--- Page 1 ---
- i - 
SANTANDER INTERNATIONAL PRODUCTS PUBLIC LIMITED 
COMPANY 
(Incorporated with limited liability in Ireland but with its tax residence in the Kingdom of Spain) 
EUR 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
guaranteed by 
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
This base prospectus ("Base Prospectus") has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") (as defined below). The Central Bank only approves 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Approval by the Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or Guarantor or of the quality of the notes (the 
"Notes"). Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to the Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of The Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as 
Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") or on another regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive, 
(Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended, "MiFID II") and/or that are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic 
Area (the "EEA") in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. This Base Prospectus supersedes the Base Prospectus dated 
28 July 2020. 
This Base Prospectus, as approved by the Central Bank, in accordance with the requirements of the Prospectus Regulation, comprises a Base 
Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Notes issued 
under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described herein, during the period of 12 months after the date hereof. 
Under the Programme, Santander International Products Public Limited Company (the "Issuer") may issue Notes. The payment of all amounts 
and delivery of all assets due in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Banco Santander, S.A. (the 
"Guarantor" or the "Bank" or "Banco Santander"), provided the Bank executes the Applicable Transaction Terms (as defined below) in 
relation to the relevant Notes. The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed will not at any time exceed EUR 
10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). Particulars of the dates of, parties to and general nature of each document to which the 
Issuer is a party in relation to the Programme and any Notes (the "Transaction Documents") are set out in various sections of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Notes may be issued in bearer, registered or in dematerialised book-entry form (anotaciones en cuenta). 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to its official list (the "Official List") and trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II. The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
(and not on its own behalf) in connection with the application for admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. Application may also be made to (i) the Spanish fixed income securities market, AIAF Mercado 
de Renta Fija ("AIAF") operated by Bolsas y Mercados Españoles Renta Fija, S.A.U. (the "Spanish Regulated Market Operator") for the 
Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on AIAF, (ii) Euronext Lisbon – Sociedade Gestora de Mercados Regulamentados, S.A. 
("Euronext") for the Nores to be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Lisbon ("Euronext Lisbon") or (iii) the 
regulated market of the Warsaw Stock Exchange (the "WSE"). Each of AIAF, Euronext Lisbon and the regulated market of the WSE is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Application may also be made to the multilateral trading facility of securitised derivative 
financial instruments organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A (the "SeDeX Market") or to the Euro TLX, the multilateral trading 
facility organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("Euro TLX"), for the Notes to be admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or Euro 
TLX, respectively. The SeDeX Market and Euro TLX are not regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II. The Programme (as defined 
below) also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further 
competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems or may be unlisted, in each case, as may be agreed with the Issuer and as set 
out in the Applicable Transaction Terms. This Base Prospectus also contemplates (i) non-exempt public offers in each of Italy, Spain, Poland 
and Portugal and (ii) listings on a regulated market (for the purposes of MiFID II), in each of Spain, Poland and Portugal.  If the Notes are 
admitted to listing on the Taipei Exchange and offered in Taiwan, the Notes shall not be offered, sold or re-sold, directly or indirectly, to 
investors other than professional institutional investors ("Professional Institutional Investors") as defined under Paragraph 2, Article 4 of 
the Financial Consumer Protection Act of the Republic of China. In such case, purchasers of the Notes are not permitted to sell or otherwise 
dispose of the Notes except by transfer to a Professional Institutional Investor. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an 
exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Prospective investors should note that the Issuer is incorporated in Ireland but tax-resident in the Kingdom of Spain ("Spain"). Potential 
purchasers should note the statements on pages 582 to 590 regarding the tax treatment in Spain of income obtained in respect of the Notes and 
the disclosure requirements imposed by Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended, on the Issuer and the Guarantor relating to 
the Notes. Holders of Notes must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure the correct tax treatment of 
their Notes is obtained. 
Investors should be aware that the Issuer is not regulated by the Central Bank and that any investment in the Notes will not have the status of 
a bank deposit and is therefore not within the scope of the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or any state 
securities laws, and the Issuer is only offering Notes outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S") and within the United States to qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities 
Act ("Rule 144A")) in reliance on Rule 144A or in other transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act and, in each case, in 
compliance with applicable securities laws.

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
The Programme has been rated (P)A2 by Moodyꞌs Investor Service España, S.A. ("Moody's"). Series of Notes issued under the Programme 
may be rated or unrated. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Where a series of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) of a relevant Series of Notes 
to be issued under the Programme will be specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in 
relation to relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or the United Kingdom and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended (the "CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation), as the case may be, will be 
disclosed in the Applicable Transaction Terms,. The list of credit rating agencies registered under the CRA Regulation (as updated from time 
to time) is published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs). 
The Guarantor has been rated by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"), Moody's, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), DBRS 
Ratings GmbH ("DBRS Morningstar"), Scope Ratings GmbH ("Scope Ratings") and GBB-Rating Gesellschaft für Bonitätsbeurteilung 
GmbH ("GBB-Rating"). Each of Fitch, Moody's, S&P, DBRS Morningstar, Scope Ratings and GBB-Rating is established in the European 
Union. Each of Fitch, Moody's, S&P, DBRS Morningstar, Scope Ratings and GBB-Rating is registered under the CRA Regulation and as 
such, is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. None of Fitch, Moody's, S&P, 
DBRS Morningstar or Scope Ratings is established in the United Kingdom but each is part of a group in respect of which one of its undertakings 
is (i) established in the United Kingdom, and (ii) is registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  As such, the ratings issued by 
Fitch, S&P, DBRS Morningstar, Scope Ratings and Moody's may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation until January 2022. 
Credit ratings may be adjusted over time, and there is no assurance that the credit ratings stated in this Base Prospectus will be effective after 
the date of this Base Prospectus. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any Notes. The Issuer is not rated. Amounts 
payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). Where relevant, a statement will be included 
in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable, as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is 
included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.  
Arranger and Dealer 
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. 
27 July 2021

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor (to the extent set out in "Description of the Guarantor" on page 496 below) 
(together, the "Responsible Persons") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and declares that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance 
with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto and 
with any other documents incorporated in it by reference and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) of 
Notes, should be read and construed together with the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have confirmed to the Dealers described under "Key Features of the Programme" 
below (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers") that this Base Prospectus contains all information which is 
(in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes and the guarantee of the Notes) material; 
that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; 
that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading 
in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such 
information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of 
the Notes and the guarantee of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries 
have been made to verify the foregoing. No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any 
representation other than those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made 
in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in 
the affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Notice of the aggregate principal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined 
under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in either (a) in the case of Notes to be admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or AIAF, (i) the final terms (the "Final Terms"), or (ii) a 
separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") (as described under "Applicable 
Transaction Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below), or (b) in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below) 
a pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement", and together with the Final Terms, the "Applicable Transaction 
Terms"). In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this 
Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, shall be read and construed as a reference to 
such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires 
otherwise. With respect to Notes to be listed on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the Applicable 
Transaction Terms will be delivered to Euronext Dublin on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined above) only applies to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area, (the "EEA") and/or 
offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 5(1) 
of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the "FSMA"). The Central Bank has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base 
Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
The Notes and any Entitlement(s) have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, trading in the Notes and any Entitlement(s) has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission pursuant to the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended and the Notes and any

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
Entitlement(s) may not be offered or sold within the United States or, to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other 
jurisdiction. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption 
from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A of the Securities Act ("Rule 144A"). 
The Notes will be subject to restrictions on resale and transfer – see "Transfer Restrictions". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation or solicitation of an offer by or on behalf of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers 
makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or 
completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential 
purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes 
issued under the Programme of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers. 
None of the Dealers, the Issuer and the Guarantor makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding 
the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the 
economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Notes may be issued in bearer, registered or dematerialised book-entry form (anotaciones en cuenta) (respectively 
"Bearer Notes", "Registered Notes" and "Book-Entry Notes"). The maximum aggregate principal amount of 
Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed EUR 10,000,000,000 (and for this 
purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into euros at the date of the agreement 
to issue such Notes calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Plan 
of Distribution"). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time 
under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of 
the Dealer Agreement. 
In the case of offers in Italy, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes that are titled "Certificates" and, in such 
circumstances, the terms "Note(s)" and "Noteholder(s)" as used herein shall be construed to be to "Certificate(s)" 
and "Certificateholder(s)" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.   
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "EUR", 
"Euro", "euro" or "€" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the 
introduction of the euro, as amended, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" and "dollars" are to the lawful 
currency of the United States of America, and references to "Renminbi", "RMB" and "CNH" are to the currency 
of the People's Republic of China ("PRC").  All references to the PRC are to the People's Republic of China, for 
the purpose of this Base Prospectus, excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's 
Republic of China ("Hong Kong"), the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China 
and Taiwan. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below may apply, 
any offer of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) may only 
be made in any Member State of the EEA (each, a "Member State") pursuant to an exemption under the 
Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. 
Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of Notes which are the subject 
of an offering/placement contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Applicable Transaction Terms in 
relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such 
offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or,

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member 
State and (in either case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by Final Terms or is a Drawdown Prospectus which specifies that 
offers may be made in that Member State and such offer is made in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified for such purpose in such prospectus or Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable. 
Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor 
do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – Other than as provided in the Applicable Transaction Terms in 
respect of any Notes, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, save in relation to any jurisdiction(s) or period(s) for which the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" is specified to be not applicable in any Applicable Transaction Terms, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – Other than as provided in the Applicable Transaction Terms in 
respect of any Notes, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of any Notes 
may, where applicable, include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – Unless otherwise stated in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).  
The Notes are complex financial instruments with high risk. There are significant risks inherent in the holding 
of the Notes, including the risks in relation to their subordination, the circumstances in which the Guarantee 
and any other claim against the Guarantor may be written down or converted to ordinary shares and the 
implications on Noteholders (such as a substantial loss), the circumstances in which Noteholders may suffer 
loss as a result of holding the Notes are difficult to predict and the quantum of any loss incurred by investors 
in the Notes in such circumstances is also highly uncertain. 
Guidance under the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the "HKMA") circular - In October 2018, the HKMA 
issued a circular regarding enhanced investor protection measures on the sale and distribution of debt instruments 
with loss-absorption features and related products (the "HKMA Circular"). Under the HKMA Circular, debt 
instruments with loss-absorption features, being subject to the possibility of being written-down or converted to 
ordinary shares, and investment products that invest mainly in, or whose returns are closely linked to the 
performance of such instruments (together, "Loss-Absorption Products"), may only be offered to professional 
investors (as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and its subsidiary 
legislation, "Professional Investors") in Hong Kong. Unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms in respect of any Notes, the Guarantee rights in respect of all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme contain loss-absorption features and the Notes may therefore be considered Loss-Absorption Products 
under the HKMA Circular. Investors in Hong Kong should not purchase such Notes with loss-absorption features 
unless they are Professional Investors and understand the risks involved. Such Notes are generally not suitable for 
retail investors in Hong Kong in either the primary or the secondary markets. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation 
to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a "Non-exempt Offer".   
Restrictions on Non-Exempt Offers of Notes in relevant Member States of the EEA 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Notes in each Member 
State in relation to which the Issuer has given its consent, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each specified 
state a "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction" and together the "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions"). Any person 
making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Notes on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only 
with the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus as provided under "Consent given in accordance with 
Article 5(1) of the Prospectus " below and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to that 
consent. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of Notes, the Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility, in each of the 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") 
who purchases any Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below), 
where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and provided that the 
conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of this Base Prospectus are complied with. The consent 
and conditions attached to it are set out under "Consent" and "Common Conditions to Consent" below.   
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law requirements

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer or any Dealer has any responsibility or liability for the 
actions of that Authorised Offeror.   
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has 
authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use 
of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Notes. Any Non-
exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer 
or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the 
purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about 
whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (a)(i), (a)(ii) and (b) below are together the "Authorised 
Offerors" and each an "Authorised Offeror". 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes and subject to the conditions set out below under "Common Conditions 
to Consent": 
Specific Consent 
(a) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if 
applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
General Consent 
(b) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable", the 
Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the 
relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of Notes by any other financial 
intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II; and 
(ii) 
it accepts the Issuer's offer to grant consent to the use of this Base Prospectus by publishing on 
its website the following statement (with the information in square brackets duly completed) 
(the "Acceptance Statement"): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of relevant 
Notes] (the "Notes") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the "Final Terms") 
published by Santander International Products plc (the "Issuer"). In consideration of the Issuer 
offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) 
in connection with the offer of the Notes in [specify Member State(s)] during the Offer Period 
and subject to the other conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, 
we hereby accept the offer by the Issuer in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as 
specified in the Base Prospectus) and confirm that we are using the Base Prospectus 
accordingly." 
The "Authorised Offeror Terms", being the terms to which the relevant financial intermediary 
agrees in connection with using this Base Prospectus, are that the relevant financial 
intermediary: 
(A) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the 
relevant Non-exempt Offer:

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
I. 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory 
bodies (the "Rules") from time to time including, without limitation and in 
each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any 
investment in the Notes by any person and disclosure to any potential 
Investor; 
II. 
comply with the restrictions set out under "Plan of Distribution" in this Base 
Prospectus which would apply if the relevant financial intermediary were a 
Dealer and consider the relevant manufacturer's target market assessment and 
distribution channels identified under the "MiFID II product governance" 
legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
III. 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or 
rebate received or paid by the relevant financial intermediary in relation to 
the offer or sale of the Notes does not violate the Rules and, to the extent 
required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential 
Investors; 
IV. 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection 
with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules; 
V. 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption 
and "know your client" Rules (including, without limitation, taking 
appropriate steps, in compliance with such Rules, to establish and document 
the identity of each potential Investor prior to initial investment in any Notes 
by the Investor), and will not permit any application for Notes in 
circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicion as to the 
source of the application monies; 
VI. 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required 
under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted 
by the Rules, make such records available to the relevant Dealer, the Issuer 
and the Guarantor or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer in order to enable 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with anti-
money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" Rules 
applying to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer, as the case may 
be; 
VII. 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or the relevant Dealer to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or the relevant Dealer to any requirement to obtain or make any filing, 
authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
VIII. 
immediately inform the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer if at any 
time it becomes aware, or suspects, that it is or may be in violation of any 
Rules and take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with 
such Rules in all respects; 
IX. 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common 
Conditions to Consent" below and any further requirements or other 
Authorised Offeror Terms relevant to the Non-exempt Offer as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
X. 
make available to each potential Investor in the Notes this Base Prospectus 
(as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final 
Terms and any applicable information booklet provided by the Issuer for such 
purpose, and not convey or publish any information that is not contained in 
or entirely consistent with this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 9 ---
- ix - 
XI. 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Base Prospectus 
or any other materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf 
of the Issuer for the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer) in connection 
with the relevant Non-exempt Offer, it will ensure that such communication 
(A) is fair, clear and not misleading and complies with the Rules, (B) states 
that such financial intermediary has provided such communication 
independently of the Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely 
responsible for such communication and that none of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the relevant Dealer accepts any responsibility for such communication 
and (C) does not, without the prior written consent of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or the relevant Dealer (as applicable), use the legal or publicity names of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer or any other name, brand or logo 
registered by an entity within their respective groups or any material over 
which any such entity retains a proprietary interest, except to describe the 
Issuer as issuer of the relevant Notes and the Guarantor as the guarantor of 
the relevant Notes on the basis set out in this Base Prospectus; 
XII. 
ensure that no holder of Notes or potential Investor in Notes shall become an 
indirect or direct client of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer for 
the purposes of any applicable Rules from time to time, and to the extent that 
any client obligations are created by the relevant financial intermediary under 
any applicable Rules, then such financial intermediary shall perform any such 
obligations so arising; 
XIII. 
cooperate with the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer in providing 
relevant information (including, without limitation, documents and records 
maintained pursuant to paragraph (VI) above) and such further assistance as 
is reasonably requested upon written request from the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or the relevant Dealer in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, 
in any event, within any time frame set by any such regulator or regulatory 
process. For this purpose, relevant information is information that is available 
to or can be acquired by the relevant financial intermediary: 
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in 
relation to the Notes, the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer; 
and/or 
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer relating to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer or another Authorised Offeror 
including, without limitation, complaints as defined in the Rules; 
and/or 
(iii) 
which the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer may 
reasonably require from time to time in relation to the Notes and/or 
to allow the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer fully to 
comply with its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements; 
XIV. 
during the period of the initial offering of the Notes: (i) only sell the Notes at 
the Issue Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless otherwise 
agreed with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer); (ii) only sell the Notes for 
settlement on the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms; (iii) not 
appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer); (iv) not pay any fee or remuneration or commissions or 
benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering or sale of the Notes 
(unless otherwise agreed with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer); and (v) 
comply with such other rules of conduct as may be reasonably required and 
specified by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer; and 
XV. 
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the 
Notes, or (ii) keep a record of all requests the relevant financial intermediary

--- Page 10 ---
- x - 
(x) makes for its discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its 
advisory clients and (z) receives from its execution-only clients, in each case 
prior to making any order for the Notes on their behalf, and in each case 
maintain the same on its files for so long as is required by any applicable 
Rules; 
(B) 
agrees and undertakes to each of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer that 
if it or any of its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and 
controlling persons (each a "Relevant Party") incurs any losses, liabilities, costs, 
claims, charges, expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable costs of 
investigation and any defence raised thereto and counsel's fees and disbursements 
associated with any such investigation or defence) (a "Loss") arising out of or in 
relation to, or in connection with, any breach of any of the foregoing agreements, 
representations, warranties or undertakings by the relevant financial intermediary, 
including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by the relevant financial 
intermediary or failure by it to observe any of the above restrictions or requirements or 
the making by it of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of any 
information which has not been authorised for such purposes by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or the relevant Dealer, the relevant financial intermediary shall pay to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer, as the case may be, an amount equal to 
the Loss. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any Dealer shall have any duty or 
obligation, whether as fiduciary or trustee for any Relevant Party or otherwise, to 
recover any such payment or to account to any other person for any amounts paid to it 
under this provision; and 
(C) 
agrees and accepts that: 
I. 
the contract between the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary formed 
upon acceptance by the relevant financial intermediary of the Issuer's offer to 
use this Base Prospectus with its consent in connection with the relevant Non-
exempt Offer (the "Authorised Offeror Contract"), and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror 
Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law; 
II. 
subject to (IV) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror 
Contract (including any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a 
"Dispute") and the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary submit to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts; 
III. 
for the purposes of (C)(II) and (IV), the relevant financial intermediary 
waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any dispute; 
IV. 
to the extent allowed by law, the Issuer, the Guarantor and each relevant 
Dealer may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any 
other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number 
of jurisdictions; and 
V. 
the Guarantor and each relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999, be entitled to enforce those provisions of the 
Authorised Offeror Contract which are, or are expressed to be, for their 
benefit, including the agreements, representations, warranties, undertakings 
and indemnity given by the financial intermediary pursuant to the Authorised 
Offeror Terms. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within (b) above who meets the conditions set out in (b) and the other 
conditions stated in "Common Conditions to Consent" below and who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in

--- Page 11 ---
- xi - 
connection with a Non-exempt Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish 
on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant Non-exempt 
Offer are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (b) above if Part B of the applicable Final Terms 
specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes in a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Arrangements between investors and authorised offerors 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY NOTES IN A NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH 
NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN 
SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR, INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN 
RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT. THE ISSUER WILL NOT 
BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH 
THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE 
RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE 
TIME OF SUCH OFFER. NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR AND, FOR THE AVOIDANCE 
OF DOUBT, ANY DEALER HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN 
RESPECT OF THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
Save as provided above, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, 
the making of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
This Base Prospectus describes certain Spanish tax implications and tax information procedures in connection 
with an investment in the Notes (see "Risk Factors – Risks in Relation to the Notes – Risks in Relation to Spanish 
Taxation", "Taxation in Spain" and "Taxation and Disclosure of Information in connection with Payments"). 
Holders of Notes must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure correct tax 
treatment of their Notes. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within this 
document has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of the Base Prospectus. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
No holding of Implicit Yield Notes other than Book-Entry Notes by Spanish individuals 
The sale, transfer, or acquisition of Implicit Yield Notes (as defined below) other than Book-Entry Notes, 
including, but not limited to, Zero Coupon Notes, to or by individuals (personas físicas) who are tax resident in 
Spain (each a "Spanish Individual") is forbidden in all cases. Any transfer of Implicit Yield Notes other than 
Book-Entry Notes to or by Spanish Individuals is not permitted and such transfer will be considered null and void 
by the Issuer and the Guarantor. Accordingly, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will (i) recognise any Spanish 
Individual as an owner of Implicit Yield Notes other than as an owner of Book-Entry Notes or (ii) list any Implicit 
Yield Notes other than Book-Entry Notes on AIAF. 
"Implicit Yield Notes" means Notes in respect of which the income derives from (a) the difference between the 
redemption amount and the issue price of the Notes, or (b), subject to the paragraph below, a combination of (i) 
an explicit coupon and (ii) the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price of the Notes.

--- Page 12 ---
- xii - 
For the purposes of this Base Prospectus and in accordance with Spanish tax regulations, Notes with the 
characteristics set out in (b) above will only be deemed Implicit Yield Notes if the interest payable in each year 
(explicit coupon) is lower than the Interest Rate of Reference applicable as of the Issue Date.  
The "Interest Rate of Reference" shall be the interest rate applicable to each calendar quarter determined by 
reference to 80% of the weighted average rate fixed in the preceding calendar quarter for (a) three year Spanish 
Government Bond issues, if the Notes have a term of four years or less, (b) five-year Spanish Government Bond 
issues, if the Notes have a term of more than four years but equal or less than seven years, or (c) 10, 15 or 30-year 
Spanish Government Bond issues, if the Notes have a term of more than seven years, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the Applicable Transaction Terms may 
over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or at any time after the adequate public disclosure of the Applicable Transaction Terms of the offer of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation-action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
CONTENTS 
Page 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 14 
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS ................................................................................................................. 73 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 83 
ISSUE OF NOTES ............................................................................................................................................... 91 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 92 
APPLICABLE TRANSACTION TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ......................................... 95 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 96 
ANNEX 1 PROVISIONS RELATING TO EQUITY LINKED NOTES .......................................................... 165 
ANNEX 2 PROVISIONS RELATING TO INFLATION LINKED NOTES .................................................... 187 
ANNEX 3 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES .................................. 194 
ANNEX 4 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES .............................. 214 
ANNEX 5 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES ........................... 228 
ANNEX 6 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE 
LINKED NOTES ................................................................................................................................. 297 
ANNEX 7 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS .................................................... 310 
ANNEX 8 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED NOTES ........... 346 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS .......................................................................................................................... 355 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT .......................................................................................................... 418 
FORM OF NOTES ............................................................................................................................................. 475 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ........................................................................................................................... 486 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 491 
SANTANDER INTERNATIONAL PRODUCTS PLC ..................................................................................... 493 
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. ............................................................................................................................ 496 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION ............................................................................................................................... 570 
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH PAYMENTS ................ 582 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 626

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
RISK FACTORS 
Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any 
investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and the Guarantor and the industry(ies) in which each of them 
operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular, the risk 
factors described below. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (including 
"Annex 1 – Provisions relating to Equity Linked Notes", "Annex 2 – Provisions Relating to Inflation Linked 
Notes", "Annex 3 – Additional Terms and Conditions for ETF Linked Notes", "Annex 4 – Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Fund Linked Notes", "Annex 5 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes", 
"Annex 6 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes", "Annex 7 – 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts") and Annex 8 – Additional Terms and Conditions for EUA Contract 
Linked Notes below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
Notes may be issued under the Programme which are ETF Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, CMS Linked Notes, 
Inflation Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes, Credit Linked Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes, 
EUA Contract Linked Notes or, if the Notes are Exempt Notes, commodity linked or other reference item linked 
notes ("Reference Item Linked Notes"). The relevant terms of any Reference Item Linked Notes that are not 
Exempt Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The relevant terms of any Reference Item Linked 
Notes that are Exempt Notes will be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. An investment in Reference 
Item Linked Notes may involve a number of risks, some of which are referred to below (see "Risk Factors Relating 
to Reference Item Linked Notes") and which are not associated with investment in a conventional debt security. 
The amount paid and/or the value of assets (if any) to be delivered by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be, on redemption of the Reference Item Linked Notes may be less than the principal amount of the Reference 
Item Linked Notes and may in certain circumstances be zero.  
Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor that are not currently known to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, or that either currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have 
a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose 
the value of their entire investment or part of it.  
CONTENTS OF THE RISK FACTORS  
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
 
1.  Risks Relating to the Purchase, Holding and Trading of the Notes 
 
2.  Risks Relating to Reference Item Linked Notes 
 
3.  Risks Relating to Specific Types of Reference Item Linked Notes 
 
4.  Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
5.  Risks relating to Renminbi Notes 
 
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Group 
 
6.  Risks Relating to the Issuer 
 
7.  Macro-Economic Risks 
 
8.  Risks Relating to the Group's Business 
 
 
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
1. 
Risks Relating to the Purchase, Holding and Trading of the Notes

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
The Notes bear the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Holders of Notes bear the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor. That is the risk that the Issuer or the Guarantor 
is not able to meet its obligations under such Notes, irrespective of how any principal, interest or other payments 
and/or assets deliverable under such Notes are to be calculated. In such circumstances Holders may lose some or 
all of their investment. 
Claims of holders under the Notes are effectively junior to those of certain other creditors  
The Notes and any guarantee in respect of them (the "Guarantee") are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor, respectively. Subject to statutory preferences, the Notes and the Guarantee will 
rank equally with any of the Issuer's and the Guarantor's other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. 
However, the Notes and the Guarantee will be effectively subordinated to all of, respectively, the Issuer's and the 
Guarantor's secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and other 
preferential obligations under Spanish law. The Guarantee is also structurally subordinated to all indebtedness of 
subsidiaries of the Guarantor insofar as any right of the Guarantor to receive any assets of such companies upon 
their winding-up will be effectively subordinated to the claims of the creditors of those companies in the winding-
up. 
In addition, the BRRD and Law 11/2015 (as defined below) contemplate that Notes may be subject to the 
application of the general bail-in tool (see "The taking of any action under Law 11/2015 and its developing 
regulations could materially affect the value of any Notes. The Notes may also be subject to loss absorption 
through their permanent write-down and/or conversion into equity" below).    
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there 
is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be 
consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are traded 
after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing 
interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor.  
Although application may be made to the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to its 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on its regulated market or to AIAF for the Notes to be listed and 
admitted to trading on AIAF, this does not mean that such Notes will be any more or less liquid than if such Notes 
were not listed and there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of 
Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. 
Accordingly, a trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes may not develop or may be illiquid and Holders 
should be prepared to hold the Notes to maturity. 
The Issue Price may be greater than the market value of the Notes 
The Issue Price specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms may be more than the market value of the 
Notes as at the Issue Date, and the price, if any, at which a Dealer or any other person is willing to purchase the 
Notes in secondary market transactions is likely to be lower than the Issue Price. In particular, the Issue Price may 
take into account amounts with respect to commissions relating to the issue and sale of the Notes as well as 
subscription fees, placement fees, direction fees, structuring fees and/or other additional costs as well as amounts 
relating to the hedging of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes, and secondary market prices are likely to 
exclude such amounts. Any difference between the issue price and/or offer price may have an adverse effect on 
the value of the Notes, particularly immediately following the offer and the issue date relating to such Notes, 
where any such amounts, fees and costs may be deducted from the price at which such Notes can be sold by the 
initial investor in the secondary market. 
Furthermore, if the Notes are offered by the Issuer to the public directly on the secondary market in connection 
with any listing of the Notes ("Direct Listing"), the profit of the Notes for investors may be reduced taking into 
account that the purchase price of the Notes on the secondary market may be different from the Issue Price.

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, all the Notes will be redeemed where any investor fails to pay 
any subsequent instalment of the issue price 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. A failure by any investor 
to pay any instalment of the issue price in respect of the Notes held by such investor will result in all the Notes 
being redeemed even if all other investors have paid the relevant instalment.  
The Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer prior to maturity at the option of the Issuer or for taxation reasons 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms specifies 
otherwise, in the event that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to increase the 
amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied specifically by or 
on behalf of Ireland or the Kingdom of Spain where the Issuer and Guarantor are incorporated, respectively, and 
are tax residents of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, the Issuer may in certain circumstances redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
If in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms specifies that the 
Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances, the Issuer may choose to redeem the 
Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In addition, in the case of Notes other than 
Inflation Linked Notes, Credit Linked Notes and Fund Linked Notes which are not linked in an ETF, if "AER 
Value Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as being applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
on the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event the Notes will be automatically redeemed at their 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount. In the case of an Equity Linked Note or Inflation Linked Note, if an 
Additional Disruption Event occurs and "Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event" 
is not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early. In such circumstances 
an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest 
rate as high as that of the equivalent Notes and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Any change in the Underlying Transactions or their market value may materially adversely affect the Buy-
Back Price payable in respect of Notes in relation to which the Specific Basis Buy-Back Provisions apply 
If the Specific Basis Buy-Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
investors should be aware that Santander International Products plc is not required to but may at its option maintain 
certain notional Underlying Transactions (as defined in Condition 6(k) (Specific Basis Buy-Back Provisions) from 
time to time. In the event that the Notes are bought-back by the Issuer prior to their scheduled Maturity Date in 
accordance with the Specific Basis Buy-Back Provisions, the price of the Notes shall reflect and shall be 
determined taking into consideration but will not necessarily be the same as the Market Value (as defined in 
Condition 6(k) (Specific Basis Buy-Back Provision) of such Underlying Transactions. 
The Underlying Transactions, if any, will be selected from time to time by the Calculation Agent in its discretion 
and may be subject to change during the term of the Notes. In addition, the Issuer may elect not to maintain 
Underlying Transactions at any time in which case the Issuer will not be able to buy back Notes in accordance 
with the Specific Buy-Back Provisions, although the Issuer may at its option purchase Notes at amounts other 
than the Buy-Back Price at any time. Any Underlying Transactions which are maintained at any time will in any 
event be notional transactions and the Issuer will not be required to maintain any actual transactions corresponding 
to Underlying Transactions. Any Underlying Transactions may have term(s) (or equivalent) which end prior to, 
on or after the Maturity Date of the Notes and/or notional amount(s) (or equivalent) that may be equal to or higher 
than the aggregate principal amount of the Notes. Information relating to the relevant Underlying Transactions if 
any will be made available to investors in accordance with the method of publication specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
In the event that an investor requests that the Issuer buy-back any such Notes held by it prior to their maturity, 
and the Issuer accepts such request, the price of the Notes (the "Buy-Back Price") will be determined in a 
commercially reasonable manner by Banco Santander, S.A., acting in its capacity as Calculation Agent, taking 
into consideration but will not necessarily be the same as the Market Value of such Underlying Transactions. Any 
change in the Underlying Transactions and the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions may therefore 
materially adversely affect the Buy-Back Price payable to the relevant investor, particularly where the Underlying 
Transactions have term(s) which end after the Maturity Date of the Notes and/or notional amount(s) that are higher 
than the aggregate principal amount of the Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
Investors should refer to the "Investment Considerations" section for further information. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may 
be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued  
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination 
plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts 
in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of the minimum Specified 
Denomination. In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the 
remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a 
result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such 
holding (should definitive Notes be printed (or issued)) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes 
at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount may experience price volatility in response to changes in 
market interest rates  
The market value of Notes which are issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing notes with comparable maturities. 
Exchange rates will affect the calculation of the FX Factor 
The FX Factor, where the Applicable Transaction Terms states that it applies, reflects the performance of the 
Specified Currency and the FX Value Reference Currency (or, where the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Note provisions apply, the Base Currency and Subject Currency) during the life of the Notes and will be applied 
to the calculation of certain amounts under the Notes. An investor is therefore directly exposed to the performance 
of such currencies. Where such performance is adverse this may result in an overall loss to an investor. 
Risks in connection with the public offer of the Notes 
If the Notes are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer and/or the other entities indicated in the applicable Final Terms will have the right to 
withdraw or revoke the offer, and the offer will be deemed to be null and void according to the terms indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer and/or the other 
entities specified in the applicable Final Terms may terminate the offer early by immediate suspension of the 
acceptance of further subscription requests and by giving notice to the public in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms. Any such termination may occur even where the maximum amount for subscription in relation to 
that offer (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), has not been reached. In such circumstances, the early 
closing of the offer may have an impact on the aggregate number of Notes issued and, therefore, may have an 
adverse effect on the liquidity of the Notes. Furthermore, under certain circumstances, the Issuer and/or the other 
entities indicated in the applicable Final Terms will have the right to extend the offer period and/or to postpone 
the originally designated issue date, and related interest payment dates. For the avoidance of doubt, this right 
applies also in the event that the Issuer publishes a supplement to the Base Prospectus in accordance with the 
provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Investors should be aware that potential conflicts of interest may arise in connection with the Notes, as any 
distributors or other entities involved in the offer and/or the listing of the Notes as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, will act pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer and can receive commissions and/or fees on the basis 
of the services performed in relation to such offer and/or listing. 
In the case of Direct Listing, potential conflicts of interests may arise between the role of the Issuer as offeror and 
the role of: (i) the Issuer itself; and/or (ii) other entities of the Group; and/or (iii) other intermediaries, when the 
Issuer and/or the other entities of the Group and/or other intermediaries are performing the relevant investment 
service in relation to the Notes. 
Certain risks relating to public offers of the Notes in Italy

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
If the Notes are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer and/or the other entities indicated in the applicable Final Terms will have the right to 
withdraw or revoke the offer, and the offer will be deemed to be null and void according to the terms indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer and/or the other 
entities specified in the applicable Final Terms may terminate the offer early by immediate suspension of the 
acceptance of further subscription requests and by giving notice to the public in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms. Any such termination may occur even where the maximum amount for subscription in relation to 
that offer (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), has not been reached. In such circumstances, the early 
closing of the offer may have an impact on the aggregate number of Notes issued and, therefore, may have an 
adverse effect on the liquidity of the Notes. Furthermore, under certain circumstances, the Issuer and/or the other 
entities indicated in the applicable Final Terms will have the right to extend the offer period and/or to postpone 
the originally designated issue date, and related interest payment dates. For the avoidance of doubt, this right 
applies also in the event that the Issuer publishes a supplement to the Base Prospectus in accordance with the 
provisions of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The relevant Final Terms may also provide that the effectiveness of the offer of Notes is conditional upon 
admission to listing or to trading on the relevant regulated market and/or multilateral trading facility indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms, occurring by the Issue Date. In such case, in the event that admission to listing or trading 
of the Notes does not take place by the Issue Date for whatever reason, the Issuer may withdraw the offer, the 
offer will be deemed to be null and void and the relevant Notes will not be issued. As a consequence, the potential 
investor will not receive any Note, any subscription rights the potential investor has for the Notes will be cancelled 
and he/she will not be entitled to any compensation therefor. 
The issue price and/or offer price of the Notes may include subscription fees, placement fees, direction fees, 
structuring fees and/or other additional costs.  Any such fees and/or costs may not be taken into account for the 
purposes of determining the price of such Notes on the secondary market and could result in a difference between 
the original issue price and/or offer price, the theoretical value of the Notes, and/or the actual bid/offer price 
quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market.  Any such difference may have an adverse effect on the 
value of the Notes, particularly immediately following the offer and the issue date relating to such Notes, where 
any such fees and/or costs may be deducted from the price at which such Notes can be sold by the initial investor 
in the secondary market. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds, as described in Use of Proceeds, may not 
meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor’s investment criteria.  
The Applicable Transaction Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that an amount equal to 
the whole or a part of such net proceeds will be applied by the Guarantor to eligible green assets or eligible social 
projects (such Notes being "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainable Bonds"), as described in the 
Santander Global Sustainable Bond Framework and Green Bond Framework, in each case, published on the 
Santander web-site (see "Use of Proceeds"). 
The Guarantor or any of its affiliates (as the case may be) will exercise its judgment and sole discretion in 
determining the eligible assets that will be financed by the proceeds of any such Notes. Such eligible assets may 
not meet the Guarantor's or any of its affiliates’ (as the case may be) sustainable development goals or relevant 
framework agreements relating to green financing, as the case may be. In such case, if an asset fails to ensure 
continued compliance with the eligibility criteria, or if early repayment of an asset occurs, the Guarantor and/or 
any of its affiliates, as applicable, commits to replacing the asset with another one, respecting the eligibility 
criteria, within 12 months. Pending the allocation or reallocation, as the case may be, of the net proceeds of such 
Notes, the Guarantor or any of its affiliates, will invest the balance of the net proceeds, at its own discretion, in 
cash and/or cash equivalent and/or other liquid marketable instruments. 
Businesses or projects which are the subject of, or related to, the relevant framework agreements may not meet 
investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal or other standards regarding environmental impact. 
Such standards might include any present or future applicable law or regulations or under an investor’s own by-
laws or other governing rules, policies or investment mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental impact. The purchase of such Notes should be based upon such investigation as investors deem 
necessary. 
Furthermore, the Guarantor has no contractual obligation to allocate (or cause allocation of) the proceeds of any 
such Notes to finance particular businesses and projects or (unless otherwise stated in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms) to provide reports or obtain any opinion or certification of a third party on, for example, the updated

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
amount of proceeds allocated to particular businesses or projects or the environmental impacts of such financings. 
Even if any reports are provided or any opinion or certification obtained, these may not satisfy an investor’s own 
by-laws or other governing rules, policies or investment mandates and such reports, opinions and/or certifications 
may be subject to amendment. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
report, opinion or certification and/or the provider of any report, opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes. The providers of such report, opinions and certifications may not be subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
Any: 
(i) 
failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds, as the 
case may be, in the manner described in the Santander Global Sustainable Bond Framework, the 
Santander Green Bond Framework and the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
(ii) 
withdrawal of any opinion or certification or any opinion or certification being superseded by an opinion 
or certification stating that the Guarantor has not complied, in whole or in part, with any matters on which 
the original opinion or certification had opined or certified; and/or 
(iii) 
event or circumstances resulting in any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds, as the 
case may be, no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market, 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds, as the case 
may be, and could also result in adverse consequences for certain investors with investment criteria or guidelines 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. Holders of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable 
Bonds will not have any voting rights with regards to the terms of the relevant frameworks and any changes 
thereto, even if such changes will not be adherent to an investor’s portfolio mandate. 
There is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a "green" or an equivalently-labelled project or asset or as to what precise attributes are required for 
a particular project or asset to be defined as "green" or such other equivalent label. Prospective investors should 
note a clear definition or consensus may not develop over time or if market consensus is developed, that any 
prevailing market consensus may significantly change. 
Any of the above factors (and any events that negatively affect the value of any other securities of the Issuer that 
are intended to finance "green" or equivalently-labelled projects or assets) could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of such Notes. 
2. 
Risk Factors Relating to Reference Item Linked Notes 
Investors may lose some or all of the original investment amount 
The amount payable and/or the value of the assets (if any) deliverable to Holders on redemption of the Reference 
Item Linked Notes may be less than the principal amount invested by them in the Reference Item Linked Notes 
and may in certain circumstances be zero. 
In order to realise a return upon an investment in the Reference Item Linked Notes, an investor must have correctly 
anticipated the timing and magnitude of an anticipated increase or the absence of a decrease in the value of the 
Reference Item Linked Notes relative to the Issue Price and must also be correct about when any change will 
occur. If the value of the Reference Item Linked Notes does not increase, or decrease, as the case may be, before 
such Reference Item Linked Notes are redeemed, part of the investor's investment in such Reference Item Linked 
Notes may be lost on such redemption. Other than in respect of Reference Item Linked Notes which are 
redeemable prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the Noteholder, the only means by which a Noteholder can 
realise value from its Reference Item Linked Notes prior to their Maturity Date is to sell such Reference Item 
Linked Notes at their then market price in the secondary market (if available) (see "Illiquidity of the Secondary 
Market" below).   
Notes that are linked to a reference item and/or the obligations of a Reference Entity (as defined below) may be 
principal (or capital) protected or non-principal (or capital) protected at maturity. Investors in Notes which are not 
principal (or capital) protected may risk losing their entire investment (including the loss of any transaction costs 
paid by the investor) if the value of the reference item and/or obligation of a Reference Entity does not move in 
the anticipated direction. If the Notes are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as having a minimum 
redemption amount, such Notes are principal (or capital) protected at maturity only and only to such extent. If

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
Notes are redeemed or sold before their scheduled maturity or expiration, they may return less than the minimum 
redemption amount, the amount invested or even zero. In addition amounts payable may be subject to deductions 
for taxes or expenses. 
Investors should note that certain Notes linked to the performance of the reference items or obligations of the 
Reference Entity, as the case may be, may not benefit from a minimum redemption amount or minimum cash 
settlement amount and investors may receive a cash amount and/or assets the value of which may be less than the 
initial investment amount of the Notes and investors are exposed to the full loss of their investment (including the 
loss of any transaction costs paid by the investor). 
Fluctuations in the value of the relevant underlying will affect the value of Reference Item Linked Notes 
Fluctuations in the value of the relevant index or basket of indices (including the prices of securities included in 
an index or basket of indices) will affect the value of single index notes and basket of indices notes. In addition, 
fluctuations in the price of the relevant equity security or value of the basket of equity securities will affect the 
value of single equity notes and basket of equity notes. In both these cases and in the case of currency linked 
notes, fluctuations in the value of the currency or currencies in or to which the Reference Item Linked Notes or 
the underlying securities or index are denominated or linked will also affect the value of such Reference Item 
Linked Notes. Also, due to the character of the particular markets on which most equity securities are traded, the 
absence of last sale information and the limited availability of quotations for such equity securities may make it 
difficult for many investors to obtain timely, accurate data for the price or yield of such equity securities. 
The terms and conditions of the Reference Item Linked Notes generally may include adjustment and early 
redemption provisions and other terms which along with general market conditions and the financial condition of 
the underlying reference entity may affect the amounts due and payable and/or the value of the assets (if any) 
deliverable under such Reference Item Linked Notes and/or their Maturity Date. In these cases the Reference Item 
Linked Notes may be affected and may, in some cases, result in the Reference Item Linked Notes being redeemed 
early which may negatively impact the return to investors.  
Many factors may adversely affect the value and trading price of Reference Item Linked Notes 
Reference Item Linked Notes pose risks with regard to interim value. The interim value of the Reference Item 
Linked Notes varies with the price and is affected by a number of factors, many of which are beyond the Issuer's 
control, including but not limited to: 
(i) 
market interest rates; 
(ii) 
fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
(iii) 
fluctuations in commodities prices; 
(iv) 
the liquidity of the Reference Item Linked Notes or any reference item(s) in the secondary market; 
(v) 
the time remaining to any redemption date or the maturity date; 
(vi) 
where the reference item(s) is/are credit linked, the creditworthiness of the specified reference entity or 
entities; and 
(vii) 
economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting capital 
markets generally and the stock exchange(s) on which the Reference Item Linked Notes may be traded. 
The effects of one or a combination of these factors may mean that a Noteholder will not be able to sell any 
Reference Item Linked Notes prior to maturity at a price equal to or greater than the market value of the Reference 
Item Linked Notes on the Issue Date and such Holder may only be able to sell Reference Item Linked Notes at a 
discount, which may be substantial. 
The Calculation Agent has broad discretion and may take action which affects the relevant underlying 
reference item and/or the value of Reference Item Linked Notes 
Investors should note that, in exercising its duties in relation to Reference Item Linked Notes, the Calculation 
Agent may have considerable discretion in relation to certain matters which may affect amounts due and payable 
and/or assets deliverable under the Reference Item Linked Notes and/or their Maturity Date including (without

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
limitation) the replacement of an underlying index, share or other asset, modification of amounts otherwise 
payable and/or assets deliverable on redemption or determining the closing price and/or potential early redemption 
of the Reference Item Linked Notes.  
The Calculation Agent may make such adjustments as it considers appropriate as a consequence of certain 
corporate actions affecting the relevant underlying share or index. In making these adjustments, the Calculation 
Agent is entitled to exercise substantial discretion and may be subject to conflicts of interest, including the 
conflicts of interest highlighted above, in exercising this discretion.  
Illiquidity of the Secondary Market 
There may be no secondary market for the Reference Item Linked Notes. If a secondary market does exist, it may 
be illiquid and investors may find it difficult to trade the Reference Item Linked Notes. The number of Reference 
Item Linked Notes of any Series may be relatively small, further adversely affecting the liquidity of such 
Reference Item Linked Notes.  
Noteholders will not obtain any rights of ownership in the Reference Item(s) 
Purchasers of Notes should be aware that the Issuer is under no obligation to hold a position in any Reference 
Item(s) and should note that the relevant Reference Item(s) that may be held by the Issuer will not be held by the 
Issuer for the benefit of the purchasers of such Notes and, as such, Noteholders will not obtain any rights of 
ownership, including, without limitation, any voting rights, any rights to receive dividends or other distributions 
or any other rights with respect to any Reference Item referenced by such Notes. 
The past performance of a Reference Item is not indicative of future performance 
There is a risk that Reference Items perform differently than in the past and consequently any information about 
the past performance of the Reference Item at the time of the issuance of the Notes should not be regarded as 
indicative of the range of, or trends in, fluctuations in the Reference Item that may occur in the future.  
Delivery of Reference Items in respect of Physical Delivery Notes may be postponed or cash may be paid in lieu 
thereof 
In the case of Notes which are redeemable by delivery of assets (other than Credit Linked Notes), if a Settlement 
Disruption Event occurs or exists on the due date for redemption of the Notes, settlement will be postponed until 
the first following Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption Event. The 
Issuer in these circumstances also has the right to pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount in lieu of 
delivering the Entitlement (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). 
If a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity occurs, the Issuer has the right, in lieu of delivery of the assets affected 
by such event, to pay the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount to the Noteholders. The Disruption Cash 
Redemption Amount and/or the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount may be less than the fair market value of 
the Entitlement. 
Noteholders may be required to pay certain expenses in relation to Notes subject to Physical Delivery 
Holders of Notes subject to Physical Delivery must pay all Expenses relating to delivery of such Notes which may 
reduce the overall return on investment. As defined in the terms and conditions, "Expenses" includes all costs, 
taxes, duties and/or expenses including stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes 
arising from the delivery of the Entitlement. 
There are certain requirements to be fulfilled and payments to be made by the holder in order to receive Notes 
subject to Physical Delivery and the Issuer may decide to settle by way of cash payment instead in certain 
circumstances 
In order to receive the Entitlement in respect of a Note settled by way of Physical Delivery, the holder of any 
Notes other than Book-Entry Notes must deliver or send to the relevant Clearing System or Principal Paying 
Agent (as applicable) a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice or, the Iberclear Member of any Book-Entry Notes 
must send a duly completed Iberclear Settlement Instruction to the Iberclear Paying Agent on or prior to the 
relevant time on the Cut-off Date and pay the relevant Expenses. If a Noteholder fails to deliver as required the 
certification of non-US beneficial ownership or certification that it is an eligible investor for US securities law

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
purposes, the Issuer may deliver what the Calculation Agent determines to be the fair market value of the 
Entitlement instead of the relevant assets. 
Switchable Notes may result in materially lower investment returns 
If, in relation to a Series of Notes, interest rate payout formula "Rate of Interest (xxxi) – Switchable" applies or 
final payout formula "Redemption (xix)" "Switchable" applies, the Issuer has a right to exercise the Switch 
Condition. The Issuer may exercise this right in its sole and absolute discretion. If the Issuer exercises the Switch 
Condition, the way in which the interest rate payouts and/or the final payout (as applicable) are determined will 
change. These changes may be detrimental to investors and could result in materially lower investment returns.  
Hedging activities may affect the market price, liquidity or value of Reference Item Linked Notes 
In connection with the offering of the Reference Item Linked Notes, the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of its 
affiliates may enter into one or more hedging transactions with respect to any potential reference item(s) or related 
derivatives. In connection with such hedging activities or with respect to proprietary or other trading activities by 
the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of its affiliates may enter into 
transactions in the reference item(s) or related derivatives which may, but are not intended to, affect the market 
price, liquidity or value of the Reference Item Linked Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the 
interest of the relevant Noteholders. 
Hedging transactions by the Issuer may affect the return on Reference Item Linked Notes 
The Issuer may use a portion or all of the total proceeds from the issue of the Notes for transactions to hedge the 
risks of the Issuer relating to Reference Item Linked Notes. In such case, the Issuer may conclude transactions 
that correspond to the obligations of the Issuer under the Reference Item Linked Notes. As a rule, such transactions 
are concluded prior to or on the Issue Date, but it is also possible to conclude such transactions after issue of the 
Reference Item Linked Notes. On or before a valuation date or delivery date, the Issuer or its affiliates may take 
the steps necessary for closing out any hedging transactions. The price, level or value of a relevant underlying 
security, index or other underlying, or the portfolio of which a share, index or other underlying forms a part, may 
be influenced by such transactions. Entering into or closing out these hedging transactions may also influence the 
probability of occurrence or non-occurrence of determining events in the case of Reference Item Linked Notes 
with a value based on the occurrence of a certain event in relation to a relevant underlying security, index or other 
underlying, or the portfolio of which a share or index forms a part, which may in turn adversely affect the return 
(if any) received by investors. 
Conflicts of interest between the Issuer, the Guarantor and its affiliates and the Noteholders 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and its affiliates may: 
(i) 
engage in trading and market-making activities and hold long or short positions in the relevant reference 
item(s) and other instruments or derivative products based on or related to the relevant reference item(s) 
for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their management; 
(ii) 
issue Reference Item Linked Notes in respect of the relevant reference item(s) which are securities, or 
issue derivative instruments in respect thereof; 
(iii) 
serve as issuer, agent, manager or underwriter of such securities or other instruments; 
(iv) 
act as underwriter in connection with future offerings of securities which comprise the reference items; 
and 
(v) 
act as financial advisers to certain underlying companies or reference entities.  
The Issuer's, the Guarantor's and its affiliates' interests with respect to such securities, instruments and products 
may be adverse to those of the Noteholders and such activities could present certain conflicts of interest, could 
influence the prices of such reference items and could adversely affect the value of the Reference Item Linked 
Notes. Potential conflicts of interest may also arise in connection with an issue of Notes, as any distributors or 
other entities involved in the offer and/or the listing of such Notes, will act pursuant to a mandate granted by the 
Issuer and can receive commissions and/or fees on the basis of the services performed in relation to such offer 
and/or listing.

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
Additionally, if acting as calculation agent for Equity Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Notes linked to one or 
more securities or indices or EUA Contract Linked Notes, the Guarantor or the Issuer will determine the payout 
(whether cash and/or assets) to the investor at maturity. The Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates may also 
carry out hedging activities related to any Equity Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Notes linked to one or more 
securities or indices or EUA Contract Linked Notes, including trading in the underlying securities and/or indices, 
as well as in other instruments related to the underlying securities and/or indices. The Issuer, the Guarantor and 
their affiliates may also trade the applicable underlying securities and/or indices and other financial instruments 
related to the underlying securities and/or indices on a regular basis as part of their general broker-dealer and other 
businesses. Any of these activities could influence the Calculation Agent's determination of adjustments made to 
any Equity Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Notes linked to one or more securities and/or indices and any such 
trading activity could potentially affect the price, level or value of the underlying securities and/or indices and or 
EUA Contract Linked Notes, accordingly, could affect the investor's payout on any Equity Linked Notes or 
Inflation Linked Notes or EUA Contract Linked Notes. 
3. 
Risks Relating to Specific Types of Reference Item Linked Notes 
Risks Relating to Fund Linked Notes 
An investment in Fund Linked Notes is not comparable to an investment in a conventional debt security 
An investment in Fund Linked Notes will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. Payments and/or assets (if any) deliverable in respect of Fund Linked Notes will be 
calculated by reference to units, interests or shares in a single fund or basket of funds on such terms as set out in 
the Pricing Supplement, and the price of units or shares in a fund may be affected by the performance of the fund 
service providers, and in particular the investment adviser. Where the Issuer issues Fund Linked Notes linked to 
one or more funds, including hedge funds, mutual funds, private equity funds or exchange traded funds, the 
relevant Fund Linked Notes reflect the performance of such fund(s). Accordingly, an investment in Fund Linked 
Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct fund investment. If the underlying fund does not perform 
sufficiently well, the value of the Fund Linked Notes will fall, and may in certain circumstances be zero. 
In relation to ETFs (as defined below), see also "Risks Relating to ETF Linked Notes". 
The return on Fund Linked Notes may be significantly less than the reported performance of the relevant fund(s) 
and may be zero 
The amount payable and/or the value of the fund shares (if any) deliverable in respect of Fund Linked Notes will 
be dependent on the performance of the relevant fund(s) underlying the Fund Linked Notes, which (as applicable) 
may be linked to the NAV per Fund Share and/or the actual redemption proceeds the Hedge Provider or a 
(hypothetical) investor in the relevant fund(s) would receive. The amount payable or the value of the fund shares 
(if any) deliverable in respect of the Fund Linked Notes may be less than the amount payable from a direct 
investment in the relevant fund(s). In certain circumstances, a fund may continue reporting a NAV per Fund Share 
(or Aggregate Fund Shares NAV, as the case may be), but the Hedge Provider or a (hypothetical) investor may 
not be able to realise their investment in the relevant fund(s) at such reported NAV per Fund Share (or the 
corresponding NAV per Fund Share as calculated by the Calculation Agent). In such a case, the return on the 
Fund Linked Notes may be less and in certain circumstances may be significantly less than the reported 
performance of the relevant fund(s) and may be zero. 
Fund Linked Notes may be cancelled, adjusted or redeemed early in certain circumstances 
Fund Linked Notes may be subject to cancellation or early redemption or adjustment (including as to valuation 
and fund substitutions) if certain corporate events (such as insolvency (or analogous event) occurring with respect 
to a fund; litigation against, or regulatory events occurring with respect to, a fund; suspensions of fund 
subscriptions or redemptions; certain changes in net asset value of a fund; or modifications to the investment 
objectives or changes in the nature or administration of a fund) occur, if certain valuation or settlement disruption 
events occur with respect to a fund, or if certain events (such as illegality, disruptions or cost increases occur). 
The issuer of fund shares or units may not disclose all relevant information 
No fund service provider will have participated in the preparation of the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms 
or in establishing the terms of the Fund Linked Notes, and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer will 
make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any information concerning 
any such issuer of fund shares or units contained in such Applicable Transaction Terms or in the documents from

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to 
the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available 
information described in any relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) that would affect the trading price of the 
fund shares or units will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure 
of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an issuer of fund shares or units could affect the 
trading price of the fund shares or units and therefore the trading price of the Fund Linked Notes.  
Holders will have no participation or ownership rights in relation to the underlying fund(s) 
Fund Linked Notes do not provide Holders with any participation rights in the underlying fund(s) and do not 
entitle holders of Fund Linked Notes to any ownership interest or rights in such fund(s). Except as may be 
otherwise provided in the Conditions and/or the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, Holders will not have 
voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant fund 
shares or units to which such Notes relate. 
Fund trading strategies are complex, opaque and create the risk of significant losses which may reduce any 
amount payable or deliverable to holders of Fund Linked Notes 
Funds may trade and invest in a broad range of investments and financial instruments using sophisticated 
investment techniques for hedging and non-hedging purposes such as debt and equity securities, commodities and 
foreign exchange and may enter into derivative transactions, including, without limitation, futures, swaps and 
options. Such financial instruments and investment techniques may also include, but are not limited to, the use of 
leverage, short sales of securities, transactions that involve the lending of securities to financial institutions, the 
entry into repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements for securities and the investment in foreign securities 
and foreign currencies. These investment strategies and financial instruments create the risk of significant losses 
that may adversely affect the value of the fund and therefore the return on the Fund Linked Notes. Potential 
investors should be aware that none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers or the Calculation Agent have any 
control over investments made by a fund and poor performance of a fund may significantly reduce the amount 
payable and/or deliverable (if any) to Holders on cancellation or redemption, as applicable, of any Fund Linked 
Notes. Funds may often be illiquid and may only be traded on a monthly, quarterly or even less frequent basis. 
The trading strategies of funds are often opaque. Funds, as well as the markets and instruments in which they 
invest, are often not subject to review by governmental authorities, self-regulatory organisations or other 
supervisory authorities. Consequently, Holders may be exposed to the volatility in the performance of the relevant 
Funds which may affect the overall return on their investment. 
The Hedging Provider may hedge the Issuer's obligations under Fund Linked Notes without regard to the interests 
of holders 
In hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Fund Linked Notes, the Hedge Provider is not restricted to any 
particular hedging practice. Accordingly, the Hedge Provider may hedge its exposure using any method it, in its 
sole discretion, deems appropriate, including, but not limited to, investing in the relevant fund(s), replicating the 
performance of the relevant fund(s) or holding any of the assets underlying the relevant fund(s). The Hedge 
Provider may perform any number of different hedging practices with respect to Fund Linked Notes and is not 
required to have regard to the interests of holders of Fund Linked Notes, notwithstanding that its actions may 
ultimately result in holders receiving a lower return on their investment. 
The occurrence of Extraordinary Fund Events may adversely affect the value or liquidity of the Fund Linked Notes 
If certain events ("Extraordinary Fund Events") including events in the determination of the Calculation Agent 
occur, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor may, in its sole and absolute discretion, take no action, 
adjust the terms of the Fund Linked Notes to reflect such event, substitute the relevant Fund Shares or redeem the 
Fund Linked Notes. 
Consequently the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event may have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of the Fund Linked Notes. In addition, in the event that redemption proceeds in respect of the underlying Fund 
Shares are not received by the Hedge Provider on or prior to the scheduled date for settlement, such settlement 
date may be postponed for such period as may be specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms and no additional 
amount shall be payable as a result of such delay. 
The Issuer will exercise its rights under the Fund Linked Note Conditions, including in particular the action it 
takes on the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, in its sole and absolute discretion. Subject to all 
regulatory obligations, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Dealer or the Calculation Agent owes any duty or

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
responsibility to any of the Holders of the Fund Linked Notes. The exercise of such rights in such manner may 
result in a greater loss in performance of the Fund Linked Notes than if the Issuer had taken different action. 
A fund may be established as part of a master-feeder fund structure. Generally, a master-feeder fund structure 
involves the incorporation of a "master" fund company into which separate and distinct "feeder" funds invest. 
Active management of any investment strategy is, generally, performed at the master fund level. In instances 
where the fund(s) underlying the relevant Fund Linked Notes are "feeder" funds, the Extraordinary Fund Events 
extend to include the "master" fund and its service providers. 
Risks Relating to ETF Linked Notes 
An investment in ETF Linked Notes is not comparable to an investment in a convential debt security 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon the price 
or changes in the price of units or shares in an exchange traded fund or funds ("ETFs") or, depending on the price 
or changes in the price of units or shares in such ETFs, where the Issuer's obligation on redemption is to deliver a 
specified amount of fund shares ("ETF Linked Notes"). Accordingly an investment in ETF Linked Notes may 
bear similar market risks to a direct ETF investment but also entail significant risks not associated with an 
investment in a conventional ETF investment. Depending on the terms of the ETF Linked Notes (i) no or a limited 
amount of interest may be payable to Holders, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery of any specified 
ETF Shares may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) Holders may lose all or a substantial portion of 
their investment. In addition, the movements in the price of units, shares or interests in the ETFs may be subject 
to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the 
timing of changes in the relevant price of the units or shares in the ETFs may affect the actual yield to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the price or 
prices of the units, shares or interests in the ETFs, the greater the effect on yield and the return for investors. 
Holders will be exposed to the volatility of the market price of ETF Linked Notes 
The market price of ETF Linked Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the redemption 
date and the volatility of the price of units or shares in the ETFs. The price of units or shares in an ETF may be 
affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting 
the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any units or shares in the ETFs may be traded. In addition, the 
price of units or shares in an ETF may be affected by the performance of the fund service providers, and, in 
particular, the investment advisor. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, any affiliate of the Issuer or Guarantor or 
the Calculation Agent make any representation as to the creditworthiness of any relevant ETF or any such fund's 
administrative, custodian, investment manager or adviser.  
The value of ETF Linked Notes is linked to the performance of the underlying ETFs which may affect the overall 
return on investment 
The relevant ETFs may trade and invest in a broad range of investments such as debt and equity securities, 
commodities or commodity indices and foreign exchange and may enter into derivative transactions, including, 
without limitation, futures and options. The relevant ETFs may often be illiquid and may only be traded on a 
monthly, quarterly or even less frequent basis. The trading strategies of ETFs are often opaque. The ETFs, as well 
as the markets and instruments in which they invest, are often not subject to review by governmental authorities, 
self-regulatory organisations or other supervisory authorities. Consequently, Holders may be exposed to the 
volatility in the performance of the ETFs which may affect the overall return on their investment. 
Holders may receive physical delivery of ETF Shares in lieu of payment of cash amounts  
Where the ETF Linked Notes include the right of the Issuer, subject to the fulfilment of a particular condition, to 
redeem such Notes at their maturity by delivering ETF Shares to the purchaser of such Notes, the purchasers will 
receive such ETF Shares rather than a monetary amount upon maturity. Holders will, therefore, be exposed to the 
issuer of such ETF Shares and the risks associated with such ETF Shares. The purchaser should not assume that 
the Noteholder will be able to sell such ETF Shares for a specific price after the redemption of the Notes, and in 
particular not for the purchase price of the ETF Linked Notes. Under certain circumstances the ETF Shares may 
only have a very low value or a value of zero. Noteholders may also be subject to certain documentary or stamp 
taxes in relation to the delivery and/or disposal of such ETF Shares.  
The occurrence of Potential ETF Events or Extraordinary ETF Events may adversely affect the value or liquidity 
of the ETF Linked Notes

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
In the event of the occurrence of certain events ("Potential ETF Events"), the Calculation Agent may seek to 
make adjustments in accordance with the ETF Linked Conditions which may reduce the overall return on 
investment. If certain events ("Extraordinary ETF Events") including events in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent occur, the Issuer may, take no action, require the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, to determine the adjustments (if any) to be made to the terms of the ETF Linked Notes to reflect such 
event, substitute the relevant ETF Shares or redeem the ETF Linked Notes. Consequently the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event may have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of the ETF Linked Notes.  
The Issuer will exercise its rights under the ETF Linked Note Conditions, including in particular the action it takes 
on the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETF Event, in its sole and absolute discretion. Subject to all regulatory 
obligations, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Dealer or the Calculation Agent owes any duty or responsibility 
to any of the Holders of the ETF Linked Notes. The exercise of such rights in such manner may result in a greater 
loss in performance of the ETF Linked Notes than if the Issuer had taken different action. 
Risks Relating to Equity Linked Notes 
Investors have no shareholder rights 
As an owner of Equity Linked Notes, investors will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends, interest 
or other distributions, as applicable, or any other rights with respect to any underlying security or index. 
Risk of automatic early redemption in respect of Equity Linked Notes 
In relation to certain Equity Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes will be automatically redeemed prior to their 
maturity if certain conditions specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms are met. Notes of this type 
have an uncertain maturity date. Where such Notes are redeemed prior to their scheduled maturity date, investors 
may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high 
as that of the equivalent Equity Linked Notes. 
Risks Common to Equity Linked and Inflation Linked Notes 
Investors are exposed to certain key risks, including a loss of all or a substantial portion of their investment 
An investment in Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes entails certain risks as set out below, which may vary 
depending on the specification and type or structure of the Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes. Potential 
investors in Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes should be aware that: 
(a) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal or investment, depending on the performance 
of each relevant underlying security or index; 
(b) 
the market price of such Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes may be very volatile; 
(c) 
investors in Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes may receive no interest; 
(d) 
a relevant underlying security or index may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate 
with changes in securities prices, indices or inflation indices; 
(e) 
any Dividend Index may carry additional specific risks not associated with a normal share index, in 
particular since such index will relate to dividend payments, if any, of relevant reference shares, instead 
of share prices; 
(f) 
if a relevant underlying security or index is applied to Equity Linked Notes in conjunction with a 
multiplier greater than one or contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the relevant 
underlying security or index on principal or interest payable on such Inflation Linked Notes is likely to 
be magnified; and 
(g) 
the timing of changes in a relevant underlying security or index may affect the actual yield to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the 
Relevant underlying security or index, the greater the effect on yield.

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
Equity Linked and Inflation Linked Notes are not ordinary debt securities 
The terms of Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes differ from those of ordinary debt securities because the 
Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes may not pay interest on maturity, depending on the performance of the 
relevant underlying security or notes or may return less than the amount invested or nothing. The price of Equity 
Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Notes may fall in value as rapidly as it may rise, and investors in Equity Linked 
Notes or Inflation Linked Notes may potentially lose all of their investment. 
Prospective investors should refer to the "Investment Considerations" section and in particular the section therein 
entitled "Considerations relating to whether an investment in Equity Linked and Inflation Linked Notes is suitable 
for a particular investor". 
The value of Equity Linked and Inflation Linked Notes may be substantially reduced by unpredictable factors 
The value of the Equity Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Notes may be substantially reduced by several factors 
beyond the Issuer's and the Guarantor's control including: 
1. 
Valuation of the relevant underlying security or index. The market price or value of an Equity Linked 
Note or Inflation Linked Note at any time is expected to be affected primarily by changes in the price, 
level or value of the relevant underlying security or index to which the Equity Linked Notes or Inflation 
Linked Notes are linked. It is impossible to predict how the price, level or value of the relevant underlying 
security or index will vary over time. The historical performance value (if any) of the relevant underlying 
security or index does not indicate the future performance of the relevant underlying security or index. 
Factors which may have an effect on the price, level or value of the relevant underlying security or index 
include the rate of return of the relevant underlying security or index and, where relevant, the financial 
position and prospects of the issuer of the relevant underlying security or index, the market price, level 
or value of the applicable underlying security, index, or inflation index, or basket of securities, indices, 
or inflation indices. In addition, the price, level or value of the relevant underlying security or index may 
depend on a number of inter-related factors, including economic, financial and political events and their 
effect on the capital markets generally and relevant stock exchanges. Potential investors should also note 
that while the value of the Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes is linked to the relevant underlying 
security or index and will be influenced (positively or negatively) by the relevant underlying security or 
index, any change may not be comparable and may be disproportionate. It is possible that while the 
relevant underlying security or index is increasing in value, the value of the Equity Linked Notes or 
Inflation Linked Notes may fall. Further, the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Equity Linked 
Notes or Inflation Linked Notes will allow the Calculation Agent to make adjustments or take any other 
appropriate action if circumstances occur where the Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes or any 
exchanges or price sources are affected by market disruption, adjustment events or circumstances 
affecting normal activities; 
2. 
Volatility. The term "volatility" refers to the actual and anticipated frequency and magnitude of changes 
of the market price, level or value with respect to a relevant underlying security or index. Volatility is 
affected by a number of factors, such as macroeconomic factors (i.e. those economic factors which have 
broad economic effects), speculative trading and supply and demand in the options, futures and other 
derivatives markets. Volatility of a relevant underlying security or index will move up and down over 
time (sometimes more sharply than at other times) and different relevant underlying security or index 
will most likely have separate volatilities at any particular time; 
3. 
Dividend rates and other distributions. The value of certain Equity Linked Notes could, in certain 
circumstances, be affected by fluctuations in the actual or anticipated rates of dividend (if any) or other 
distributions on a relevant underlying security; 
4. 
Interest rates. Investments in the Equity Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Notes may involve interest 
rate risk. The interest rate level may fluctuate on a daily basis and cause the value of the Equity Linked 
Notes or Inflation Linked Notes to change on a daily basis. The interest rate risk is a result of the 
uncertainty with respect to future changes of the market interest rate level. In general, the effects of this 
risk increase as the market interest rates increase; 
5. 
Remaining term. Generally, the effect of pricing factors over the term of Equity Linked Notes or Inflation 
Linked Notes will decrease as the maturity, date approaches. However, this reduction in the effect of 
pricing factors will not necessarily develop consistently up until the maturity date, but may undergo

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
temporary acceleration and/or deceleration. Even if the price, level or value of the relevant underlying 
share or index rises or falls there may be a reduction or increase, as the case may be, in the value of 
Equity Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Notes due to the other value determining factors. Given that the 
term of Equity Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Notes is limited, investors cannot rely on the price, level 
or value of the relevant underlying share or index or the value of the Equity Linked Notes or Inflation 
Linked Notes recovering again prior to maturity; 
6. 
Creditworthiness. Investors are relying upon the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the Guarantor and 
have no rights against any other person. If the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes insolvent, investors may 
suffer potential loss of their entire investment irrespective of any favourable development of the other 
value determining factors, such as a relevant underlying share or index; and 
7. 
Exchange Rates. The value of Equity Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Notes could, in certain 
circumstances, be affected by such factors as fluctuations in the rates of exchange between any currency 
in which any payment in respect of the Equity Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Notes is to be made and 
any currency in which a relevant underlying share or index is traded, appreciation or depreciation of any 
such currencies and any existing or future or governmental or other restrictions on the exchangeability 
of such currencies. Rates of exchange between any relevant currencies which are current rates at the date 
of issue of the Equity Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Notes may not be representative of the relevant 
rates of exchange used in computing the value of the Equity Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Notes at 
any time thereafter. 
Some or all of the above factors will influence the price that investors will receive if an investor sells its Equity 
Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Notes prior to maturity. Investors may have to sell certain Equity Linked Notes 
or Inflation Linked Notes at a substantial discount from the principal amount or investment amount if the market 
price, level or value of the applicable relevant underlying share or index is at, below, or not sufficiently above the 
initial market price, level or value or if market interest rates rise. The secondary market price of the Equity Linked 
Notes or Inflation Linked Notes may be lower than the market value of the issued Equity Linked Notes or Inflation 
Linked Notes as at the Issue Date to take into account, among other things, amounts paid to distributors and other 
intermediaries relating to the issue and sale of the Equity Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Notes and amounts 
relating to the hedging of the Issuer's obligations. As a result of all of these factors, any investor that sells the 
Equity Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Notes before the stated expiration or maturity date, may receive an 
amount in the secondary market which may be less than the then intrinsic market value of the Equity Linked Notes 
or Inflation Linked Notes and which may also be less than the amount and/or the value of the assets (if any) the 
investor would have received had the investor held the Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes through to 
maturity. 
Market Disruption Events and Disrupted Days may result in adjustments and/or early redemption of Notes 
The Calculation Agent may determine that a Market Disruption Event or a failure to open of an Exchange or 
Related Exchange has occurred or exists on a relevant date of valuation, and any consequential postponement of 
such date of valuation may have an adverse effect on the value of the Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes. 
In addition, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes to account 
for relevant adjustments or events in relation to the relevant underlying share or index including, but not limited 
to, determining a successor to the relevant underlying share or index or its sponsor (in the case of an index). In 
addition, in certain circumstances, the Issuer may redeem the Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes prior to the 
Maturity Date following any such event. In this case, in relation to each Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Note, 
the Issuer will pay an amount, if any, determined as provided in the Terms and Conditions. 
There may be correlation risk in the use of Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes as hedging instruments 
Any person intending to use Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes as a hedging instrument should recognise 
the "correlation risk" of doing this. Correlation risk is the potential differences in exposure for a potential investor 
that may arise from the ownership of more than one financial instrument. Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes 
may not hedge exactly a relevant underlying security or index or portfolio of which a relevant security or index 
forms a part. In addition, it may not be possible to liquidate Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes at a price 
which directly reflects the price, level or value of the relevant underlying security or index or portfolio of which 
a share or index forms part. Potential investors should not rely on the ability to conclude transactions during the 
term of the Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes to offset or limit the relevant risks. This depends on the 
market situation and the specific relevant underlying security or index conditions. It is possible that such

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
transactions will only be concluded at an unfavourable market price, resulting in a corresponding loss for the 
Noteholder. 
There are additional risks in relation to Equity Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Notes linked to a single emerging 
market security, a single emerging market index, or a basket of securities or a basket of indices composed, in part 
or in whole, of emerging market securities or indices 
Fluctuations in the trading prices of the underlying emerging market equity will affect the value of Equity Linked 
Notes or Inflation Linked Notes. Changes may result over time from the interaction of many factors directly or 
indirectly affecting economic and political conditions in the related countries or member nations, including 
economic and political developments in other countries. Of particular importance to potential risks are: (i) rates 
of inflation; (ii) interest rate levels; (iii) balance of payments; and (iv) the extent of governmental surpluses or 
deficits in the relevant country. All of these factors are, in turn, sensitive to the monetary, fiscal and trade policies 
pursued by the related countries, the governments of the related countries and member nations (if any), and other 
countries important to international trade and finance. Government intervention could materially and adversely 
affect the value of such Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes. Governments use a variety of techniques, such 
as intervention by their central bank or imposition of regulatory controls or taxes to affect the trading of the 
underlying equity. Thus, a special risk in purchasing such Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes is that their 
trading value and amount payable and/or the value of the assets (if any) deliverable at maturity could be affected 
by the actions of governments, fluctuations in response to other market forces and the movement of currencies 
across borders. Emerging markets stocks may be more volatile than the stocks in more developed markets. 
Liquidity may affect the pricing of the relevant underlying security or index on Equity Linked and Inflation Linked 
Note 
The Issuer's and its affiliates' hedging costs tend to be higher the less liquidity the relevant underlying security or 
index has or the greater the difference between the "buy" and "sell" prices for the relevant underlying security or 
index or derivatives contracts referenced to the relevant underlying security or index. When quoting prices for 
Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes, the Issuer will factor in such hedging costs and will pass them on to the 
Noteholders by incorporating them into the "buy" and "sell" prices. Thus, Noteholders selling their Equity Linked 
or Inflation Linked Notes on an exchange or on the over-the-counter market may be doing so at a price that is 
substantially lower than the actual value of the Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes at the time of sale. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may deal with underlying companies but do not control them 
The Issuer or the Guarantor or their respective subsidiaries may presently or from time to time engage in business 
with any underlying company, including entering into loans with, or making equity investments in, the underlying 
company or its affiliates or subsidiaries or providing investment advisory services to the underlying company, 
including merger and acquisition advisory services. Moreover, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has the ability 
to control or predict the actions of the underlying company or index publisher, including any actions, or 
reconstitution of index components, of the type that would require the calculation agent to adjust the payout to the 
investor at maturity.   
Fluctuations in the value of components of underlying securities or indices may be offset by other fluctuations and 
there may be exchange rate risk 
Fluctuations in the value of any one component of the relevant underlying security or index may, where applicable, 
be offset or intensified by fluctuations in the value of other components. Where the value of the components of 
the relevant underlying security or index is determined in a different currency to the value of the relevant 
underlying security or index, investors may be exposed to exchange rate risk. 
Exchange rates and exchange controls may affect the value or return of the Equity Linked or Inflation Linked 
Notes 
Investors in an Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Note denominated in, or the return on which is linked to value 
for a relevant underlying security or index denominated in currencies other than an investor's home currency are 
exposed to the risk of significant changes in rates of exchange between its home currency and the other relevant 
currencies and the possibility of the imposition or modification of exchange controls by the relevant governmental 
authorities. These risks generally depend on economic and political events over which the Issuer has no control. 
Depreciation against the investor's home currency or the currency of the return on an Equity Linked or Inflation 
Linked Note would result in a decrease in the effective yield of the Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Note below 
its coupon rate and could result in an overall loss to an investor on the basis of the investor's home currency.

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
In addition, investors in UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes should understand that the payments in respect of the 
UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes are adjusted by reference to the UVR Index in effect on the applicable payment 
date and so the return for investors is exposed to fluctuations in that rate. In addition if certain changes are made 
in relation to such rate and other factors then the Calculation Agent is entitled to determine consequential 
adjustments to the Conditions or to determine that the Notes will be repayable at the Early Redemption Amount. 
In either case this means that investors will be exposed to the risk that such changes to the relevant UVR rate 
occur and this may reduce the return on the Notes for investors. 
Risks relating to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
Investors may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or 
delivery of assets may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected and (iii) they may lose a 
substantial portion or all of their investment. In addition, movements in currency exchange rates may be subject 
to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of 
changes in the exchange rates may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with 
their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in currency exchange rates, the greater the effect on yield. 
Movements in the foreign exchange rate(s) to which the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes are linked 
may adversely affect the value of and return on the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon movements 
in currency exchange rates or are payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in 
which the Notes are denominated ("Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes"). Accordingly an investment 
in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct foreign exchange 
investment. 
The foreign exchange rate(s) to which the Notes are linked will affect the nature and value of the investment return 
on the Notes. The performance of foreign exchange rates are dependent upon the supply and demand for currencies 
in the international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, including inflation rates in 
the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective countries, economic forecasts, 
international political factors, currency convertibility and safety of making financial investments in the currency 
concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and central banks. Such measures include, without 
limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an existing currency, 
alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency or 
imposition of exchange controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a specified currency that would affect 
exchange rates and the availability of a specified currency. Where the Notes are linked to the currency of an 
emerging market jurisdiction, such risks may be magnified – see "Risks in relation to emerging market currencies" 
below. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates and 
are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the 
effect of changes in the currency exchange rates on principal or interest payable will be magnified.  
The occurrence of disruption events may result in the restriction or variation of payments and other obligations 
under the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
Payments of principal and interest or other obligations of the Issuer in respect of any Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Notes may be restricted or varied upon the occurrence of certain disruption events applicable to the Notes. 
A relevant disruption event for an exchange rate may relate to the inability to obtain a price for the exchange rate 
from the applicable price source(s), illiquidity, the split of any relevant currency into a dual exchange rate, 
inconvertibility, non-transferability, a material change in circumstances in the jurisdiction of the Subject Currency 
that makes it impossible to fulfil certain hedging arrangements, a nationalisation or variations in the prices quoted 
for the exchange on different sources being greater than a specified percentage threshold (or not quoted for by 
members of a survey used to determine such source) if specified for that rate in the terms and conditions of the 
Notes and/or the Applicable Transaction Terms.   
Following a relevant disruption event, the applicable valuation date may be postponed so long as the relevant 
disruption event continues, the Calculation Agent may determine the applicable exchange rate, the Notes may be 
redeemed early (or on the originally designated date) by payment of the applicable early redemption amount rather

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
than any amount that would have otherwise been calculated in respect of and due on the relevant date, the related 
date for payment or delivery may be deferred so long as the relevant disruption event continues or a fallback 
reference price source or sources may be used to calculate the rate instead of the originally designated price source. 
Consequently, investors are exposed to the risk of an adverse effect on (i) the value of, and/or amounts or assets 
due in respect of, the Notes due to the occurrence of any disruption event and application of the related disruption 
fallback(s); or (ii) an investor's investment schedule, timetable or plans if any due date for payment and/or delivery 
under the Notes is postponed as a consequence of a disruption event. 
Risks in relation to emerging market currencies 
Where the Notes are denominated in an emerging market currency or linked to one or more emerging market 
currency, amounts determined to be due or deliverable in respect of such Notes may be significantly more volatile 
and subject to less certainty as to future rates than if the Notes were linked to currencies of more developed 
markets. For example, emerging markets' currencies are highly exposed to the risk of a currency crisis occurring 
in the future. 
In particular, policies or actions of any relevant governments of the jurisdictions of the Subject Currencies and 
Base Currencies (the "Currency Jurisdictions") could adversely affect the relevant exchange rate(s) (such as 
through market interventions of their central banks or equivalent bodies; governmental action which changes or 
interferes with currency valuations or currency fluctuations that would otherwise occur in response to economic 
forces; and restrictions on foreign investment and currency convertibility or movement across borders). 
Non-governmental action may also directly or indirectly adversely affect the relevant exchange rates (such as 
through weak overall growth and performance of each applicable Currency Jurisdiction's economy and stock 
exchanges; political, economic and social uncertainty, including risks of nationalisation and expropriation of 
assets and natural disasters; or wars which affect any Currency Jurisdiction directly or indirectly). 
Investors should note that the risk of occurrence and the severity of consequence of the matters described above 
may be greater with respect to any emerging market jurisdiction than they otherwise would be in relation to more 
developed countries. Economies in emerging markets are generally more heavily dependent upon international 
trade, and accordingly, may be affected adversely by trade barriers, foreign exchange controls (including taxes), 
managed adjustments in relative currency values and other protectionist measures imposed or negotiated with 
countries with which they trade.  
The occurrence of any of the above circumstances may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes and 
amounts due or assets deliverable, or the date for payment thereunder. 
General risks relating to Credit Linked Notes 
Investors are exposed to the credit worthiness of Reference Entities and may lose all or a substantial portion of 
their investment 
The Issuer may issue Credit Linked Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent 
upon whether certain events (each a "Credit Event") have occurred in respect of one or more specified entities (a 
"Reference Entity") and, if so, on the value of certain specified assets ("Reference Obligations") of the 
Reference Entity or where, if such events have occurred, on redemption the Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain 
specified assets ("Deliverable Obligations"). The occurrence of certain events or circumstances, in each case as 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, will affect the value of Credit Linked Notes and the Issuer's 
obligation to pay principal may be replaced by an obligation to pay other amounts calculated by reference to the 
value of the Reference Obligation(s) and/or to deliver the Deliverable Obligation(s) and, upon the payment of 
such amounts or the delivery of such Deliverable Obligation(s), any claims or rights of the Noteholders relating 
to payment shall be extinguished.  
The Issuer's obligations in respect of Credit Linked Notes are not dependent on the existence or amount of credit 
exposure of the Issuer and/or any affiliates to a Reference Entity and the Issuer and/or any affiliates need not 
suffer any loss nor provide evidence of any loss as a result of the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
Potential investors in Credit Linked Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Credit Linked 
Notes, (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in 
an early redemption of their Notes, (iii) payment of principal or interest or delivery of any specified assets may 
occur at a different time than expected, and (iv) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment.

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
Credit Linked Notes are volatile investments 
The market price of Credit Linked Notes may be volatile and will be affected by, among other things, the time 
remaining to the maturity date and the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity which in turn may be affected by 
the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions. Such volatility may mean that investors 
are unable to sell the Credit Linked Notes or receive a price which is substantially lower than the value of their 
original investment. 
There may be no or a limited market for the Credit Linked Notes and for the obligations of the Reference Entity 
There may exist at times only small or no markets for the Notes and for the obligations of the Reference Entity to 
which the Notes are linked, resulting in low or non-existent volumes of trading in the Notes and such obligations, 
and therefore a lack of liquidity and price volatility of the Notes and such obligations. 
Noteholders may receive Deliverable Obligations which are of low value or in default 
In the event of a Credit Event, Noteholders may receive Deliverable Obligations which may be in default. In this 
case, under the terms of the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Issuer will be free to deliver any obligations of the 
Reference Entity in respect of which such Credit Event has occurred (whether as principal, guarantor or otherwise) 
which satisfy the requirements for a Deliverable Obligation. Since the Deliverable Obligations will be issued, 
guaranteed or insured (as applicable in the context of the relevant Notes) by the Reference Entity affected by a 
Credit Event, the value of such Deliverable Obligations at the relevant time may be considerably less than would 
be the case if a Credit Event had not occurred and such obligations may be in default at the time of delivery. 
Further, in selecting such obligations the Issuer will not be required to consider the interests of the Noteholders 
or mitigate the Noteholders' losses. The Issuer may have complete discretion to select the cheapest obligations of 
the Reference Entity so long as such obligations satisfy the requirements for a Deliverable Obligation. 
The Calculation Agent may take action and make decisions which may be adverse to the interests of Noteholders 
In selecting any Reference Obligations hereunder, the Calculation Agent is under no obligation to the Noteholders 
or any other person and, provided that the obligation selected meets the applicable criteria (if any), is entitled, and 
indeed will endeavour, to select obligations with the lowest or highest price (depending on who is the buyer) of 
any obligations which meet such criteria. In making any selection, the Calculation Agent will not be liable to 
account to the Noteholders or any other person for any profit or other benefit to it or any of its affiliates which 
may result directly or indirectly from any such selection. 
In selecting any substitute Reference Entity, any Valuation Date, any Quotation Amount or any Valuation Time 
or in making any other selection in accordance with the terms of the Notes, the Calculation Agent is under no 
obligation to the Noteholders or any other person and provided that the relevant selection meets the criteria 
specified, the Calculation Agent will not be liable to account to the Noteholders or any other person for any profit 
or other benefit to it or any of its affiliates which may result directly or indirectly from any such selection. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates may take action which may have an adverse effect on a Reference 
Entity and may not disclose all information 
In addition, the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates may, for their own account and for the account of 
customers, engage in any kind of transactions and other business directly or indirectly involving a Reference 
Entity and may act with respect to such business in the same manner as it would if the Notes had not been issued, 
regardless of whether any such action might have an adverse effect directly or indirectly on a Reference Entity. 
The Issuer and its affiliates may on the Issue Date of the Notes or at any time thereafter be in possession of 
information in relation to a Reference Entity that is or may be material in the context of the issue of Notes and 
that may not be publicly available or known to the purchasers. There is no obligation on the part of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or their affiliates to disclose to the Noteholders any such relationship or information. 
Credit Events are likely to entail adverse consequences for Noteholders and the Calculation Agent's determination 
will be binding on Noteholders 
Upon the occurrence of a Credit Event, there is a risk of the loss of a substantial portion, or all, of the principal 
amount of the Notes. If a Credit Event Notice is served in connection with a Credit Event of a Reference Entity, 
the Notes may be subject to redemption at a price which may be at a considerable discount to par and could be 
zero. Prospective investors therefore risk losing all principal and interest on the Notes. Noteholders will have no 
right to vote or exercise any other right or remedy with respect to the Reference Entity(ies) or any of its obligations.

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
In the event of early redemption following the occurrence of a Credit Event, the Notes will either (i) cease to bear 
interest from the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Credit Event Determination Date if "Accrual 
of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as Not Applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, or (ii) cease to 
bear interest from the Credit Event Determination Date if "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as 
being Applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Not all of the Credit Events require an actual default with respect to the Reference Entity's(ies') obligations. Thus, 
Noteholders could bear losses based on deterioration in the credit of the Reference Entity(ies) short of a default, 
subject to the provisions set out in the Applicable Transaction Terms. Also, not all of the Credit Events are 
triggered by events which are easily ascertainable and disputes can and have arisen as to whether a specific event 
with respect to a Credit Event did or did not constitute a Credit Event. The Calculation Agent's determination that 
a Credit Event has or has not occurred will be binding on the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent's view of 
whether a Credit Event has occurred may be different from the view of the Noteholders or other financial 
institutions, rating agencies or commentators. 
Physical delivery may be delayed or replaced by a payment obligation 
Where the Notes provide for physical delivery or where Auction Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method 
and physical delivery is the applicable Fallback Settlement Method (each as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms), the Issuer may determine that the Deliverable Obligations are either (a) assets which for any 
reason (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court 
order, contractual restrictions, statutory restrictions or market conditions but excluding the non-receipt of any 
requisite consents with respect to the delivery of assets which are loans or non-delivery of an Asset Transfer 
Notice or any information by a Noteholder) it is impossible or illegal to deliver on the Credit Settlement Date 
("Undeliverable Obligations"), or (b) assets which the Issuer and/or any affiliate and/or agent has not received 
under the terms of any underlying or related asset(s), transaction(s) and/or trading position(s) or arrangements 
entered into by the Issuer and/or such Affiliate and/or agent (including, if applicable, on a portfolio basis) to hedge, 
directly or indirectly and whether in whole or in part, the credit or other price risk or funding of the Issuer in 
issuing and performing its obligations in respect of the Notes ("Hedge Disruption Obligations"). In accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 21 (Physical Delivery), any such determination may delay settlement in respect of 
the Notes and/or cause the obligation to deliver such specified assets to be replaced by an obligation to pay a cash 
amount (in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 9 (Partial Cash Settlement)), which, in either case, may 
affect the value of the Notes and, in the case of payment of a cash amount, will affect the timing of the valuation 
of such Notes and, as a result, the amount of the relevant amount payable on redemption. Whether and how such 
provisions apply to the relevant Notes can be ascertained by reading the Credit Linked Conditions in conjunction 
with the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
The Credit Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption 
In certain circumstances, in the event that the Calculation Agent is unable to identify a Substitute Reference 
Obligation prior to the Extension Date, the Issuer shall have the right on or after the Extension Date to early 
redeem the Notes at the Early Redemption Amount (determined by the Calculation Agent taking into account the 
creditworthiness of the Reference Entity at the time of early redemption) by notice to Noteholders which may 
have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
An investment in Credit Linked Notes is not equivalent to investing in a credit default swap incorporating the 
2014 ISDA Definitions and the provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions herein may be modified 
This Base Prospectus contains Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes with terms based on the 
2014 Credit Derivatives Definitions (the "2014 ISDA Definitions"). The Issuer has determined that certain 
provisions of the 2014 ISDA Definitions, which are intended for use by market participants in "over the counter" 
transactions, require amendment when incorporated in the terms of an offering of securities such as the Notes. 
The terms and conditions of the Notes also afford the Calculation Agent and the Issuer (as applicable) discretion 
in respect of determining certain terms that differ in substance in comparison to corresponding terms contemplated 
in the 2014 ISDA Definitions, including, without limitation, the date on which a Credit Event Determination Date, 
the Credit Settlement Date or Valuation Date will fall (which may be determined, inter alia, by reference to the 
hedging arrangements), and the Settlement Suspension provisions or determination of the Quotation Amount. 
Therefore, a prospective investor should understand that the complete terms and conditions of the Notes are as set 
out in this Base Prospectus and the Applicable Transaction Terms and that the 2014 ISDA Definitions are not 
incorporated by reference herein. Consequently, investing in Credit Linked Notes is not necessarily equivalent to 
investing in a credit default swap that incorporates the 2014 ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
While ISDA has published the 2014 ISDA Definitions in order to facilitate transactions and promote uniformity 
in the credit derivatives market, the credit derivatives market has evolved over time and is expected to continue 
to change. Consequently, the 2014 ISDA Definitions and the terms applied to credit derivatives, including the 
Notes are subject to further evolution. Past events have shown that the view of market participants may differ as 
to how the 2014 ISDA Definitions operate or should operate. As a result of the continued evolution of the market, 
the Notes may not conform to future market standards. Such a result may have a negative impact on the Notes. 
Furthermore, changes to the terms applicable to credit derivatives are not always predictable and may be may be 
unfavourable to the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Noteholders. 
Pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 18, the Calculation Agent may from time to time amend any provision of the 
Credit Linked Conditions: 
(i) 
to incorporate and/or reflect further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time published 
by ISDA with respect to the documentation, trading or settlement of credit derivative transactions and/or 
the operation or application of determinations by the ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees; and/or 
(ii) 
in any manner which the Calculation Agent determines in a commercially reasonable manner is necessary 
or desirable to reflect or account for market practice for credit derivative transactions and/or reflect the 
Hedging Arrangements of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates. 
The Auction Final Price may be less than the market value of the Reference Obligation 
Where the Settlement Method specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of a Series of Notes is 
Auction Settlement and an Auction Final Price Determination Date occurs, the Auction Final Price will be 
determined according to an auction procedure set out in the applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, a 
form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from 
time to time and may be amended from time to time. The Auction Final Price determined pursuant to an auction 
may be less than the market value that would otherwise have been determined in respect of the relevant Reference 
Obligation. The Issuer and the Noteholders may have little or no influence in the outcome of any such auction. 
The Calculation Agent and its affiliates may influence the determination of the Auction Final Price without regard 
to the interests of Noteholders 
If the Notes are redeemed following the occurrence of a Credit Event, the amount payable in respect of the Notes 
may be determined by reference to the Auction Final Price determined according to an auction procedure set out 
in the applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. There is a possibility that the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or one of their affiliates would act as a participating bidder in any such auction. In such capacity, it may 
take certain actions which may influence the Auction Final Price including (without limitation): (a) providing 
rates of conversion to determine the applicable currency conversion rates to be used to convert any obligations 
which are not denominated in the auction currency into such currency for the purposes of the auction; and (b) 
submitting bids, offers and physical settlement requests with respect to the relevant Deliverable Obligations or 
Valuation Obligations, as applicable. In deciding whether to take any such action (or whether to act as a 
participating bidder in any auction), neither the Calculation Agent nor any of its affiliates shall be under an 
obligation to consider the interests of any Noteholders. 
Noteholders will be bound by decisions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
In respect of a Credit Event relating to a Credit Linked Note, prospective purchasers should note that the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has the power to make binding decisions on critical issues such as whether 
a Credit Event has occurred, which obligations are to be valued and whether an auction should take place in 
accordance with and as more fully described in the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as 
published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as 
amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. Consequently, the payments on the Notes and 
the timing of any such payments may be affected by any such relevant decisions if Auction Settlement is specified 
as the applicable Settlement Method for a Series of Notes in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent or any of its affiliates may act as an "Eligible Market 
Participant" and deliver a notice to ISDA pursuant to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules (the "DC Rules") provide that any "Eligible Market 
Participant", is permitted to deliver a notice to ISDA requesting that the Credit Derivatives Determinations

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
Committee resolves certain matters in respect of a relevant credit derivatives transaction, including those as set 
out in the definitions of "Credit Event Resolution Request Date", "Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" 
and "Successor Resolution Request Date" in Credit Linked Condition 12 (Definitions applicable to Credit Linked 
Notes) below. An Eligible Market Participant is (i) any party that is a party to a credit derivatives transaction that 
has, or is deemed to have, incorporated the 2014 ISDA Definitions or the updated 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (being the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as supplemented by the "2009 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees and Auction Settlement Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions" or the "2009 ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, Auction Settlement and 
Restructuring Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions", as applicable) into the relevant 
confirmation (which may include, where applicable, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent or one of 
their affiliates) or (ii) any CCP (as defined in the DC Rules) that has an open interest in any such credit derivatives 
transaction. The delivery of any such notice and any subsequent resolution made by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee may affect the rights of Noteholders to receive payments of interests and principal 
under the relevant Notes, including a reduction in those payments and/or such payments being made on a date 
which is earlier or later than would otherwise be the case. Subject to regulatory obligations, none of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent or any of its affiliates will take into account interests of Noteholders if 
acting as an Eligible Market Participant. 
There is a risk that the Notes could be affected by a Credit Event or succession that took place prior to the Trade 
Date 
In respect of a Credit Event relating to a Series of Credit Linked Notes, a Credit Event will not be determined by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee unless a request is submitted to ISDA for the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to consider whether the relevant event constitutes a Credit Event within 
60 calendar days of the occurrence of such potential Credit Event unless a Credit Event Determination Date has 
already occurred with respect to such event. For the purposes of the succession provisions the look-back period is 
90 calendar days and functions similarly. These provisions mean that there is a time limit on the ability to act on 
a Credit Event or succession and that it is possible that the Notes could be affected by a Credit Event or succession 
that took place prior to the Trade Date if Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method for 
a Series of Notes in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Risks relating to Settlement Suspension, adjustments and Interest Provisions 
The Credit Linked Conditions provide that, if, following the determination of a Credit Event Determination Date 
but prior to the Maturity Date or the Credit Settlement Date, the DC Secretary publicly announces that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened to determine whether a Credit Event has occurred, the 
Calculation Agent may at its option determine that the applicable timing requirements of the Credit Linked 
Conditions and the definitions of Credit Event Redemption Date, Valuation Date, Physical Settlement Period, and 
any other Credit Linked Condition as determined by the Calculation Agent, shall toll and be suspended and remain 
suspended (such period of suspension, a "Suspension Period") until such time as ISDA subsequently publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved (a) that a Credit Event has 
or has not occurred or (b) not to determine such matters. Once ISDA has publicly announced that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has made such resolution, the relevant timing requirements of the 
Credit Linked Conditions that have previously tolled or been suspended shall resume on the Business Day 
following such public announcement by ISDA. 
In the event of any such Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent may make (i) such consequential or other 
adjustment(s) or determination(s) to or in relation to the Credit Linked Conditions as may be desirable or required 
either during or following any relevant Suspension Period to account for or reflect such suspension and (ii) 
determine the effective date of such adjustment(s) or determination(s). 
In the case of interest bearing Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest calculated in accordance with Note 
Condition 5 (Interest Provisions) and the Credit Linked Conditions provided that: 
(a) 
if a Suspension Period falls in any one or more Interest Period(s), then no interest shall accrue during 
each portion of an Interest Period during which a Suspension Period exists; and 
(b) 
if an Interest Payment Date falls in a Suspension Period, such Interest Payment Date will be deferred 
until after the end of the Suspension Period.

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
Failure to deliver an Asset Transfer Notice in respect of physically settled Credit Linked Notes may result in a 
Noteholder receiving its share of the Asset Amount 
Where, in respect of any Credit Linked Notes, Physical Settlement is specified as the relevant Settlement Method 
or applies as the relevant Fallback Settlement Method, and a Noteholder does not deliver a valid Asset Transfer 
Notice as contemplated under the Credit Linked Conditions, the Issuer may, but is not required to, elect to deliver 
to the relevant clearance system(s) the aggregate Asset Amount in respect of such Notes, to be divided between 
and delivered to the relevant Noteholders by the relevant clearance system(s) in accordance with the rules of the 
relevant clearance system(s). 
Risks relating to EUA Contract Linked Notes 
The occurrence of a Market Disruption Event relating to EUA Contract Linked Notes may have an adverse impact 
on Noteholders  
If a Market Disruption Event (as defined in EUA Contract Linked Condition 2 (Market Disruption)) occurs or is 
continuing on a date for valuation in respect of EUA Contract Linked Notes, then the Issuer may take no action, 
require the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, to determine the adjustments (if any) to be made 
to the terms of the EUA Contract Linked Notes to reflect such event, or redeem the EUA Contract Linked Notes. 
Any such adjustment or early redemption of the Notes may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of 
such Notes and accordingly the amount Noteholders can expect to receive on their investment. 
Additional risks associated with EUA Contract Linked Notes 
Trading in carbon emissions is a developing market and is highly speculative and volatile. The carbon emissions 
trading market has been and may again be subject to temporary distortions or other disruptions due to various 
factors, including the lack of liquidity in the market, the participation of speculators and government regulation 
and intervention. In addition, in respect of the emissions trading market in Europe, EU allowances have allegedly 
been stolen or "phished" from the national registries of several European countries and from the carbon trading 
accounts of market participants. This has caused severe market disruption in the European carbon trading market 
with delivery of EU allowances suspended for significant periods. Any such disruption in the future would have 
a detrimental impact on the value or settlement of EUA Contract Linked Notes referencing EUA Contracts. 
The Hedging Provider may hedge the Issuer's obligations under EUA Contract Linked Notes without regard to 
the interests of holders 
In hedging the Issuer's obligations under the EUA Contract Linked Notes, the Hedge Provider is not restricted to 
any particular hedging practice. Accordingly, the Hedge Provider may hedge its exposure using any method it, in 
its sole discretion, deems appropriate, including, but not limited to, investing in the EU emissions allowance 
contract(s) or trading in, and holding, any EU Allowance(s). The Hedge Provider may perform any number of 
different hedging practices with respect to EUA Contract Linked Notes and is not required to have regard to the 
interests of holders of EUA Contract Linked Notes, notwithstanding that its actions may ultimately result in 
holders receiving a lower return on their investment. 
4. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
Transfers of Implicit Yield Notes other than Book-Entry Notes to or by Spanish Individuals will be null and 
void 
The sale, transfer or acquisition of Implicit Yield Notes (as defined in Condition 8 of the "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes") other than Book-Entry Notes, including, but not limited to, Zero Coupon Notes, to or by individuals 
(personas físicas) who are tax resident in Spain (each a "Spanish Individual") is forbidden in all cases. Any 
transfer of Implicit Yield Notes other than Book-Entry Notes to or by Spanish Individuals is not permitted and 
such transfer will be considered null and void by the Issuer and the Guarantor. Accordingly, neither the Issuer nor 
the Guarantor will (i) recognise any Spanish Individual as an owner of Implicit Yield Notes other than as an owner 
of Book-Entry Notes or (ii) list any Implicit Yield Notes other than Book-Entry Notes on AIAF, and Spanish 
Individuals who are Noteholders may lose all or a substantial part of their investment on such Notes. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
any such "benchmarks"

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
A number of interest rates and other published values, indices which are "benchmarks", (including the London 
interbank offered rate ("LIBOR") and the euro interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR") and other types of indices 
such as indices comprised of interest rates, equities, funds, foreign exchange rates and combinations thereof) are 
the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark.   
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") was published in the Official Journal of the EU 
on 29 June 2016 and mostly applied, subject to certain transitional provisions, from 1 January 2018. The 
Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and 
the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Guarantor) of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark 
in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators 
that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent 
or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. More 
broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
In addition to so-called "critical benchmark" indices, such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign 
exchange rates, and indices, including equity, commodity and "proprietary" indices or strategies, will in most 
cases be within scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, 
as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value of, certain financial 
instruments (including securities listed on an EU or UK regulated market, EU or UK multilateral trading facility, 
EU or UK organised trading facility or via a systematic internaliser). The sustainability of LIBOR has been 
questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active underlying markets and possible disincentives (including 
possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks 
and similarly, EURIBOR is undergoing reforms.  
Amongst other developments, relevant authorities are strongly encouraging the transition away from Interbank 
Offered Rates ("IBORs"), such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, and have identified "risk free rates" to eventually take 
the place of such IBORs as primary benchmarks. This includes (i) for sterling LIBOR, a reformed Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), so that SONIA may be established as the primary sterling interest rate 
benchmark by the end of 2021, (ii) for EONIA and EURIBOR, a new Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR") as the new 
euro risk free rate, and (iii) for USD LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") to be established 
as the primary U.S. dollar interest rate benchmark. The risk free rates have a different methodology and other 
important differences from the IBORs they will eventually replace and have little, if any, historical track record 
and may be subject to changes in their methodology. It is not known whether certain IBORs will continue long-
term in their current form. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on Notes linked to any such rates. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on 
certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
benchmark. 
In addition to referencing IBOR rates for purposes of the Notes, the Issuer may reference swap rates, such as 
constant maturity swaps or "CMS" rates. These rates are determined by reference to market interest rate swap 
transactions that use an IBOR rate as one of the underlying components. Therefore, there is uncertainty about the

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
future of such swap rates and generally these are likely to become unavailable at or about the time the related 
IBOR rates become non-representative. 
In addition, under the terms of the Notes a General Administrator/Benchmark Event may arise if any of the 
following circumstances occurs or will occur: (1) a benchmark is materially changed or cancelled, (2)(i) the 
relevant authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in respect of the 
benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the benchmark is not obtained, (ii) an application for authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is 
rejected or (iii) any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is 
suspended or inclusion in any official register is withdrawn or (3) it is not commercially reasonable to continue 
use of the benchmark due to licensing restrictions or increased licence costs or (4) a regulatory supervisor 
announces the benchmark is no longer, or as of a specified future date, will no longer be, representative of any 
relevant underlying market(s). The occurrence of a General Administrator/Benchmark Event may cause the Issuer 
to adjust the terms and conditions of the Notes or early redeem the Notes. 
The Issuer has a wide discretion in making any adjustments following a General Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
Such adjustments may include selecting one or more successor benchmarks and making related adjustments to 
the Notes, including the application of an adjustment spread and, if applicable, adjustments to reflect increased 
costs. Such adjustments may result in payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, 
the payments that would have been made on the Notes if the original rate had continued to be published in its 
original form and used for the purposes of the Notes.  
It is possible that a General Administrator/Benchmark Event or details of it are announced significantly in advance 
of action being appropriate in relation to the relevant Notes. The Issuer is only obliged to notify investors once it 
has determined the action to be taken as a result of the relevant event. 
On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA"), the authorised and regulated administrator 
of LIBOR announced its intention to cease the publication of all 35 LIBOR settings on 31 December 2021, or for 
certain USD LIBOR settings, on 30 June 2023 (the "IBA Announcement"). The IBA notified the Financial 
Conduct Authority ("FCA") of its intention and on the same date, the FCA published an announcement on the 
future cessation and loss of representativeness of the 35 LIBOR settings (the "FCA Announcement"). For any 
Notes where the reference rate or benchmark is a LIBOR, the IBA Announcement and/or the FCA Announcement 
may constitute a General Administrator/Benchmark Event and/or a Reference Rate Event, which will entitle the 
Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to make certain determinations and/or adjustments in respect of the Notes or 
may early redeem the Notes as described above, irrespective of the fact that such announcements have occurred 
prior to the Issue Date.  
Whilst fallback provisions in respect of such Notes may have been triggered prior to the Issue Date, the effective 
date and consequences of such fallbacks as applied by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent may not take effect 
until significantly after the date of such announcements. Investors should ensure that they read the fallback 
provisions applicable to their particular Notes and the related risk factors in light of this possibility. 
While the FCA is consulting on the possibility of a synthetic LIBOR rate for certain currencies and tenors of 
LIBOR, there is uncertainty about whether any such synthetic rate will be provided, UK supervised entities may 
be prohibited from using a synthetic rate in certain circumstances and any synthetic rate will be limited in duration. 
Reference Rate Event 
A Reference Rate Event may arise if, among other things, any of the following circumstances occurs or will occur: 
(1) a benchmark is materially changed or cancelled or its use is prohibited, or (2)(i) any authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in respect of the benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of the benchmark is not obtained, is rejected or refused or is withdrawn or suspended, (ii) the benchmark 
or the administrator or sponsor of the benchmark is not included in or is removed from an official register or does 
not fulfil any required legal or regulatory requirement, (iii) there is an official announcement that the administrator 
of the relevant benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide such Reference Rate and there is no successor 
administrator, (iv) the relevant benchmark is no longer representative or, as of a future specified date, will no 
longer be representative of any relevant underlying market and economic reality that it is intended to measure or 
(v) any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event”.  
For any Notes that use a Reference Rate and where ISDA Determination applies, the Priority Fallback following 
a Reference Rate Event may refer to actions that would be taken for a Floating Rate under an interest rate swap

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Supplement 70 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the "ISDA IBOR 
Fallbacks Supplement") includes fallbacks which will replace any Floating Rate that is a Relevant IBOR in 
circumstances broadly similar to a Reference Rate Event: in broad terms a permanent cessation of that Relevant 
IBOR and, for LIBOR floating rates, an announcement that such Relevant IBOR is no longer representative. The 
ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement also includes fallbacks in the event that a Relevant IBOR is temporarily 
unavailable. "Relevant IBORs" include GBP LIBOR, CHF LIBOR, USD LIBOR, EUR LIBOR, EURIBOR, JPY 
LIBOR, TIBOR, BBSW, CDOR, HIBOR, SOR, and THBFIX. Once the relevant trigger event takes effect, the 
Floating Rate will fall back to a term adjusted risk-free rate for the relevant currency plus a spread. It should be 
noted that the ISDA IBORs Fallbacks Supplement will not cover all possible Floating Rates and this risk factor 
should be read accordingly. 
Potential investors in any Notes that reference a Reference Rate should be aware that if one of more Priority 
Fallback(s) are specified in the definition of the relevant Floating Rate Option, then if a Reference Rate Cessation 
has occurred, where ISDA Determination applies the fallbacks in the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement shall 
apply, unless the Calculation Agent determines that (i) such application and/or any related adjustments would not 
achieve a commercially reasonable result for either the Issuer or the Noteholders, or (ii) it would be impracticable 
to apply the Priority Fallback(s) and/or to make any adjustments to the Conditions, in which case the alternative 
fallback provisions set out in the Conditions shall apply. 
In the event that one particular tenor of a Relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued or, for LIBOR Floating 
Rates, becomes non-representative, then for so long as there is a longer and a shorter tenor still available, no 
trigger event will occur. Instead, the Floating Rate will be determined by interpolating between the next shortest 
and next longest tenors. If there are no shorter or no longer tenors available, then the rate will fall back to a term-
adjusted risk-free rate plus a spread. 
Any of these fallback provisions may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate 
over time with, the payments that would have been made under the Notes if the previous rate had continued being 
published in its current form. Whilst IBORs are forward-looking term rates that embed bank credit risk, risk-free 
rates are overnight rates, in their term versions are normally compounded in arrears as backward-looking rates 
and are intended to be nearly risk-free. As such, investors should be aware that the fallback rates that will apply 
following a trigger event under the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement may behave materially differently as 
interest reference rates for the Notes. 
The absence of bank credit risk in the risk-free-rates may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. The 
ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement provides that the applicable risk-free-rates will be term-adjusted and there will 
be an adjustment spread applied which may be positive, negative or zero. This is intended to reduce any transfer 
of economic value due to the absence of a bank credit risk premium in the replacement risk-free-rate. However, 
if such adjustment spread is negative, it will mean a lower rate of interest is payable. Even where such adjustment 
spread is positive, there can be no assurance that the adjustment spread will fully mitigate the transfer of economic 
value between the Issuer and Noteholders and the adjustment spread is not intended, or able, to replicate the 
dynamic bank credit risk premium embedded in an IBOR. 
Following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event, where fallbacks based on the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks 
Supplement do not apply, the Calculation Agent will seek to determine (i) a replacement reference rate and (ii) 
the related adjustment spread required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any 
transfer of economic value from the Issuer to the Noteholders (or vice versa) that would otherwise arise as a result 
of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the replacement reference rate. If it determines the replacement 
reference rate and related adjustment spread, it may also determine such other amendments which it considers 
necessary or appropriate in order to replace the Reference Rate with the replacement reference rate and the terms 
and conditions shall be amended as of the cut-off date, being (A) the later of the date on which the Reference Rate 
ceases or becomes non-representative or 60 business days following the date of the relevant announcement or 
publication or (B) the later of the Issue Date and either (I) 60 business days following the date on which the 
Calculation Agent determines that the relevant event has occurred or (II) the date on which any material change 
or prohibition of use of the Reference Rate becomes effective or the date following any non-approval, rejection 
or suspension of any authorisation, registration or similar requirement on which the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
or any other entity would not be permitted to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes, as applicable. 
Any replacement reference rate shall be either a pre-nominated reference rate specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or, if no such rate is specified, either (a) a replacement reference rate which is formally 
designated by a relevant central bank or other supervisory authority or the administrator of the Reference Rate or 
(b) a replacement reference rate that the Calculation Agent determines has been recognised or acknowledged as

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
being the industry standard for derivative transactions which reference such Reference Rate, or (c) if the 
Calculation Agent determines that there is no such rate, any other replacement reference rate which it determines 
to be a commercially reasonable alternative. Any such replacement reference rate may be a “risk free rate”. If the 
Calculation Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to identify a replacement reference 
rate and/or adjustment spread and related amendments or to make required amendments following a Benchmark 
Modification or if it is or would be unlawful or contrary to any applicable licence for the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to perform the relevant actions or an adjustment spread would subject the Issuer or Calculation Agent to 
material additional regulatory obligations or any required adjustments would not achieve a commercially 
reasonable result for the Issuer or the Noteholders, in each case, prior to the cut-off date, the Issuer shall early 
redeem the Notes. 
Following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event but prior to the cut-off date, the Reference Rate may continue 
to be used for the purposes of the Notes if it is still available and representative of the underlying market and 
economic reality it is intended to measure and the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is permitted to 
perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. Otherwise, the level of the Reference Rate will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent either by reference to a previously published level or by reference to an industry standard 
or other commercially reasonable rate, index or benchmark determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The Calculation Agent has a wide discretion in making any amendments following the occurrence of a Reference 
Rate Event. As described above, such amendments may include selecting one or more replacement reference rates 
and making related amendments to the Notes, including the application of an adjustment spread and, if applicable, 
amendments to reflect, among other things, increased costs. Such amendments may result in payments that are 
lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on the Notes 
if the original rate had continued to be published in its original form and used for the purposes of the Notes. 
It is possible that a Reference Rate Event or details of it are announced significantly in advance of action being 
appropriate in relation to the relevant Notes. The Issuer is only obliged to notify investors once it has determined 
the action to be taken as a result of the relevant event. 
In addition, investors in Rate-Linked Notes should be aware that: 
 
the composition and characteristics of any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the 
replacement reference rate will not be the same as those of the Reference Rate which it replaces, nor will 
it be the economic equivalent of such Reference Rate, and there can be no assurance that it will perform 
in the same way as such Reference Rate would have or that it will be a comparable substitute for such 
Reference Rate. Therefore, the replacement of the Reference Rate with a pre-nominated replacement 
reference rate or otherwise the replacement reference rate could adversely affect the value of the Notes, 
the return on the Notes and the price at which a Noteholder would be able to sell such Notes;  
 
the failure of any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the replacement reference rate 
to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the Notes; 
 
any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the replacement reference rate may have a 
very limited history and its future performance cannot be predicted based on historical performance; 
 
the secondary trading market for Notes linked to any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or 
otherwise the replacement reference rate may be limited; and  
 
the administrator of any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the replacement 
reference rate may discontinue such rate or make changes that could change its value and the 
administrator has no obligation to consider any holder's interests in doing so. 
Consequently, potential investors in any Notes that reference a Reference Rate should be aware that the Reference 
Rate may be replaced, or the Notes may be early redeemed, in each case, without the consent of Noteholders. 
IBOR-based swap rates 
Following a Reference Rate Cessation in respect of a Reference Rate that is an IBOR swap rate, the Calculation 
Agent may be required to identify a Replacement Reference Rate that the Issuer determines has been recognised 
or acknowledged as being an industry standard for transactions which reference such IBOR swap rate (or if there 
is no industry standard that is appropriate in relation to the Notes, then the Calculation Agent shall select any other

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source it determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative). 
Potential investors should be aware that more than one possible replacement rate may exist and if so it is possible 
the Calculation Agent may select the least favourable replacement rate. However, as of the date of this document, 
there is currently no industry-wide approach for dealing with the discontinuance or non-representativeness of 
IBOR swap rates across all currencies and a complete consensus does not exist as to what rate or rates may become 
accepted replacements. It is impossible to predict the effect of any such replacements on the value of the Notes. 
Additionally, even where administrators have published new swap rates linked to risk free rates, such as the GBP 
SONIA ICE Swap Rate launched by the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited on 14 December 2020, there 
can be no guarantee that such rates will be liquid or recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard, 
and the method by which such new swap rates are calculated may change in the future. Consequently, the 
outcomes of determinations by the Calculation Agent may be unpredictable and the exercise of discretion by the 
Calculation Agent may adversely affect the market value of, and return (if any) on, the Notes. Further, there is no 
assurance that the characteristics of any replacement rate will be similar to the relevant IBOR swap rate, or that 
the replacement rate will produce the economic equivalent of the relevant IBOR swap rate. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates 
Where the Applicable Transaction Terms identifies that the Reference Rate will be determined by reference to 
Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded Daily €STR, the Reference Rate will be 
determined on the basis of a compounded daily rate unless Index Determination is specified as applicable. 
Prospective investors in any Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR should be aware that the market continues 
to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates in the capital markets and their adoption as 
an alternative to GBP-LIBOR, USD-LIBOR, and, EONIA and EURIBOR respectively.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR or €STR that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Notes referencing SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR that are issued under the Programme. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Notes referencing 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous 
SONIA-, SOFR- or €STR-referenced Notes issued under the Programme. The nascent development of 
compounded daily SONIA, SOFR and €STR as interest reference rates for the capital markets, as well as continued 
development of SONIA-, SOFR- and €STR-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market 
price of any SONIA-, SOFR-, or €STR-referenced Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. 
To the extent the SONIA, SOFR or €STR rate is not published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the 
Interest Rate on Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR, as applicable, will be determined using the fallback 
provisions set out in the Terms and Conditions. Any of these fallback provisions may result in interest payments 
that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on the 
Notes if the SONIA, SOFR or €STR rate had been so published. 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the "Code") causes a 30% withholding tax on 
amounts attributable to U.S. source dividends that are paid or "deemed paid" under certain financial instruments 
if certain conditions are met (such instruments, "Specified Securities"). If the Issuer or any withholding agent 
determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any 
additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. Prospective investors should refer to the section 
"Taxation and Disclosure of Information in connection with Payments – U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding". 
For purposes of withholding under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, commonly known as FATCA, 
Specified Securities are subject to a different grandfathering rule than other Notes. Prospective investors should 
refer to the section "Taxation – Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act".

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
The taking of any action under Law 11/2015 and its developing regulations could materially affect the value 
of any Notes. The Notes may also be subject to loss absorption through their permanent write-down and/or 
conversion into equity 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (the "BRRD I"), as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC ("BRRD II" and 
together with BRRD I, the "BRRD")  was implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015, as amended by Royal 
Decree-Law 11/2017, of 23 June, on urgent measures in financial matters (Real Decreto-ley 11/2017, de 23 de 
junio, de medidas urgentes en materia financiera) ("RDL 11/2017") and by Royal Decree-Law 7/2021, of 27 
April (“RDL 7/2021”) which has partially implemented BRRD II in Spain, BRRD, as implemented in Spain 
through Law 11/2015 (as amended), together with Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 November, implementing Law 
11/2015 (the "RD 1012/2015") and Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund (as 
amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, including by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European 
Parliament and the Council of 20 May 2019, the "SRM Regulation") and its developing regulations is designed 
to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in any relevant unsound 
or failing credit institution, investment firm, financial institution or holding company (each a "relevant entity") 
so as to ensure the continuity of the relevant entity critical financial and economic functions, while minimising 
the impact of a relevant entity's failure on the economy and financial system. 
As provided in the BRRD, Law 11/2015 and its developing regulations contain four resolution tools and powers 
including bail-in which gives resolution authorities the power to write down and/or to convert certain claims of 
unsecured creditors of a failing relevant entity (which write-down may result in the reduction of such claims to 
zero) and to convert certain unsecured debt claims including the Notes to equity or other instruments of ownership 
(the "general bail-in tool"), which equity or other instruments could also be subject to any future write-down. 
Any application of the general bail-in tool under the BRRD shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in 
normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on holders of Notes will depend on 
their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors such as depositors. 
The exercise of the general bail-in tool and the exercise of any such powers may result in such Noteholders losing 
some or all of their investment. Such application could also involve modifications, including alteration of the 
principal amount or any interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date or any other dates on which payments 
may be due, as well as the suspension of payments for a certain period, to or the disapplication of provisions in, 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Furthermore, the determination that all or part of the principal amount of 
any Notes will be subject to loss absorption is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number 
of factors which may also be outside of the institution's control. This determination will be made by the 
institution's regulators and there may be many factors, including factors not directly related to the institution, 
which could result in such a determination. 
As a result, the exercise of any power under Law 11/2015 or any suggestion of such exercise could materially 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of any Notes and/or the ability of the relevant Issuer 
and the Guarantor to satisfy their respective obligations under any Notes and the Guarantees. 
To the extent any resulting treatment of holders of Notes pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in tool is less 
favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a holder has a 
right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the relevant entity (which is referred 
to as the "no creditor worse off safeguard" under the BRRD). Any such compensation is unlikely to compensate 
that holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay in the recovery of 
such compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are also likely to be made considerably later than when 
amounts may otherwise have been due under the Notes. 
Noteholders may not be able to exercise their rights on an event of default in the event of the adoption of any 
early intervention or resolution measure under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation 
The Guarantor and, indirectly, the Issuer may be subject to a procedure of early intervention or resolution pursuant 
to the BRRD as implemented through Law 11/2015, RDL 7/2021 and RD 1012/2015, and the SRM Regulation if 
the Guarantor or its group of consolidated credit entities is in breach (or due, among other things, to a rapidly 
deteriorating financial condition, it is likely in the near future to be in breach) of applicable regulatory 
requirements relating to solvency, liquidity, internal structure or internal controls or the conditions for resolution 
referred to in "Additional information on the BRRD and SRM Regulation" are met.

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
Pursuant to Law 11/2015, the adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure shall not itself constitute 
an event of default or entitle any counterparty of the Issuer or Guarantor to exercise any rights it may otherwise 
have in respect thereof and any provision providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to apply. However, 
this does not limit the ability of a counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its rights accordingly 
where an event of default arises either before or after the exercise of any such early intervention or resolution 
procedure and does not necessarily relate to the exercise of any relevant measure or power which has been applied 
pursuant to Law 11/2015. 
Any enforcement by a Noteholder of its rights under the Notes upon the occurrence of an Event of Default 
following the adoption of any resolution procedure will be subject to the relevant provisions of the BRRD, as 
implemented through Law 11/2015, RDL 7/2021 and RD 1012/2015, and the SRM Regulation in relation to the 
exercise of the relevant measures and powers pursuant to such procedure, including the resolution tools and 
powers referred to in "Additional information on the BRRD and SRM Regulation". Any claims on the occurrence 
of an Event of Default will consequently be limited by the application of any measures pursuant to the provisions 
of Law 11/2015, RDL 7/2021 and RD 1012/2015, and the SRM Regulation. The taking of any such action could 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders and the price or value of their investment in the Notes as well as the 
ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor to satisfy its obligations under the Notes or the Guarantee. The 
enforcement by a holder of any rights it may otherwise have on the occurrence of any Event of Default may be 
limited in these circumstances. 
Prospective investors should refer to the "Investment Considerations" section and in particular the section entitled 
"Legal and Regulatory Considerations" for more information on the BRRD and SRM Regulation. 
Risks Relating to the Spanish Insolvency Law 
RDL 1/2020, as defined below, has superseded former Law 22/2003 (Ley Concursal) dated 9 July 2003 ("Law 
22/2003"), which regulated Spanish insolvency proceedings. The RDL 1/2020 entered into force on 1 September 
2021 and covers Spanish provisions which regulated the bankruptcy, insolvency (including suspension of 
payments) and any process affecting creditors' rights generally, including the ranking of its credits. 
RDL 1/2020 provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become subordinated if it is not reported to the 
insolvency administrators (administradores concursales) within one month from the last official publication in 
the Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Estado) of the court order declaring the insolvency, (ii) provisions in a 
contract granting one party the right to terminate it by reason only of the other's insolvency may not be enforceable, 
and (iii) interest (other than ordinary interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the value 
of the asset subject to the security and the maximum secured liabilities under the relevant security and provided 
that a contingent claim has been reported in due course to the insolvency administrator) shall cease to accrue as 
from the date of the declaration of insolvency and any amount of interest accrued up to such date (other than any 
interest accrued under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the lower of the value of the asset subject to the 
security and the maximum secured liabilities under the relevant security) shall become subordinated. 
5. 
Risks Relating to Renminbi Notes 
Notes settled in Renminbi or which may be settled in Renminbi ("Renminbi Notes") may be issued under the 
Programme.  Renminbi Notes contain particular risks for potential investors, including: 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible; there are significant restrictions on remittance of Renminbi into 
and outside the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes. 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present.  The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong dollar.  
However, there has been significant reduction over the years by the PRC government of control, particularly over 
trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other frequent routine foreign 
exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
Currently, participating banks in Hong Kong and a number other jurisdictions have been permitted to engage in 
the settlement of Renminbi current account trade transactions. However, remittance of Renminbi by foreign 
investors into and out of the PRC for the purposes of capital account items, such as capital contributions, is 
generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings 
with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in 
the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for settlement of capital account items are developing 
gradually.

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
Although starting from 1 October 2016, Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights (the international 
reserve assets created by the International Monetary Fund to supplement its member countries' official reserves) 
basket created by the International Monetary Fund and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to 
settle cross-border transactions in foreign currencies were implemented by the People's Bank of China, the central 
bank of the PRC (the "PBOC") in 2018, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually 
liberalise control over cross border remittance of Renminbi in the future or that new regulations in the PRC will 
not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi 
into or outside the PRC.  Further, if any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future which have the effect 
of permitting or restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi for payment of transactions 
categorised as capital account items, then such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific 
requirements or restrictions set out in such rules.  In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in 
Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to 
source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Renminbi Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of Renminbi 
Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such Renminbi Notes. 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited.  While the PBOC has entered into agreements on the clearing 
of Renminbi business with financial institutions (each a "RMB Clearing Bank"), including, but not limited to, 
Hong Kong and are in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in a number of 
other jurisdictions (the "Settlement Arrangements"), the current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets 
outside the PRC is limited.  
There are restrictions imposed by the PBOC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-border 
Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, Renminbi 
business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBOC.  The relevant RMB 
Clearing Bank only has access to onshore liquidity support from the PBOC for the purpose of squaring open 
positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions.  The relevant RMB Clearing Bank is not obliged 
to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or 
conversion services and the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to square such 
open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is 
subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange.  There is no assurance 
that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not be terminated or 
amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC.  The 
limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Notes.  To the extent 
the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service the Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance 
that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all.  If Renminbi is not available 
in certain circumstances as described in the Conditions applicable to Renminbi Notes, the Issuer can make 
payments in U.S. dollars or other specified currencies as set out in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks. 
The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is 
affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other factors.  
In August 2015, the PBOC implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi’s daily midpoint against 
the U.S. dollar to take into account market maker quotes before announcing the daily midpoint. This change, 
among others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against other 
currencies.  All payments with respect to Renminbi Notes will be made in Renminbi unless otherwise specified.  
As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in other foreign currency terms may vary with the prevailing 
exchange rates in the marketplace.  If the value of Renminbi depreciates against other foreign currencies, the value 
of investment in other applicable foreign currency terms will decline. 
In the event that access to Renminbi becomes restricted to the extent that, by reason of Renminbi Inconvertibility, 
Renminbi Non Transferability or Renminbi Illiquidity (as defined in the Conditions), it is impossible, impractical, 
illegal or impracticable for the Issuer (or, if applicable, any party to a Hedge Position), to pay or deliver any 
amounts or assets due in Renminbi, the Conditions allow the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, to delay 
such payment in Renminbi until ten Business Days after such time the relevant Renminbi Currency Event ceases 
to exist; to make payment in U.S. dollars or other specified foreign currency at the prevailing spot rate of exchange;

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
and/or to redeem the Notes by payment of the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount, 
all as provided in more detail in the Conditions.  As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments or deliveries 
may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace.  If the value of Renminbi depreciates against the 
U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, the value of a holder's investment in U.S. dollar or other foreign currency 
terms will decline.  
Payments in respect of Renminbi Notes will only be made to investors in the manner specified in the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes. 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing 
and settlement system for participating banks in the Renminbi Settlement Centre(s).  All Renminbi payments to 
investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are 
represented by a Global Note or Global Note Certificate held in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in the Renminbi Settlement 
Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures, or (ii) 
for so long as Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in the 
Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations.  Other than as described in 
the Conditions, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor can be required to make payment by any other means 
(including in any other currency or in bank notes or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to risk of change in the regulatory regime governing the issuance 
of Renminbi Notes. 
Renminbi Notes issuance is subject to laws and regulations of the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s). The 
PRC Government currently views Hong Kong as one of the key offshore RMB settled instrument centres and has 
established a cooperative relationship with Hong Kong's local government to develop the RMB settled instrument 
market. There can be no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to encourage issuance of RMB settled 
instruments outside of mainland China and any change in the Chinese government's policy or the regulatory 
regime governing the issuance of RMB settled instruments may adversely affect the Renminbi Notes. 
An investment in fixed rate Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years.  Further liberalisation 
may increase interest rate volatility.  In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets outside the PRC may 
significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of foreign exchange controls 
imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. 
If a Renminbi Note carries a fixed interest rate, then the trading price of such Renminbi Notes will vary with the 
fluctuations in Renminbi interest rates.  If an investor in Renminbi Notes tries to sell such RMB Notes, then it 
may receive an offer that is less than the amount invested. 
There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the Renminbi Notes 
In considering whether to invest in the Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax advisers with 
regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences arising 
under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the Noteholder's investment in the Renminbi Notes may 
be materially and adversely affected if the Noteholder is required to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding 
or disposing of and receiving payments under those Renminbi Notes. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Group  
6. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer 
Risk that funds lent by the Issuer to Group companies are not repaid 
The Issuer is a finance vehicle established by the Guarantor for the purpose of issuing debt securities, preferred 
securities (participaciones preferentes) and other financial instruments and on-lending the proceeds to the 
Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries (the "Group" and references to "we", "us" or "our" should be 
construed as references to the Group). The Issuer is therefore dependent upon other members of the Group paying 
interest on and repaying their loans in a timely fashion. Should any Group member fail to pay interest on or repay 
any loan in a timely fashion this could have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme which could have an adverse impact on the rights of 
Noteholders and the return on their investment. 
The Issuer was incorporated under the Irish Companies Acts 1963 to 2013 and is subject to the Irish Companies 
Act 2014 (the "2014 Act") and as such may be wound up pursuant to the 2014 Act and/or be subject to 
examination, a court procedure which is available under the 2014 Act to facilitate the survival of Irish companies 
in financial difficulties. 
Certain Creditors of the Issuer will rank in priority above Noteholders 
Under Irish law, the claims of a limited category of preferential creditors will take priority over the claims of 
unsecured creditors and holders of floating security in the event of the appointment of a liquidator or a receiver to 
an Irish company such as the Issuer. These preferred claims include taxes, such as income tax and corporation tax 
payable before the date of appointment of the liquidator or receiver and arrear of value added tax, together with 
accrued interest thereon and claims of employees. 
Risks in connection with examination 
Examination is a court procedure available under the 2014 Act to facilitate the survival of Irish companies in 
financial difficulties. 
The Issuer, the directors of the Issuer, a contingent, prospective or actual creditor of the Issuer, or shareholders of 
the Issuer holding, at the date of presentation of the petition, not less than one-tenth of the voting share capital of 
the Issuer, are each entitled to petition the court for the appointment of an examiner. 
The examiner, once appointed, has the power to set aside contracts and arrangements entered into by the company 
after his appointment and, in certain circumstances, can avoid a negative pledge given by the company prior to 
his appointment. Furthermore, he may sell assets which are the subject of a fixed charge. However, if such power 
is exercised he must account to the holders of the fixed charge for the amount realised and discharge the amount 
due to them out of the proceeds of sale. 
During the period of protection, the examiner will compile proposals for a compromise or scheme of arrangement 
to assist the survival of the company or the whole or any part of its undertaking as a going concern. A scheme of 
arrangement may be approved by the Irish Circuit Court or High Court (as appropriate) (each a "Court") when at 
least one class of creditors has voted in favour of the proposals and the relevant Court is satisfied that such 
proposals are fair and equitable in relation to any class of members or creditors who have not accepted the 
proposals and whose interests would be impaired by implementation of the scheme of arrangement. 
In considering proposals by the examiner, it is likely that secured and unsecured creditors would form separate 
classes of creditors. In the case of the Issuer, if the Agent represented the majority in number and value of claims 
within the secured creditor class (which would be likely given the restrictions agreed to by the Issuer in the 
Transaction Documents), the Agent would be in a position to vote against any proposal not in favour of the 
Noteholders. The Agent would also be entitled to argue at the relevant Court hearing at which the proposed scheme 
of arrangement is considered that the proposals are unfair and inequitable in relation to the Noteholders, especially 
if such proposals included a writing down to the value of amounts due by the Issuer to the Noteholders. 
The primary risks to the Noteholders if any examiner were to be appointed with respect to the Issuer are as follows: 
1. 
the potential for a scheme of arrangement being approved involving the writing down of the debt due by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders; 
2. 
the potential for the examiner to seek to set aside any negative pledge in the Notes or the Transaction 
Documents prohibiting the creation of security or the incurring of borrowings by the Issuer to enable the 
examiner to borrow to fund the Issuer during the protection period; and 
3. 
in the event that a scheme of arrangement is not approved and the Issuer subsequently goes into 
liquidation, the examiner's remuneration and expenses (including certain borrowings incurred by the 
examiner on behalf of the Issuer and approved by the relevant Court) will take priority over the amounts 
secured or unsecured owing to the Noteholders. 
7. 
Macro-Economic and Political Risks

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
The current global covid-19 pandemic has materially impacted the business of the Group, and the continuance 
of this pandemic or any future outbreak of any other highly contagious diseases or other public health 
emergency, could materially and adversely impact its business, financial condition, liquidity and results of 
operations. 
Since December 2019, a new strain of coronavirus, or covid-19, spread in the People's Republic of China and 
progressively to the rest of the world, mainly to Europe (including Spain and the UK), Latin America and the 
United States, among others. The outbreak was declared a public health emergency of international concern and 
a global pandemic by the World Health Organization. 
Countries around the world have responded to the covid-19 pandemic by adopting a variety of measures in an 
attempt to contain the spread and impact of covid-19, including imposing mass quarantines or other containment 
measures, shelter-in-place orders and medical screenings, restricting travel, limiting public gatherings and 
suspending most economic activities. These measures have resulted in a severe decrease of global economic 
activity and falls in production and demand, which has led to sharp declines in the gross domestic product ("GDP") 
of those countries which are most affected by the pandemic and is expected to continue to have an overall negative 
impact on global GDP in 2021. Other consequences include increased unemployment levels, sharp decreases and 
high volatility in the stock markets, disruption of global supply chains, exchange rate volatility, steady customer 
draws on lines of credit, decline in real estate prices, and uncertainty in relation to the future impact in regional 
and global economies in the medium and long term. These measures have also negatively impacted, and could 
continue to negatively impact, businesses, market participants, Group's counterparties and clients, and the global 
economy for a prolonged period of time. Furthermore, it is unclear how the macroeconomic business environment 
or societal norms may be impacted after the pandemic. The post-covid-19 environment may undergo unexpected 
developments or changes in the financial markets, fiscal, tax and regulatory environments as well as customer and 
corporate client behaviour which could have an adverse impact on the business of the Group. 
Many governments and regulatory authorities, including central banks, have acted, and may further act, to provide 
relief from the economic and market disruptions resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, including providing fiscal 
and monetary stimuli to support the global economy, lowering federal funds rates and interest rates, and granting 
partial or total deferral (grace period) of principal and/or interest payments due on loans. It is difficult to predict 
how effective these and other measures taken to mitigate the economic effects of the pandemic will be.  
Should current economic conditions persist or continue to deteriorate, the Group expects that this macroeconomic 
environment will have a continued material adverse effect on the business and results of operations of the Group, 
which could include, but is not limited to (i) a continued decreased demand for its products and services; (ii) 
protracted periods of lower interest rates and resulting pressure on its margins; (iii) further material impairment 
of its loans and other assets including goodwill; (iv) decline in value of collateral; (v) constraints on its liquidity 
due to market conditions, exchange rates and customer withdrawal of deposits and continued draws on lines of 
credit; and (vi) downgrades to its credit ratings. See the risk factor entitled 'Credit, market and liquidity risk may 
have an adverse effect on the credit ratings of the Group and its cost of funds. Any downgrade in the credit rating 
of the Group would likely increase its cost of funding, require the Group to post additional collateral or take other 
actions under some of its derivative and other contracts and adversely affect its interest margins and results of 
operations'. 
Additionally, unprecedented movement in economic and market drivers related to the covid-19 pandemic 
impacted the performance of financial models including credit loss models, capital models, traded risk models 
and models used in the asset/liability management process. This has required additional monitoring and 
adjustments to comply with the guidance and recommendations of standard setters, regulators and supervisors, 
particularly for credit loss models. It also has resulted in the use of mitigants for model limitations, such as 
adjustments to model outputs to reflect consideration of management judgment. The performance and usage of 
models has been and may continue to be impacted by the consequences of the covid-19 pandemic. While it is too 
early to be entirely certain of the magnitude of change required for the models of the Group, it is likely that capital, 
credit risk and other models will need to be adjusted. The effectiveness of such models will depend in large part 
on the depth and length of the economic downturn.  
Moreover, the operations of the Group will continue to be impacted by risks from remote working arrangements 
or bans on non-essential activities. For example, some of its branches in affected countries have been closed and 
others have been functioning with reduced hours for a significant period of time. During 2020, the Group had 
more than half of its total workforce working remotely, which has increased cybersecurity risks given greater use 
of computer networks outside the corporate environment. If the Group becomes unable to successfully operate its 
business from remote locations including, for example, due to failures of its technology infrastructure, increased

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
cybersecurity risks, or governmental restrictions that affect its operations, this could result in business disruptions 
that could have a material and adverse effect on its business.  
If the covid-19 pandemic continues to adversely affect the global economy and/or adversely affect the business, 
financial condition, liquidity or results of operations of the Group, it may also increase the likelihood and/or 
magnitude of other risks described in this 'Risk Factors' section. 
The Group's growth, asset quality and profitability, amongst others, may be adversely affected by a slowdown 
in one or more of the economies in which the Group operates, as well as volatile macroeconomic and political 
conditions. 
During 2020, most world economies faced severe recession as a result of covid-19 which could lead major 
financial institutions, including some of the world's largest global commercial banks, investment banks, mortgage 
lenders, mortgage guarantors and insurance companies to experience  significant difficulties, including runs on 
deposits, the need for  government assistance or the need to reduce or cease providing funding to borrowers 
(including to other financial institutions). Volatile conditions in the global financial markets could also have a 
material adverse effect on the Group, including on the ability of the Group to access capital and liquidity on 
financial terms acceptable to the Group, if at all. If capital markets financing ceases to become available, or 
becomes excessively expensive, the Group may be forced to raise the rates paid on deposits to attract more 
customers and become unable to maintain certain liability maturities. Any such increase in capital markets funding 
availability or costs or in deposit rates could have a material adverse effect on its interest margins and liquidity. 
In particular, the Group including the Guarantor faces, among others, the following risks related to the economic 
downturn and volatile conditions: 
(i) 
Reduced demand for its products and services. 
(ii) 
Increased regulation of its industry. Compliance with such regulation will continue to increase the costs 
of the Group and may affect the pricing for its products and services, increase its conduct and regulatory 
risks related to non-compliance and limit its ability to pursue business opportunities. 
(iii) 
Inability of its borrowers to timely or fully comply with their existing obligations. Macroeconomic 
shocks may negatively impact the income of its customers, both retail and corporate, and may adversely 
affect the recoverability of its loans, resulting in increased loan losses. 
(iv) 
The process the Group uses to estimate losses inherent in its credit exposure requires complex 
judgements, including forecasts of economic conditions and how these economic conditions might 
impair the ability of its borrowers to repay their loans. The degree of uncertainty concerning economic 
conditions may adversely affect the accuracy of its estimates, which may, in turn, impact the reliability 
of the process and the sufficiency of its loan loss allowances. 
(v) 
The value and liquidity of the portfolio of investment securities that the Group holds may be adversely 
affected. 
The recoverability of the loan portfolios of the Group and its ability to increase the amount of loans outstanding 
and its results of operations and financial condition in general, are dependent to a significant extent on the level 
of economic activity in Europe (in particular, Spain and the UK), North America and South America. See risk 
factor entitled 'The credit quality of the loan portfolio of the Group may deteriorate and the Group's loan loss 
reserves could be insufficient to cover its loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group'. 
In addition, the Group is exposed to sovereign debt in these regions. Recessionary conditions in the economies of 
Europe (in particular, Spain and the UK), North America or some of the South American countries in which the 
Group operates, would likely have a significant adverse impact on its loan portfolio and sovereign debt holdings 
and, as a result, on its financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.  
The revenues of the Group are also subject to risk of deterioration from unfavourable political and diplomatic 
developments, social instability, and changes in governmental policies, including expropriation, nationalisation, 
international ownership legislation, interest-rate caps, tax and monetary policies. 
For the year ending 31 December 2020, 37 per cent. of the underlying profit attributable to the Bank came from 
Europe (7 per cent. was from Spain, 15 per cent. from Santander Consumer and 8 per cent. from the United 
Kingdom), 42 per cent. from South America (30 per cent from Brazil) and 21 per cent. from North America (11

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
per cent. from Mexico and 10 per cent. from the United States)1 . As of that date, the total assets of the Group 
stood at 71 per cent. in Europe (24 per cent. in Spain and 22 per cent. in the United Kingdom), 16 per cent. in 
South America (10 per cent. in Brazil) and 15 per cent. in North America (5 per cent. in Mexico and 9 per cent. 
in the United States). 
In particular, the EU and South America, which are the two main regions where the Group operates, are subject 
to the following macroeconomic and political conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Group: 
European Union 
In the EU, the tax and financial integration, although not completed, has limited an individual country's ability to 
address potential economic crises with its own fiscal and monetary policies.  
In the past, the European Central Bank ("ECB") and the European Council have taken actions with the aim of 
reducing the risk of contagion in the eurozone and beyond and improving economic and financial stability. 
Notwithstanding these measures, a significant number of financial institutions throughout Europe have substantial 
exposures to sovereign debt issued by eurozone (and other) nations, which may be under financial stress. Should 
any of those nations default on their debt, or experience a significant widening of credit spreads, major financial 
institutions and banking systems throughout Europe could be adversely affected, with wider possible adverse 
consequences for global financial market conditions. The net exposure of the Group to sovereign debt at 31 
December 2020 amounted to €129,923 million (9 per cent. of its total assets at that date) of which the main 
exposures in the eurozone relate to Spain and Portugal with net exposure of €24,245 million (of which €7,048 
million were financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income) and €8,730 million, respectively. 
In June 2020 the ECB put in place a set of monetary policy and banking supervision measures to mitigate the 
impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the euro area economy and to support all European citizens. In particular, the 
€1,350 billion pandemic emergency purchase programme ("PEPP") aims to lower borrowing costs and increase 
lending in the euro area. The ECB will terminate net asset purchases under the PEPP once it judges that the covid-
19 crisis phase is over, but in any case not before the end of June 2021. This programme complements the asset 
purchase programmes that have been in place since 2014. 
On 21 July 2020, the EU agreed on a €750 billion recovery effort to help the EU tackle the crisis caused by the 
pandemic. Alongside the recovery package, the EU agreed on a €1,074.3 billion long-term EU budget for 2021-
2027. Among others, the budget will support investment in the digital and green transitions.   
The risk of returning to a fragile and volatile environment and to political tensions exists if current ECB policies 
in place are quickly reversed, the reforms aimed at improving productivity and competition do not progress, the 
closing of the banking union and other measures of integration are not deepened or anti-European groups succeed. 
In addition, on 31 January 2020 the UK ceased to be a member of the EU which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group. See risk factor entitled 'The UK's withdrawal from the European Union could have a material 
adverse effect on the operations, financial condition and prospects of the Group'. 
South America 
The economies of some of the countries where the Group operates, particularly in South America, have 
experienced significant volatility in recent decades. This volatility resulted in fluctuations in the levels of deposits 
and in the relative economic strength of various segments of the economies to which the Group lends. In addition, 
some of the countries where the Group operates are particularly affected by commodities price fluctuations, which 
in turn may affect financial market conditions through exchange rate fluctuations, interest rate volatility and 
deposits volatility. Negative and fluctuating economic conditions, such as slowing or negative growth and a 
changing interest rate environment, could impact the profitability of the Group by causing lending margins to 
decrease and credit quality to decline and leading to decreased demand for higher margin products and services. 
In particular, the recent political and social instability in Chile and the financial volatility in Argentina could have 
a negative impact on the economy of these countries and may have a material adverse effect on the Group.   
                                                     
1 Percentages calculated using as denominator the underlying profit of total operating areas (i.e. without considering the (€1,844 million accounted 
for in the Corporate Center resulting from centralized management of the areas).

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
The UK’s withdrawal from the European Union could have a material adverse effect on the operations, 
financial condition and prospects of the Group. 
On 31 January 2020 the UK ceased to be a member of the EU, on withdrawal terms which established a transition 
period until 31 December 2020, during which the UK continued to be treated as an EU member state and 
applicable EU legislation continued to be in force. A trade deal was agreed between the UK and the EU prior to 
the end of the transition period and the new regulations came into force on 1 January 2021.  
The trade deal, however, did not include agreements on certain areas, such as financial services and data adequacy, 
although a further transitional period has been agreed with respect to rules on the transfer of personal data between 
the EU and the UK until the end of June 2021. Without equivalence decisions or other agreements that provide 
market access on a stable and widespread basis, Santander UK plc (“Santander UK”) has, and will continue to 
have, a limited ability to provide cross-border services to EU customers and to trade with EU counterparties. It is 
uncertain whether equivalence decisions will be granted or whether a trade agreement with respect to financial 
services between the EU and the UK will be reached. The impact of any such trade agreement, equivalence 
decisions or any other cooperation mechanisms on financial markets generally, the extent of legislative and 
regulatory convergence and regulatory cooperation that would be required between the UK and the EU member 
states, as well as the level of access that may be granted to financial services firms across EU and UK markets is 
uncertain. The wider impact of the UK's withdrawal from the EU on financial markets through market 
fragmentation, reduced access to finance and funding, and lack of access to certain financial market infrastructure, 
may affect the operations, financial condition and prospects of the Group and those of its customers.  
Uncertainty also remains around the effect of the current trade deal on economic growth in the UK given that it 
does not address services. The effect of the additional non-tariff trade barriers imposed on products is equally 
unknown. It is likely that growth will initially be disrupted as businesses adapt to the new cross-border procedures 
and rules applicable in the UK and in the EU to their activities, products, customers and suppliers. 
While the longer-term effects of the UK's withdrawal from the EU are difficult to predict, there is ongoing political 
and economic uncertainty, which is likely to continue in the medium term and which could negatively impact 
Santander UK's customers and counterparties.  
There are also other potential longer-term impacts resulting from the UK's withdrawal from the EU which could 
impact the UK economy and Santander UK's business such as: 
 
increased calls for a second referendum on Scottish independence from the UK; and 
 
instability in Northern Ireland, if the current arrangements regarding the borders between the 
Republic of Ireland, Northern Ireland and Great Britain are called into further question.  
If one or more of these risks were to materialize it could have a material adverse effect on the operations, financial 
condition and prospects of the Group. 
The Group has considered these circumstances in its assessment of the recoverability of the cash-generating unit 
that supports Santander UK's goodwill, which was impaired for an amount of € 1,491 million during 2019 and for 
an amount of € 6,101 million during 2020. If the Group has to write down the value attributed to goodwill in the 
future, this would adversely affect its results and net assets. After these impairments, Santander UK's goodwill at 
31 December 2020 amounted to € 592 million.  
 
8. 
Risks Relating to the Group's Business 
Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks to the business model of the Group. 
The Group is exposed to risk of loss from legal and regulatory proceedings. 
The Group faces risk of loss from legal and regulatory proceedings, including tax proceedings, that could subject 
it to monetary judgments, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and penalties. The current regulatory and tax 
enforcement environment in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates reflects an increased supervisory focus 
on enforcement, combined with uncertainty about the evolution of the regulatory regime, and may lead to material 
operational and compliance costs. 
The Group is from time to time subject to regulatory investigations and civil and tax claims, and party to certain 
legal proceedings incidental to the normal course of its business, including in connection with conflicts of interest,

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
lending securities and derivatives activities, relationships with its employees and other commercial or tax matters. 
In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of legal matters, particularly where the claimants seek 
very large or indeterminate damages, or where the cases present novel legal theories, involve a large number of 
parties or are in the early stages of investigation or discovery, the Group cannot state with certainty what the 
eventual outcome of these pending matters will be or what the eventual loss, fines or penalties related to each 
pending matter may be. 
The amount of the Group's reserves in respect of these matters is substantially less than the total amount of the 
claims asserted against it, and, in light of the uncertainties involved in such claims and proceedings, there is no 
assurance that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not significantly exceed the reserves currently accrued 
by the Group. As a result, the outcome of a particular matter may be material to its operating results for a particular 
period. As of 31 December 2020, the Group had provisions for taxes, other legal contingencies and other 
provisions for €4,425 million.  
The Group including the Guarantor is subject to extensive regulation and regulatory and governmental oversight 
which could adversely affect its business, operations and financial condition. 
As a financial institution, the Group including the Guarantor is subject to extensive regulation, which materially 
affects its businesses. 
In Spain and the other jurisdictions where the Group including the Guarantor operates, there is continuing political, 
competitive and regulatory scrutiny of the banking industry. Political involvement in the regulatory process, in 
the behaviour and governance of the banking sector and in the major financial institutions in which the local 
governments have a direct financial interest and in their product and services, and the prices and other terms they 
apply to them, is likely to continue. Therefore, the statutes, regulations and policies to which the Group including 
the Guarantor is subject may be therefore changed at any time. In addition, the interpretation and the application 
by regulators of the laws and regulations to which the Group is subject may also change from time to time. 
Extensive legislation and implementing regulation affecting the financial services industry has recently been 
adopted in regions that directly or indirectly affect the Group's business, including Spain, the United States, the 
EU, the UK, Latin America and other jurisdictions, and further regulations are in the process of being 
implemented. The manner in which those laws and related regulations are applied to the operations of financial 
institutions is still evolving. Moreover, to the extent these regulations are implemented inconsistently in the 
various jurisdictions in which the Group operates, it may face higher compliance costs. Any legislative or 
regulatory actions and any required changes to its business operations resulting from such legislation and 
regulations, as well as any deficiencies in its compliance with such legislation and regulation, could result in 
significant loss of revenue, limit the ability of the Group to pursue business opportunities in which the Group 
might otherwise consider engaging and provide certain products and services, affect the value of assets that it 
holds, require the Group to increase its prices and therefore reduce demand for its products, impose additional 
compliance and other costs on the Group or otherwise adversely affect its businesses. 
In particular, legislative or regulatory actions resulting in enhanced prudential standards, in particular with respect 
to capital and liquidity, could impose a significant regulatory burden on the Guarantor or on its bank subsidiaries 
and could limit the bank subsidiaries' ability to distribute capital and liquidity to the Guarantor, thereby negatively 
impacting the Guarantor. Future liquidity standards could require the Guarantor to maintain a greater proportion 
of its assets in highly-liquid but lower-yielding financial instruments, which would negatively affect its net interest 
margin. Moreover, the Guarantor's regulatory and supervisory authorities, periodically review the Guarantor's 
allowance for its loan losses.  
Such regulators may recommend the Guarantor to increase its allowance for loan losses or to recognize further 
losses. Any such additional provisions for loan losses, as recommended by these regulatory agencies, whose views 
may differ from those of the Guarantor's management, could have an adverse effect on the Guarantor's earnings 
and financial condition. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that future changes in regulations or in their 
interpretation or application will not adversely affect the Group. 
The wide range of regulations, actions and proposals which most significantly affect, or which could most 
significantly affect, the Group in the future, relate to capital requirements, funding and liquidity and development 
of a fiscal and banking union in the EU, which are discussed in further detail below. Moreover, there is uncertainty 
regarding the future of financial reforms in the United States and the impact that potential financial reform changes 
to the U.S. banking system may have on ongoing international regulatory proposals. In general, regulatory reforms 
adopted or proposed in the wake of the financial crisis have increased and may continue to materially increase the 
Group's operating costs and negatively impact the Group's business model. Furthermore, regulatory authorities

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
have substantial discretion in how to regulate banks, and this discretion, and the means available to the regulators, 
have been increasing during recent years. Regulation may be imposed on an ad hoc basis by governments and 
regulators in response to a crisis, and these may especially affect financial institutions such as the Group that are 
deemed to be a global systemically important institution ("G-SII"). The main regulations and regulatory and 
governmental oversight that can adversely impact the Group include but are not limited to the items below. 
Increasingly stricter capital regulations and potential requirements could have an impact on the functioning of 
the Group and its businesses 
Increasingly onerous capital requirements constitute one of the Guarantor's main regulatory challenges. Increasing 
capital requirements may adversely affect the Guarantor's profitability and create regulatory risk associated with 
the possibility of failure to maintain required capital levels. 
In 2011, the framework known as Basel III, which is a full set of reform measures to strengthen the regulation, 
supervision and risk management of the banking sector, was introduced. This aimed to boost the banking sector's 
ability to absorb impacts caused by financial and economic stress, improve risk management and corporate 
governance, and improve banking transparency and disclosures. Concerning capital, Basel III redefines available 
capital at financial institutions (including new deductions and raising the requirements for eligible equity 
instruments), tightens the minimum capital requirements, compels financial institutions to operate permanently 
with surplus capital (capital "buffers"), and includes new requirements for the risks considered. 
The amendments to the solvency requirements of credit institutions and various transparency regulations, from 
the practical standpoint, grant priority to high-quality capital (Common Equity Tier 1 or "CET1"), introducing 
stricter eligibility criteria and more stringent ratios, in a bid to guarantee higher standards of capital adequacy in 
the financial sector. 
The ECB is required under Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 conferring specific tasks 
on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions (the "SSM 
Regulation") to carry out a supervisory review and evaluation process (the "SREP") at least on an annual basis. 
In connection with this, the Guarantor announced on 11 December 2019 that it had received from the ECB its 
decision regarding prudential minimum capital requirements as of 1 January 2020, following the results of SREP 
(the "2019 SREP Decision"). The 2019 SREP Decision required the Guarantor to maintain a CET1 capital ratio 
of at least 9.7 per cent. on a consolidated basis. The 9.7 per cent. CET1 capital requirement includes: the minimum 
Pillar 1 requirement (4.5 per cent.); the Pillar 2 requirement (1.5 per cent.); the capital conservation buffer (2.5 
per cent.); the requirement deriving from its consideration as a G-SII (1.0 per cent.) and the counter-cyclical buffer 
(0.2 per cent.). The ECB decision also requires that the Guarantor maintains a CET1 capital ratio of at least 8.6 
per cent. on an individual basis. On 24 November 2020, the Guarantor received from the ECB a letter regarding 
the SREP for 2020. In line with the EBA statement on additional supervisory measures in the covid-19 pandemic 
of 22 April 2020, the ECB has adopted a pragmatic approach towards the SREP for the 2020 cycle, which focuses 
on the ability of the supervised entities to handle the challenges of the covid-19 crisis and its impact on their 
current and prospective risk profile. The letter is not a supervisory measure, does not amend or supersede the 2019 
SREP Decision, and consequently confirms that the requirements established therein continue to apply, including, 
in particular, the capital requirements. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the CET1 applicable capital 
requirement is of at least 8.85 per cent. on a consolidated basis, which includes: the minimum Pillar 1 requirement 
(4.5 per cent.); the Pillar 2 requirement (which is now 0.84 per cent., due to the capital relief measures adopted 
by the ECB in March 2020 by which banks are now allowed to partially use Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments 
to meet the Pillar 2 requirements); the capital conservation buffer (2.5 per cent.); the requirement deriving from 
its consideration of the Guarantor as a G-SII (1.0 per cent.) and the counter-cyclical buffer currently applicable 
(0.01 per cent.).  As of 31 December 2020, the Guarantor's total capital ratio was 16.18 per cent. on a consolidated 
basis while its CET1 capital ratio was 12.34 per cent. on a consolidated basis (data calculated using the IFRS 9 
transitional arrangements. Had the IFRS 9 transitional arrangement not been applied, the total impact on the CET1 
ratio would have been 45 bps.).  
In addition, the Guarantor shall comply with the TLAC/MREL Requirements (as defined in "Legal and Regulatory 
Considerations" below). The Guarantor announced on 28 November 2019 that it had received formal notification 
from the Bank of Spain of its binding minimum TLAC/MREL Requirements, both total and subordinated, for the 
resolution group of the Guarantor at a sub-consolidated level, as determined by the SRB. The total TLAC/MREL 
Requirement has been set at 16.81 per cent. of the resolution group's total liabilities and own funds, which as a 
reference of the resolution group's risk weighted assets at 31 December 2017 would be 28.60 per cent. and is 
equivalent to an amount at 31 December 2017 of €108,631.8 million. The subordination requirement has been set 
at 11.48 per cent. of the resolution group's total liabilities and own funds, which as a reference of this resolution

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
group's risk weighted assets at 31 December 2017 would be 19.53 per cent. and is equivalent to an amount at 31 
December 2017 of €74,187.57 million. These requirements apply since 1 January 2020. According to the 
Guarantor's estimates, the resolution group complies with this total TLAC/MREL Requirements and the 
subordination requirement. Future requirements are subject to ongoing review by the resolution authority. 
In this regard, there can be no assurance that the application of the existing regulatory requirements, standards or 
recommendations will not require the Guarantor to issue additional securities that qualify as own funds or eligible 
liabilities, to maintain a greater proportion of its assets in highly-liquid but lower-yielding financial instruments, 
to liquidate assets, to curtail business or to take any other actions, any of which may have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, results of operations and/or financial position. 
Any failure by the Guarantor and/or the Group to maintain its Pillar 1 minimum regulatory capital ratios and any 
Pillar 2 additional capital requirements could result in administrative actions or sanctions (including restrictions 
on Discretionary Payments), which, in turn, may have a material adverse impact on the Group's results of 
operations. 
Moreover, it should not be disregarded that new and more demanding additional regulatory requirements, 
standards or recommendations may be applied in the future. 
All the applicable regulations and the approval of any other regulatory requirements could have an adverse effect 
on the Group's activities and operations, and most particularly affect the ability of the Guarantor to distribute 
dividends. Therefore, these regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of 
operations and/or financial position and the Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee. 
The acquisition of Banco Popular has given rise to a wide range of litigation or other claims being filed that could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
The acquisition of Banco Popular, S.A. ("Banco Popular") by Banco Santander took place in execution of the 
resolution of the Steering Committee of the Spanish banking resolution authority ("FROB") of 7 June 2017, which 
adopted the measures required to implement the decision of the European banking resolution authority (the 
"Single Resolution Board" or "SRB") for resolving Banco Popular.  
Banco Popular's declaration of resolution, the cancellation and conversion of its capital instruments, and the 
subsequent transfer to Banco Santander of the shares resulting from that conversion through the resolution tool of 
selling the entity's business, all under the rules of the single resolution framework indicated above, have no 
precedent in Spain nor in any other EU member state. As a result, appeals, claims and actions have been filed 
against the resolutions of the SRB and the FROB and against Banco Santander (previously, also against Banco 
Popular and other Group entities) related to the acquisition of Banco Popular.  
Additionally, since the acquisition of Banco Popular by Banco Santander, multiple affected parties have filed 
several claims and may file new claims in the future. It is not possible to predict the total amount of claims that 
could be presented by the former holders of shares and capital instruments (derived from the acquisition by 
investors of those shares and capital instruments of Banco Popular before the resolution, including in particular, 
and without limitation, the shares acquired in the context of the capital increase with pre-emptive subscription 
rights carried out in 2016), nor their economic implications (especially considering that the resolution decision in 
application of the new regulations is unprecedented, and that it is possible that future claims may not specify a 
specific amount, may allege new legal interpretations of the regulations, or involve a large number of parties). 
The estimated cost of potential compensation to Banco Popular shareholders and bondholders recorded in the 
2017 financial statements amounted to €680 million, of which €535 million were applied to the fidelity action. 
The provisions recorded are deemed sufficient to cover the risks associated with the legal claims that are taking 
place today. However, in the event that the Group is required to make additional payments, either with respect to 
claims already made with undetermined amounts, or any new claims, there could be a significant adverse effect 
on its results and financial situation and therefore on the Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Guarantee. If the Guarantee is called upon in such circumstances and the Guarantor is unable to fulfil its 
obligations under the Guarantee, Noteholders may lose some or all of their investment.  
The Group is subject to potential action by any of its regulators or supervisors, particularly in response to 
customer complaints.   
As noted above, the business and operations of the Group are subject to increasingly significant rules and 
regulations that are required to conduct banking and financial services business. These apply to business

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
operations, affect financial returns, include reserve and reporting requirements, and prudential and conduct of 
business regulations. These requirements are set by the relevant central banks and regulatory authorities that 
authorize, regulate and supervise the Group in the jurisdictions in which it operates. 
In their supervisory roles, the regulators seek to maintain the safety and soundness of financial institutions with 
the aim of strengthening the protection of customers and the financial system. The supervisors' continuing 
supervision of financial institutions is conducted through a variety of regulatory tools, including the collection of 
information by way of prudential returns, reports obtained from skilled persons, visits to firms and regular 
meetings with management to discuss issues such as performance, risk management and strategy. In general, these 
regulators have a more outcome-focused regulatory approach that involves more proactive enforcement and more 
punitive penalties for infringement. As a result, the Group faces increased supervisory scrutiny (resulting in 
increasing internal compliance costs and supervision fees), and in the event of a breach of its regulatory obligations 
the Group is likely to face more stringent regulatory fines. Some of the regulators are focusing intently on 
consumer protection and on conduct risk and will continue to do so. This has included a focus on the design and 
operation of products, the behaviour of customers and the operation of markets. Such a focus could result, for 
example, in usury regulation that could restrict the ability of the Group to charge certain levels of interest in credit 
transactions or in regulation that would prevent the Group from bundling products that it offers to its customers. 
Some of the laws in the relevant jurisdictions in which the Group operates, give the regulators the power to make 
temporary product intervention rules either to improve a firm's systems and controls in relation to product design, 
product management and implementation, or to address problems identified with financial products. These 
problems may potentially cause significant detriment to consumers because of certain product features or 
governance flaws or distribution strategies. Such rules may prevent institutions from entering into product 
agreements with customers until such problems have been solved. Some of the regulatory regimes in the relevant 
jurisdictions in which the Group operates, requires the Group to be in compliance across all aspects of its business, 
including the training, authorisation and supervision of personnel, systems, processes and documentation. If it 
fails to comply with the relevant regulations, there would be a risk of an adverse impact on its business from 
sanctions, fines or other actions imposed by the regulatory authorities. Customers of financial services institutions, 
including Group's customers, may seek redress if they consider that they have suffered loss as a result of the mis-
selling of a particular product, or through incorrect application of the terms and conditions of a particular product. 
Given the inherent unpredictability of litigation and the evolution of judgements by the relevant authorities, it is 
possible that an adverse outcome in some matters could harm the reputation of the Group or have a material 
adverse effect on its operating results, financial condition and prospects arising from any penalties imposed or 
compensation awarded, together with the costs of defending such an action, thereby reducing its profitability.   
The Group is subject to review by tax authorities, and an incorrect interpretation of tax laws and regulations by 
the Group may have a material adverse effect on it. 
The preparation of the tax returns of the Group requires the use of estimates and interpretations of complex tax 
laws and regulations and is subject to review by tax authorities. The Group is subject to the income tax laws of 
Spain and the other jurisdictions in which it operates. These tax laws are complex and subject to different 
interpretations by the taxpayer and relevant governmental tax authorities, which are sometimes subject to 
prolonged evaluation periods until a final resolution is reached. In establishing a provision for income tax expense 
and filing returns, the Group must make judgements and interpretations about the application of these inherently 
complex tax laws. If the judgement, estimates and assumptions the Group uses in preparing its tax returns are 
subsequently found to be incorrect, there could be a material adverse effect on Group's results of operations. In 
some jurisdictions, the interpretations of the tax authorities are unpredictable and frequently involve litigation, 
which introduces further uncertainty and risk as to tax expense. 
The Group may not be able to detect or prevent money laundering and other criminal financial activities fully or 
on a timely basis, which could expose it to additional liability and could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group. 
The Group is required to comply with applicable anti-money laundering ("AML"), anti-terrorism, anti-bribery 
and corruption, sanctions and other laws and regulations applicable to it.  
These laws and regulations require the Group, among other things, to conduct full customer due diligence 
(including sanctions and politically-exposed person screening), keep its customer, account and transaction 
information up to date and have implemented financial crime policies and procedures detailing what is required 
from those responsible. The Group is also required to conduct AML training for its employees and to report 
suspicious transactions and activity to appropriate law enforcement following full investigation by Group's local 
AML team.

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
Financial crime has become the subject of enhanced regulatory scrutiny and supervision by regulators globally. 
AML, antiterrorism, anti-bribery and corruption and sanctions laws and regulations are increasingly complex and 
detailed. The Basel Committee is now introducing guidelines to strengthen the interaction and cooperation 
between prudential and AML or combating the financing of terrorism ("CFT") supervisors. Compliance with 
these laws and regulations requires automated systems, sophisticated monitoring and skilled compliance 
personnel. 
The Group maintains updated policies and procedures aimed at detecting and preventing the use of its banking 
network for money laundering and other financial crime related activities. However, emerging technologies, such 
as cryptocurrencies and block-chain, could limit Group's ability to track the movement of funds. The ability of the 
Group to comply with the legal requirements depends on its capacity to improve detection and reporting 
capabilities and reduce variation in control processes and oversight accountability. These require implementation 
and embedding within the Group's business effective controls and monitoring, which in turn requires on-going 
changes to systems and operational activities. 
Financial crime is continually evolving and, as noted, is subject to increasingly stringent regulatory oversight and 
focus. This requires proactive and adaptable responses from the Group so that the Group is able to deter threats 
and criminality effectively. As a global bank, the Group is particularly exposed to this risk. Even known threats 
can never be fully eliminated, and there will be instances where the Group may be used by other parties to engage 
in money laundering and other illegal or improper activities. In addition , the Group relies heavily on its employees 
to assist the Group by spotting such activities and reporting them, and its employees have varying degrees of 
experience in recognizing criminal tactics and understanding the level of sophistication of criminal organisations. 
Where the Group outsources any of its customer due diligence, customer screening or anti financial crime 
operations, it remains responsible and accountable for full compliance and any breaches. If the Group is unable 
to apply the necessary scrutiny and oversight of third parties to whom it outsources certain tasks and processes, 
there remains a risk of regulatory breach. 
If the Group is unable to fully comply with applicable laws, regulations and expectations, regulators and relevant 
law enforcement agencies have the ability and authority to impose significant fines and other penalties on the 
Group, including requiring a complete review of its business systems, day-to-day supervision by external 
consultants and ultimately the revocation of the Group’s banking licence. 
The reputational damage to the business of the Group and global brand would be severe if it were found to have 
breached AML, anti-terrorism, anti-bribery and corruption or sanctions requirements. Its reputation could also 
suffer if the Group is unable to protect its customers' bank products and services from being used by criminals for 
illegal or improper purposes. 
The Brazilian Federal Public Prosecutor's Office, or "MPF", has charged one of the Group's officers in connection 
with the alleged bribery of a Brazilian tax auditor to secure favourable decisions in tax cases resulting in a claimed 
R$83 million (approximately US$25 million) benefit to the Group. On 23 October 2018, the officer was formally 
indicted and asked to present his defence. On 5 November 2018 the officer in question presented his defence. The 
proceedings are currently in course. The Group is not a party to these proceedings and has voluntarily provided 
information to the Brazilian authorities and relinquished the benefit of certain tax credits to which the allegations 
relate in order to show good faith. 
In addition, while the Group reviews its relevant counterparties' internal policies and procedures with respect to 
such matters, it, to a large degree, relies upon its relevant counterparties to maintain and properly apply their own 
appropriate compliance procedures and internal policies. Such measures, procedures and internal policies may not 
be completely effective in preventing third parties from using its (and its relevant counterparties') services as a 
conduit for illicit purposes (including illegal cash operations) without the Group's (and its relevant counterparties') 
knowledge. If the Group is associated with, or even accused of being associated with, breaches of AML, anti-
bribery, anti-terrorism, or sanctions requirements the Group's reputation could suffer and/or it could become 
subject to fines, sanctions and/or legal enforcement (including being added to 'black lists' that would prohibit 
certain parties from engaging in transactions with the Group), any one of which could have a material adverse 
effect on its operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
Any such risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operating results, financial condition and 
prospects. 
Changes in taxes and other assessments may adversely affect the Group.

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
The legislatures and tax authorities in the tax jurisdictions in which the Group operates regularly enact reforms to 
the tax and other assessment regimes to which it and its customers are subject to. Such reforms include changes 
in tax rates and, occasionally, enactment of temporary taxes, the proceeds of which are earmarked for designated 
governmental purposes.  
The effects of these changes and any other changes that result from enactment of additional tax reforms cannot be 
quantified and there can be no assurance that any such reforms would not have an adverse effect upon the business 
of the Group. 
Liquidity and Funding Risks 
Liquidity and funding risks are inherent in the Group's business and could have a material adverse effect on it. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group either does not have available sufficient financial resources to meet its 
obligations as they fall due or can secure them only at excessive cost. This risk is inherent in any retail and 
commercial banking business and can be heightened by a number of enterprise-specific factors, including over-
reliance on a particular source of funding, changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as market 
dislocation, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. While the Group has in place liquidity management 
processes to seek to mitigate and control these risks as well as a model based on autonomous subsidiaries in terms 
of capital and liquidity which limits the possibility of contagion between the units of the Group, unforeseen 
systemic market factors make it difficult to eliminate completely these risks. Constraints in the supply of liquidity, 
including in inter-bank lending, could materially and adversely affect the cost of funding of the Group’s business, 
and extreme liquidity constraints may affect its current operations and its ability to fulfil regulatory liquidity 
requirements, as well as limit growth possibilities. 
The cost of the Group to obtain funding is directly related to prevailing interest rates and to its credit spreads. 
Increases in interest rates and/or in its credit spreads can significantly increase the cost of its funding. Credit 
spreads variations are market-driven and may be influenced by market perceptions of the creditworthiness of the 
Group. Changes in interest rates and in the credit spreads of the Group occur continuously and may be 
unpredictable and highly volatile. 
The Group relies, and will continue to rely, primarily on retail deposits to fund lending activities. The ongoing 
availability of this type of funding is sensitive to a variety of factors beyond the Group's control, such as general 
economic conditions and the confidence of retail depositors in the economy and in the financial services industry, 
and the availability and extent of deposit guarantees, as well as competition for deposits between banks or with 
other products, such as mutual funds. Any of these factors could significantly increase the amount of retail deposit 
withdrawals in a short period of time, thereby reducing the ability of the Group to access retail deposit funding on 
appropriate terms, or at all, in the future. If these circumstances were to arise, this could have a material adverse 
effect on the operating results of the Group, financial condition and prospects.  
Central banks have taken extraordinary measures to increase liquidity in the financial markets as a response to the 
financial crisis and the covid-19 crisis. If current facilities were rapidly removed or significantly reduced, this 
could have an adverse effect on the  ability of the Group to access liquidity and on the Group's funding costs. 
Additionally, the activities of the Group could be adversely impacted by liquidity tensions arising from 
generalized drawdowns of committed credit lines to the customers of the Group. 
Santander cannot assure that in the event of a sudden or unexpected shortage of funds in the banking system, the 
Group will be able to maintain levels of funding without incurring high funding costs, a reduction in the term of 
funding instruments or the liquidation of certain assets. If this were to happen, the Group could be materially 
adversely affected. 
Finally, the implementation of internationally accepted liquidity ratios might require changes in business practices 
that affect the profitability of the Group. The liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR") is a liquidity standard that measures 
if banks have sufficient high-quality liquid assets to cover expected net cash outflows over a 30-day liquidity 
stress period. At 31 December 2020, the LCR ratio of the Group was 168 per cent., above the 100 per cent. 
minimum requirement. The net stable funding ration ("NSFR") provides a sustainable maturity structure of assets 
and liabilities such that banks maintain a stable funding profile in relation to their activities. At the end of 2020, 
the NSFR ratio of the Group stood at 120 per cent. for the Group and over 100 per cent. for all of the Group's 
main subsidiaries.

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
Credit, market and liquidity risk may have an adverse effect on the credit ratings of the Group and its cost of 
funds. Any downgrade in the credit rating of the Group would likely  increase its cost of funding,  require the 
Group to post additional collateral or take other actions under some of its derivative and other contracts and 
adversely affect its interest margins and results of operations.  
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which the Group is able to obtain funding. Rating agencies 
regularly evaluate the Group, and their ratings of the Group's debt are based on a number of factors, including its 
financial strength and conditions affecting the financial services industry. In addition, due to the methodology of 
the main rating agencies, the Group's credit rating is affected by the rating of Spanish sovereign debt. If Spain's 
sovereign debt is downgraded, the Group's credit rating would also likely be downgraded by an equivalent amount. 
Any downgrade in the Group's debt credit ratings would likely increase its borrowing costs and require the Group 
to post additional collateral or take other actions under some of its derivative and other contracts, and could limit 
the Group’s access to capital markets and adversely affect its commercial business. For example, a ratings 
downgrade could adversely affect the Group's ability to sell or market some of its products, engage in certain 
longer-term and derivatives transactions and retain the Group’s customers, particularly customers who need a 
minimum rating threshold in order to invest. In addition, under the terms of certain of the Group's derivative 
contracts and other financial commitments, it may be required to maintain a minimum credit rating or terminate 
such contracts or require the posting of collateral. Any of these results of a ratings downgrade could reduce 
theGroup's liquidity and have an adverse effect on it, including on its operating results and financial condition. 
The Group has the following ratings by the major rating agencies:  
 
Rating agency 
Long 
Short 
Last report 
date 
Outlook 
The Guarantor 
 
 
 
 
Fitch Ratings (1) 
A- 
F2 
June 2021 
Stable 
Moody's (2) 
A2 
P-1 
July 2021 
Stable 
Standard & Poor's (3) 
A 
A-1 
June 2021 
Stable 
DBRS Morningstar (4) 
A (High) 
R-1 (Medium) 
October 2020 
Stable 
Santander UK, plc 
 
 
 
 
Fitch Ratings (1) 
A+ 
F1 
September 2020 
Negative 
Moody's (2) 
A1 
P-1 
October 2020 
Stable 
Standard & Poor's (3) 
A 
A-1 
June 2020 
Stable 
Banco Santander (Brasil), S.A. 
 
 
 
 
Moody's (2) 
Ba1 
- 
December 2020 
Stable 
Standard & Poor's (3) 
BB- 
B 
August 2020 
Stable 
(1) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch Ratings). 
(2) Moody's Investor Service Spain, S.A. (Moody's). 
(3) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (Standard & Poor's). 
(4) DBRS Ratings GmbH (DBRS Morningstar). 
The Group conducts substantially all of its material derivative activities through the Guarantor and Santander UK. 
The Group estimates that as of 31 December 2020, if all the rating agencies were to downgrade the Guarantor's 
long-term senior debt ratings by one notch the Group would be required to post up to €85 million in additional 
collateral pursuant to derivative and other financial contracts. A hypothetical two-notch downgrade would result 
in a further requirement to post up to €258 million in additional collateral. The Group estimates that as of 31 
December 2020, if all the rating agencies were to downgrade Santander UK's long-term credit ratings by one 
notch, and thereby trigger a short-term credit rating downgrade, this could result in contractual outflows from 
Santander UK's total liquid assets of GBP 1.5 billion of cash and additional collateral that Santander UK would 
be required to post under the terms of secured funding and derivatives contracts. A hypothetical two-notch 
downgrade would result in a further outflow of GBP 1.9 billion of cash and collateral under secured funding and 
derivatives contracts.

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
While certain potential impacts of these downgrades are contractual and quantifiable, the full consequences of a 
credit rating downgrade are inherently uncertain, as they depend upon numerous dynamic, complex and inter-
related factors and assumptions, including market conditions at the time of any downgrade, whether any 
downgrade of the Group's long-term credit rating precipitates downgrades to its short-term credit rating, and 
assumptions about the potential behaviours of various customers, investors and counterparties. Actual outflows 
could be higher or lower than the preceding hypothetical examples, depending upon certain factors including 
which credit rating agency downgrades the Group's credit rating, any management or restructuring actions that 
could be taken to reduce cash outflows and the potential liquidity impact from loss of unsecured funding (such as 
from money market funds) or loss of secured funding capacity. Although unsecured and secured funding stresses 
are included in the Group's stress testing scenarios and a portion of its total liquid assets is held against these risks, 
a credit rating downgrade could still have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
In addition, if the Group were required to cancel its derivatives contracts with certain counterparties and were 
unable to replace such contracts, the Group's market risk profile could be altered. 
There can be no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain the current ratings or outlooks. In general, the 
future evolution of the Group's ratings is linked, to a large extent, to the macroeconomic outlook and to the impact 
of the covid-19 pandemic (including, for example, a new wave, new lockdowns, etc.) on the asset quality, 
profitability and capital of the Group. Failure to maintain favourable ratings and outlooks could increase the 
Group's cost of funding and adversely affect interest margins, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group. 
Credit Risks 
The credit quality of the loan portfolio of the Group may deteriorate and the Group's loan loss reserves could be 
insufficient to cover its loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties 
are inherent to a wide range of the businesses of the Group. Non-performing or low credit quality loans have in 
the past negatively impacted the Group's results of operations and could do so in the future. In particular, the 
amount of the  reported non-performing loans of the Group may increase in the future as a result of growth in the 
Group's total loan portfolio, including as a result of loan portfolios that the Group may acquire in the future (the 
credit quality of which may turn out to be worse than it had anticipated), or factors beyond the Group's control, 
such as adverse changes in the credit quality of its borrowers and counterparties or a general deterioration in 
economic conditions in the regions where the Group operates or in global economic and political conditions, 
including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. In response to covid-19, with the purpose of helping the customers 
of the Group from the credit perspective and foster their economic resilience, the Group has implemented several 
actions, including (i) providing liquidity and credit facilities to customers facing hardship; (ii) granting payment 
deferrals in outstanding loans under the EBA Guidelines on moratoria; (iii) focus credit risk management on those 
economic sectors more affected by the pandemic; (iv) focus on the collections & recoveries readiness across the 
Group; and (v) quantifying the provisions overlay on the expected credit losses as a result of the macroeconomic 
shock. If the Group was unable to control the level of its non-performing or poor credit quality loans, this could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
The  loan loss reserves of the Group are based on its current assessment of and expectations concerning various 
factors affecting the quality of its loan portfolio. These factors include, among other things, the financial condition 
of the borrowers of the Group, repayment abilities and repayment intentions, the realizable value of any collateral, 
the prospects for support from any guarantor, government macroeconomic policies, interest rates and the legal 
and regulatory environment. Because many of these factors are beyond the Group's control and there is no 
infallible method for predicting loan and credit losses, the Group cannot assure that its current or future loan loss 
reserves will be sufficient to cover actual losses. If the Group's assessment of and expectations concerning the 
above mentioned factors differ from actual developments, if the quality of its total loan portfolio deteriorates, for 
any reason, or if the future actual losses exceed the  estimates of expected losses of the Group, it may be required 
to increase its loan loss reserves, which may adversely affect the Group. Additionally, in calculating the Group's 
loan loss reserves, the Group employs qualitative tools and statistical models which may not be reliable in all 
circumstances and which are dependent upon data that may not be complete.  
On 31 December 2020, the credit risk of the Group (which includes gross loans and advances to customers, 
guarantees and documentary credits) amounted to €989,456 million (compared to €1,016,507 million as of 31 
December 2019).

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
The loan portfolio of the Group is mainly located in Europe (in particular, Spain and the UK), North America (in 
particular, the United States) and South America (in particular, Brazil). At 31 December 2020, Europe accounted 
for 74 per cent. of the Group's total loan portfolio (Spain accounted for 21 per cent. of its total loan portfolio and 
the UK, where the loan portfolio consists primarily of residential mortgages, accounted for 28 per cent.), North 
America accounted for 13 per cent. (of which the United States represents 10 per cent. of its total loan portfolio) 
and South America accounted for 12 per cent. (Brazil represents 7 per cent. of its total loan portfolio). 
Accordingly, the recoverability of these loan portfolios in particular, and the ability of the Group to increase the 
amount of loans outstanding and its results of operations and financial condition in general, are dependent to a 
significant extent on the level of economic activity in Europe (in particular, Spain and the UK), North America 
and South America.  
Mortgage loans are one of the Group's principal assets, comprising 44 per cent. of its loan portfolio as of 31 
December 2020. The exposure of the Group is concentrated in residential mortgage loans, especially in Spain and 
the UK. If Spain or the UK returned to situations of economic stagnation, persistent housing oversupply, decreased 
housing demand, rising unemployment, subdued earnings growth, greater pressure on disposable income, a 
decline in the availability of mortgage finance or continued global markets volatility, home prices could decline, 
while mortgage delinquencies and forbearances could increase. At 31 December 2020, the NPL ratio of residential 
mortgage loans for the Group in Spain and the UK was 2.96 per cent. and 0.99 per cent., respectively. 
At 31 December 2020 the total Group NPL ratio stood at 3.21 per cent. as compared to 3.32 per cent. at 31 
December 2019. Coverage as of 31 December 2020 was 76.4 per cent. as compared to 67.9 per cent. a year earlier. 
The Group can provide no assurance that the Group NPL ratio will not increase as a result of the aforementioned 
and other factors. High unemployment rates, coupled with declining real estate prices, could have a material 
adverse impact on the mortgage payment delinquency rates of the Group, which in turn could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss (net) in 
2020 was €12,382 million, a 32 per cent. increase as compared to 2019 mainly due to expected credit losses arising 
from the covid-19 pandemic. 
At 31 December 2020, the gross amount of the Group’s refinancing and restructuring operations was €29,159 
million (3.1 per cent. of total gross loans and credits), of which €12,728 million have real estate collateral. At the 
same date, the net amount of non-current assets held for sale amounted €4,445 million; €4,081 million of which 
were foreclosed assets, with a coverage ratio of 48 per cent. on the gross amount of these assets. 
The value of the collateral securing the Group's loans  may not be sufficient, and the Group may be unable to 
realise the full value of the collateral securing its loan portfolio. 
The value of the collateral securing the Group's loan portfolio may fluctuate or decline due to factors beyond its 
control, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and macroeconomic factors affecting Europe, North 
American countries and South American countries. The value of the collateral securing its loan portfolio may be 
adversely affected by force majeure events, such as natural disasters, particularly in locations where a significant 
portion of its loan portfolio is composed of real estate loans. 
The Group may also not have sufficiently recent information on the value of collateral, which may result in an 
inaccurate assessment for impairment losses of its loans secured by such collateral. 
If any of the above were to occur, the Group may need to make additional provisions to cover actual impairment 
losses of its loans, which may materially and adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. 
At 31 December 2020, 44 per cent. of the Group's loans and advances to customers have property collateral, while 
21 per cent, have other types of collateral (securities, pledges and others).  
In addition, auto industry technology changes, accelerated by environmental rules, could affect the auto consumer 
business of the Group in the EU and the United States (the "US"), particularly residual values of leased vehicles, 
which could have a material adverse effect on its operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group is subject to counterparty risk in its banking business. 
The Group is exposed to counterparty risk in addition to credit risks associated with lending activities. 
Counterparty risk may arise from, for example, investing in securities of third parties, entering into derivative 
contracts under which counterparties have obligations to make payments to the Group or executing securities,

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
futures, currency or commodity trades from proprietary trading activities that fail to settle at the required time due 
to non-delivery by the counterparty or systems failure by clearing agents, clearing houses or other financial 
intermediaries.  
The Group routinely transacts with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, 
commercial banks, investment banks, mutual funds, hedge funds and other institutional clients. Defaults by, and 
even rumours or questions about the solvency of, certain financial institutions and the financial services industry 
generally have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by other institutions. 
Many of the routine transactions the Group enters into expose it to significant credit risk in the event of default 
by one of its significant counterparties. 
Market Risks 
The Group's financial results are constantly exposed to market risk. The Group is subject to fluctuations in interest 
rates and other market risks, which may materially and adversely affect the Group and its profitability. 
The covid-19 pandemic has caused high market volatility which may materially and adversely affect the Group 
and its trading and banking book. 
Market risk refers to the probability of variations in the Group's interest income/(charges) or in the market value 
of its assets and liabilities due to volatility of interest rate, inflation, exchange rate or equity price. Changes in 
interest rates affect the  following areas, among others, of the business of the Group: 
 
interest income/ (charges); 
 
the volume of loans originated; 
 
credit spreads; 
 
the market value of its securities holdings; 
 
the value of its loans and deposits; and  
 
the value of its derivatives transactions. 
Interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Group's control, including increased regulation of the 
financial sector, monetary policies and domestic and international economic and political conditions. Variations 
in interest rates could affect the interest earned on the assets and the interest paid on the borrowings of the Group, 
thereby affecting its interest income/ (charges), which comprises the majority of its revenue, reducing the growth 
rate of the Group and potentially resulting in losses. In addition, costs in which the Group incurs as it implements 
strategies to reduce interest rate exposure could increase in the future (which, in turn, will impact the results of 
the Group). 
Increases in interest rates may reduce the volume of loans that the Group originates. Sustained high interest rates 
have historically discouraged customers from borrowing and have resulted in increased delinquencies in 
outstanding loans and deterioration in the quality of assets. Increases in interest rates may reduce the value of 
theGroup's financial assets and may reduce gains or require the Group to record losses on sales of its loans or 
securities. 
Due to the historically low interest rate environment in the eurozone, in the UK and in the US in recent years, the 
rates on many of the Group's interest-bearing deposit products have been priced at or near zero or negative, 
limiting its ability to further reduce rates and thus negatively impacting its margins. If the current low interest rate 
environment in the eurozone, in the UK and in the US persists in the long run, it may be difficult to increase the 
interest income/ (charges) of the Group, which will impact its results. 
The Group is also exposed to foreign exchange rate risk as a result of mismatches between assets and liabilities 
denominated in different currencies. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between currencies may negatively affect 
the earnings and value of the assets and securities of the Group.  
The Group is also exposed to equity price risk in its investments in equity securities in the banking book and in 
the trading portfolio. The performance of financial markets may cause changes in the value of its investment and 
trading portfolios. The volatility of world equity markets due to the continued economic uncertainty and sovereign

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
debt crisis has had a particularly strong impact on the financial sector. Continued volatility may affect the value 
of the investments of the Group in equity securities and, depending on their fair value and future recovery 
expectations, could become a permanent impairment which would be subject to write-offs against its results.  
Variations in the market value of the assets and liabilities of the Group 
The market risk in relation to the change in the market value of the assets and liabilities of the Group refers to the 
loss of value of assets or increase in the value of liabilities due to fluctuations in their prices in the markets where 
those assets or liabilities are traded, or even if not traded, in the value that a third party outside the Group would 
be willing to offer in a hypothetical transaction. 
The standard methodology that the Group applies for risk management is Value at Risk ("VaR"), which measures 
the maximum expected loss within a certain confidence level and time frame.  
In relation to structural balance sheet risks: 
 
At 31 December 2020, the maximum expected loss in the value of assets and liabilities due to variations 
in interest rate was €345.5 million (€629.7 million and €319.5 million at 31 December 2019 and 2018, 
respectively), measured with a VaR confidence level of 99 per cent. and a temporary horizon of one day. 
 
At 31 December 2020, the maximum expected loss in the value of assets and liabilities due to variations 
in exchange rate was €502.6 million (€331.7 million and €324.9 million at 31 December 2019 and 2018, 
respectively), measured with a VaR confidence level of 99 per cent. and a temporary horizon of one day. 
 
At 31 December 2020, the maximum expected loss in the value of assets and liabilities due to variations 
in equity portfolio was €318.5 million (€169.8 million and €180.1 million at 31 December 2019 and 
2018, respectively), measured with a VaR confidence level of 99 per cent. and a temporary horizon of 
one day. 
In relation to the trading portfolio, the Santander Corporate & Investment Banking segment VaR closed December 
2020 with €8.3 million. 
If any of these risks were to materialise, net interest income or the market value of the Group's assets and liabilities 
could suffer a material adverse impact. 
The Group is subject to market, operational and other related risks associated with its derivative transactions 
that could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
The Group enters into derivative transactions for trading purposes as well as for hedging purposes. The Group is 
subject to market, credit and operational risks associated with these transactions, including basis risk (the risk of 
loss associated with variations in the spread between the asset yield and the funding and/or hedge cost) and credit 
or default risk (the risk of insolvency or other inability of the counterparty to a particular transaction to perform 
its obligations thereunder, including providing sufficient collateral). 
Market practices and documentation for derivative transactions differ by country. In addition, the execution and 
performance of these transactions depend on the Group's ability to maintain adequate control and administration 
systems. Moreover, the Group's ability to adequately monitor, analyse and report derivative transactions continues 
to depend, largely, on its information technology systems. These factors further increase the risks associated with 
these transactions and could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
At 31 December 2020, the notional value of the trading derivatives in the books of the Group amounted to 
€5,830,329 million (with a market value of €67,137 million of debit balance and €64,469 million of credit 
balance).  
At 31 December 2020, the nominal value of the hedging derivatives in the books of the Group within its financial 
risk management strategy and with the aim of reducing asymmetries in the accounting treatment of its operations 
amounted to €360,626 million (with market value of €8,325 million in assets and €6,869 million in liabilities).

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
Market conditions have resulted and could result in material changes to the estimated fair values of the Group's 
financial assets. Negative fair value adjustments could have a material adverse effect on its operating results, 
financial condition and prospects. 
In the past, financial markets have been subject to significant stress resulting in steep falls in perceived or actual 
financial asset values, particularly due to volatility in global financial markets and the resulting widening of credit 
spreads, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. The Group has material exposures to securities, loans and 
other investments that are recorded at fair value and are therefore exposed to potential negative fair value 
adjustments. Asset valuations in future periods, reflecting then-prevailing market conditions, may result in 
negative changes in the fair values of the financial assets of the Group and these may also translate into increased 
impairments. In addition, the value ultimately realized by the Group on disposal may be lower than the current 
fair value. Any of these factors could require the Group to record negative fair value adjustments, which may have 
a material adverse effect on its operating results, financial condition or prospects. 
In addition, to the extent that fair values are determined using financial valuation models, such values may be 
inaccurate or subject to change, as the data used by such models may not be available or may become unavailable 
due to changes in market conditions, particularly for illiquid assets, and particularly in times of economic 
instability. In such circumstances, its valuation methodologies require the Group to make assumptions, 
judgements and estimates in order to establish fair value, and reliable assumptions are difficult to make and are 
inherently uncertain and valuation models are complex, making them inherently imperfect predictors of actual 
results. Any consequential impairments or write-downs could have a material adverse effect on the operating 
results, financial condition and prospects of the Group. 
Risks related to the industry of the Group 
Goodwill impairments may be required in relation to acquired businesses. 
The Group has made business acquisitions in recent years and may make further acquisitions in the future. It is 
possible that the goodwill which has been attributed, or may be attributed, to these businesses may have to be 
written-down if Group's valuation assumptions are required to be reassessed as a result of any deterioration in 
their underlying profitability, asset quality and other relevant matters. Impairment testing in respect of goodwill 
is performed annually, or more frequently if there are impairment indicators present, and comprises a comparison 
of the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit with its recoverable amount. Goodwill impairment does not, 
however, affect the regulatory capital of the Group. In 2019 the Group recognized an impairment of goodwill of 
€1,491 million in Santander UK. In 2020, considering the economic and business environment resulting from 
covid-19, the Group recognized an impairment of goodwill of €10,100 million (of which €6,101 million 
corresponded to Santander UK, €1,192 million to Santander Bank Polska, €1,177 million to Santander Bank, 
National Association, €1,153 million to Santander Consumer USA, and €277 million to Santander Consumer 
Nordics). 
Changes in the  pension liabilities and obligations of the Group could have a material adverse effect on it. 
The Group provides retirement benefits for many of its former and current employees through a number of defined 
benefit pension plans. The Group calculates the amount of its defined benefit obligations using actuarial 
techniques and assumptions, including mortality rates, the rate of increase of salaries, discount rates, inflation, the 
expected rate of return on plan assets, and others. The accounting and disclosures are based on IFRS-IASB and 
on those other requirements defined by the local supervisors. Given the nature of these obligations, changes in the 
assumptions that support valuations, including market conditions, can result in actuarial losses which would in 
turn impact the financial condition of the Group's pension funds. Because pension obligations are generally long 
term obligations, fluctuations in interest rates have a material impact on the projected costs of its defined benefit 
obligations and therefore on the amount of pension expense that it accrues. 
Any increase in the current size of the funding deficit in the Group's defined benefit pension plans could result in 
the Group having to make increased contributions to reduce or satisfy the deficits, which would divert resources 
from use in other areas of its business. Any such increase may be due to certain factors over which the Group has 
no or limited control. Increases in its pension liabilities and obligations could have a material adverse effect on its 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
At 31 December 2020, the provision for pensions and other obligations of the Group amounted to €5,727 million.

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
The Group depends in part upon dividends and other funds from subsidiaries. 
Some of the Group's operations are conducted through its financial services subsidiaries. As a result, its  ability 
to pay dividends, to the extent the Group decides to do so, depends in part on the ability of its subsidiaries to 
generate earnings and to pay dividends. Payment of dividends, distributions and advances by the Group's 
subsidiaries will be contingent upon their earnings and business considerations and is or may be limited by legal, 
regulatory and contractual restrictions. For instance, the repatriation of dividends from its Argentinian subsidiaries 
have been subject to certain restrictions. Currently, distribution of results is suspended until 30 June 
2021.Additionally, the Group's right to receive any assets of any of its subsidiaries as an equity holder of such 
subsidiaries upon their liquidation or reorganisation will be effectively subordinated to the claims of its 
subsidiaries' creditors, including trade creditors. The Group also has to comply with increased capital 
requirements, which could result in the imposition of restrictions or prohibitions on Discretionary Payments 
including the payment of dividends and other distributions to the Group by its subsidiaries. For instance, the ECB 
adopted on 27 March 2020 its Recommendation ECB 2020/19, recommending banks not to pay dividends or buy 
back shares during the covid-19 pandemic until at least 1 October 2020. On 28 July 2020, the ECB extended this 
recommendation until 1 January 2021. Lastly, on 15 December 2020, the ECB issued its recommendation 2020/35 
on dividend distributions during the covid-19 pandemic and repealing its previous recommendation on this matter, 
by which it recommends that banks under the scope of its direct supervision exercise extreme prudence on 
dividends and share buy-backs. The ECB asked the banks to consider not distributing any cash dividends or 
conducting share buy-backs, or to limit such distributions until 30 September 2021. Given the persisting 
uncertainty over the economic impact of the covid-19 pandemic, the ECB also considers that it would not be 
prudent for credit institutions to consider making a distribution and share buy-backs amounting to more than 15 
per cent. of their accumulated profit for the financial years 2019 and 2020, or more than 20 basis points in terms 
of the CET1 ratio, whichever is lower.   
In relation to the UK, on 31 March 2020, the Prudential Regulation Authority (the "PRA") at the Bank of England 
sent a letter to Santander UK requesting to suspend the payment of dividends until the end of 2020. On 10 
December 2020, the PRA published its statement on capital distributions by large UK banks, on which it stated 
that there was scope for banks to recommence some distributions should their boards choose to do so, within an 
appropriately prudent framework. In connection with full-year 2020 results, the PRA considers that distributions 
should not exceed the highest of 20 basis points of Risk Weight Assets ("RWAs") at the end of 2020 or 25 per 
cent. of cumulative eight-quarter profits covering 2019 and 2020 after deducting prior shareholder distributions 
over that period. Dividend income from Santander UK Group Holdings Ltd in 2020 amounted to €186 million.  
To the extent that these recommendations, or other similar measures that may be taken by supervisors from other 
geographies, are applied by some of the subsidiaries of the Group, it could have a material adverse effect on its 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
At 31 December 2020, dividend income for the Guarantor represented 49 per cent. of its total income. 
Increased competition, including from non-traditional providers of banking services such as financial technology 
providers, and industry consolidation may adversely affect the Group's results of operations.  
The Group faces substantial competition in all parts of its business, including in payments, in originating loans 
and in attracting deposits. The competition in originating loans comes principally from other domestic and foreign 
banks, mortgage banking companies, consumer finance companies, insurance companies and other lenders and 
purchasers of loans. 
In addition, there has been a trend towards consolidation in the banking industry, which has created larger and 
stronger banks with which the Group must now compete. There can be no assurance that this increased 
competition will not adversely affect its growth prospects, and therefore its operations. The Group also faces 
competition from non-bank competitors, such as brokerage companies, department stores (for some credit 
products), leasing and factoring companies, mutual fund and pension fund management companies and insurance 
companies. 
Non-traditional providers of banking services, such as Internet based e-commerce providers, mobile telephone 
companies and Internet search engines may offer and/or increase their offerings of financial products and services 
directly to customers. These non-traditional providers of banking services currently have an advantage over 
traditional providers because they are not subject to banking regulation. Several of these competitors may have 
long operating histories, large customer bases, strong brand recognition and significant financial, marketing and

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
other resources. They may adopt more aggressive pricing and rates and devote more resources to technology, 
infrastructure and marketing.  
New competitors may enter the market or existing competitors may adjust their services with unique product or 
service offerings or approaches to providing banking services. If the Group is unable to successfully compete with 
current and new competitors, or if it is unable to anticipate and adapt its offerings to changing banking industry 
trends, including technological changes, its business may be adversely affected. In addition, the Group's failure to 
effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging technologies or changes in customer behaviour, including among 
younger customers, could delay or prevent its access to new digital-based markets, which would in turn have an 
adverse effect on its competitive position and business. 
Furthermore, the widespread adoption of new technologies, including distributed ledger, artificial intelligence 
and/or biometrics, to provide services such as cryptocurrencies and payments, could require substantial 
expenditures to modify or adapt the existing products and services of the Group as it continues to grow its Internet 
and mobile banking capabilities. Its customers may choose to conduct business or offer products in areas that may 
be considered speculative or risky. Such new technologies and mobile banking platforms in recent years could 
negatively impact the value of the investments of the Group in bank premises, equipment and personnel for its 
branch network. The persistence or acceleration of this shift in demand towards Internet and mobile banking may 
necessitate changes to its retail distribution strategy, which may include closing and/or selling certain branches 
and restructuring its remaining branches and work force. These actions could lead to losses on these assets and 
may lead to increased expenditures to renovate, reconfigure or close a number of its remaining branches or to 
otherwise reform its retail distribution channel. Furthermore, if the Group fails to swiftly and effectively 
implement such changes to its distribution strategy could have an adverse effect its competitive position. 
In particular, the Group faces the challenge to compete in an ecosystem where the relationship with the consumer 
is based on access to digital data and interactions. This access is increasingly dominated by digital platforms who 
are already eroding its results in very relevant markets such as payments. This privileged access to data can be 
used as a leverage to compete with the Group in other adjacent markets and may reduce its operations and margins 
in core businesses such as lending or wealth management. The alliances that its competitors are starting to build 
with Bigtechs can make it more difficult for the Group to successfully compete with them and could adversely 
affect it. 
Increasing competition could also require that the Group increases its rates offered on deposits or lower the rates 
it charges on loans, which could also have a material adverse effect on the Group, including its profitability. It 
may also negatively affect its business results and prospects by, among other things, limiting its ability to increase 
its customer base and expand its operations and increasing competition for investment opportunities. 
If the Group's customer service levels were perceived by the market to be materially below those of its competitor 
financial institutions, the Group could lose existing and potential business. If the Group is not successful in 
retaining and strengthening customer relationships, it may lose market share, incur losses on some or all of its 
activities or fail to attract new deposits or retain existing deposits, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
If the Group is unable to manage the growth of its operations or to integrate successfully its inorganic growth, 
this could have an adverse impact on its profitability. 
The Group allocates management and planning resources to develop strategic plans for organic growth, and to 
identify possible acquisitions and disposals and areas for restructuring its businesses. From time to time, the Group 
evaluates acquisition and partnership opportunities that it believes offer additional value to its shareholders and 
are consistent with its business strategy. However, the Group may not be able to identify suitable acquisition or 
partnership candidates, and its ability to benefit from any such acquisitions and partnerships will depend in part 
on its successful integration of those businesses. Any such integration entails significant risks such as unforeseen 
difficulties in integrating operations and systems, unexpected liabilities or contingencies relating to the acquired 
businesses, including legal claims and delivery and execution risks. The Group can give no assurances that its 
expectations with regards to integration and synergies will materialize. It also cannot provide assurance that the 
Group will, in all cases, be able to manage its growth effectively or deliver its strategic growth objectives. 
Challenges that may result from its strategic growth decisions include the ability of the Group to: 
 
manage efficiently the operations and employees of expanding businesses; 
 
maintain or grow its existing customer base;

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
assess the value, strengths and weaknesses of investment or acquisition candidates, including local 
regulation that can reduce or eliminate expected synergies; 
 
finance strategic investments or acquisitions; 
 
align its current information technology systems adequately with those of an enlarged group; 
 
apply its risk management policy effectively to an enlarged group; and 
 
manage a growing number of entities without over-committing management or losing key personnel. 
Any failure to manage growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on its operating results, financial 
condition and prospects. In addition, any acquisition or venture could result in the loss of key employees and 
inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies. 
Moreover, the success of the acquisition or venture will at least in part be subject to a number of political, 
economic and other factors that are beyond the control of the Group. Any of these factors, individually or 
collectively, could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
The Group may not effectively manage risks associated with the replacement or reform of benchmark indices.  
Interest rate, equity, foreign exchange rate and other types of indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, 
including those in widespread and long-standing use, have been the subject of ongoing international, national and 
other regulatory scrutiny and initiatives and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
while others are still to be implemented or are under consideration. These reforms may cause benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences, which cannot be fully 
anticipated.  
Any of the benchmark reforms which have been proposed or implemented, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could also increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of such benchmarks and complying with regulations or requirements relating to them. Such factors may 
have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain 
benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain benchmarks or lead to the disappearance 
of certain benchmarks. 
Any of these developments, and any future initiatives to regulate, reform or change the administration of 
benchmarks, could result in adverse consequences to the return on, value of and market for loans, mortgages, 
securities, derivatives and other financial instruments whose returns are linked to any such benchmark, including 
those issued, funded or held by Banco Santander. 
Various regulators, industry bodies and other market participants in the US and other countries have worked to 
develop, introduce and encourage the use of alternative rates to replace certain benchmarks. A transition away 
from the widespread use of certain benchmarks to alternative rates has begun and will continue over the course of 
the next few years. There is no assurance that these new rates will be accepted or widely used by market 
participants, or that the characteristics of any of these new rates will be similar to, or produce the economic 
equivalent of, the benchmarks that they seek to replace. If a particular benchmark were to be discontinued and an 
alternative rate has not been successfully introduced to replace that benchmark, this could result in widespread 
dislocation in the financial markets, engender volatility in the pricing of securities, derivatives and other 
instruments, and suppress capital markets activities, all of which could have adverse effects on Banco Santander's 
results of operations. In addition, the transition of a particular benchmark to a replacement rate could affect hedge 
accounting relationships between financial instruments linked to that benchmark and any related derivatives, 
which could adversely affect Banco Santander's results. 
On 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA"), which regulates the 
London interbank offered rate (LIBOR), announced that the FCA will no longer persuade or compel banks to 
submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021. On 5 March 2021, the FCA announced the 
future cessation or loss of representativeness of the LIBOR benchmark settings currently published by  ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA"). Pursuant to the latest FCA announcement, publication of (i) all euro 
LIBOR and Swiss franc LIBOR settings, the spot next, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month Japanese yen LIBOR 
settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month sterling LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-month US 
dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 31 December 2021 and (ii) the overnight and 12-month US

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 30 June 2023. In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings 
(that is, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling, US dollar and Japanese yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will 
consult or continue to consider the case for using its proposed powers to require IBA to continue publishing these 
settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, though publication of the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR 
settings would cease permanently at the end of 2022. Nevertheless, the FCA confirmed that, even if it does require 
IBA to continue publishing any of these nine remaining LIBOR settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, such settings will 
no longer be representative of the underlying market and the economic reality that such settings are intended to 
measure and representativeness will not be restored. Therefore, after 31 December 2021 (or 30 June 2023 in 
relation to the overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month US dollar LIBOR settings) all LIBOR settings 
will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative.  
The Bank of England is publishing a reformed Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), comprised of a 
broader set of overnight Sterling money market transactions, which has been selected by the Working Group on 
Sterling Risk-Free Reference Rates as the alternative rate to Sterling LIBOR. In addition, the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York now publishes three reference rates based on overnight US Treasury repurchase agreement 
transactions, including the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), which has been recommended as the 
alternative to US dollar LIBOR. Furthermore, the European Money Market Institute (the "EMMI") announced 
the discontinuation of the EONIA after 3 January 2022 and that from 2 October 2019 until its total discontinuation 
it will be replaced by the €STR plus a spread of 8.5 basis points. Many unresolved issues remain, such as the 
timing of the successor benchmarks' introduction and the transition of a particular benchmark to a replacement 
rate, which could result in widespread dislocation in the financial markets, engender volatility in the pricing of 
securities, derivatives and other instruments, and suppress capital markets activities. These and other reforms may 
cause benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be fully anticipated which introduces a number of risks for the Group.  
These risks include (i) legal risks arising from potential changes required to documentation for new and existing 
transactions; (ii) risk management, financial and accounting risks arising from market risk models and from 
valuation, hedging, discontinuation and recognition of financial instruments linked to benchmark rates; (iii) 
business risk of a decrease in revenues of products linked to indices that will be replaced; (iv) pricing risks arising 
from how changes to benchmark indices could impact pricing mechanisms on some instruments; (v) operational 
risks arising from the potential requirement to adapt IT systems, trade reporting infrastructure and operational 
processes; (vi) conduct risks arising from the potential impact of communication with customers and engagement 
during the transition period and (vii) litigation risks regarding the existing products of the Group and services, 
which could adversely impact its profitability.The replacement benchmarks and their transition path have been 
defined, but the mechanisms for implementation are under development. Accordingly, it is not currently possible 
to determine whether, or to what extent, any such changes would affect the Group. However, the implementation 
of alternative benchmark rates may have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects of the Group. The Group may also be adversely affected if the change restricts its ability 
to provide products and services or if it necessitates the development of additional IT systems. 
Risk Management 
Failure to successfully implement and continue to improve the risk management policies, procedures and methods 
of the Group, including its credit risk management system, could materially and adversely affect the Group, and 
it may be exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks. 
The management of risk is an integral part of the activities of the Group. The Group seeks to monitor and manage 
its risk exposure through a variety of separate but complementary financial, credit, market, operational, 
compliance and legal reporting systems, among others. The board of directors of the Group is responsible for the 
approval of the Group's general policies and strategies, and in particular for the general risk policy. In addition to 
the executive committee, which maintains a special focus on risk, the board has a specific risk supervision, 
regulation and compliance committee. While the Group employs a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring 
and risk mitigation techniques, such techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk 
exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that it may fail to identify 
or anticipate.  
Some of the qualitative tools and metrics of the Group for managing risk are based upon its use of observed 
historical market behaviour. The Group applies statistical and other tools to these observations to arrive at 
quantifications of its risk exposures. These qualitative tools and metrics may fail to predict future risk exposures. 
These risk exposures could, for example, arise from factors the Group did not anticipate or correctly evaluate in 
its statistical models. This would limit its ability to manage its risks. The losses of the Group thus could be

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
significantly greater than the historical measures indicate. In addition, its quantified modelling does not take all 
risks into account. 
The Group's more qualitative approach to managing those risks could prove insufficient, exposing it to material 
unanticipated losses. The Group could face adverse consequences as a result of decisions, which may lead to 
actions by management, based on models that are poorly developed, implemented or used, or as a result of the 
modelled outcome being misunderstood or the use of such information for purposes for which it was not designed. 
If existing or potential customers or counterparties believe the risk management of the Group is inadequate, they 
could take their business elsewhere or seek to limit their transactions with it. Any of these factors could have a 
material adverse effect on the reputation, operating results, financial condition and prospects of the Group. 
As a retail bank, one of the main types of risks inherent to the business of the Group is credit risk. For example, 
an important feature of its credit risk management system is to employ an internal credit rating system to assess 
the particular risk profile of a customer. As this process involves detailed analyses of the customer, considering 
both quantitative and qualitative factors, it is subject to human or IT systems errors. In exercising their judgement 
on current or future credit risk behaviour of the customers of the Group, its employees may not always be able to 
assign an accurate credit rating, which may result in its exposure to higher credit risks than indicated by the 
Group's risk rating system. 
Some of the models and other analytical and judgement-based estimations the Group uses in managing risks are 
subject to review by, and require the approval of, regulators. If models do not comply with all their expectations, 
regulators may require the Group to make changes to such models, may approve them with additional capital 
requirements or it may be precluded from using them. Any of these possible situations could limit the ability of 
the Group to expand its businesses or have a material impact on its financial results 
Failure to effectively implement, consistently monitor or continuously refine the credit risk management system 
of the Group may result in an increase in the level of non-performing loans and a higher risk exposure for the 
Group, which could have a material adverse effect on it. 
Technology Risks 
Any failure to effectively improve or upgrade the information technology infrastructure and management 
information systems of the Group in a timely manner or any failure to successfully implement new cybersecurity 
and data privacy regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
The ability of the Group to remain competitive depends in part on its ability to upgrade its information technology 
on a timely and cost-effective basis. It must continually make significant investments in, and improvements to, 
the information technology infrastructure of the Group in order to meet the needs of its customers. The Group 
cannot assure that in the future it will be able to maintain the level of capital expenditures necessary to support 
the continuous improvement and upgrading of its information technology infrastructure. To the extent that the 
Group is dependent upon any particular technology or technological solution, it may be harmed if such technology 
or technological solution becomes non-compliant with existing industry standards, fails to meet or exceed the 
capabilities of its competitors' equivalent technologies or technological solutions, becomes increasingly expensive 
to service, retain and update, becomes subject to third party claims of intellectual property infringement, 
misappropriation or other violation, or malfunctions or functions in a way the Group did not anticipate. 
Additionally, new technologies and technological solutions are continually being released. As such, it is difficult 
to predict the problems the Group may encounter in improving its technologies' functionality. There is no 
assurance that the Group will be able to successfully adopt new technology as critical systems and applications 
become obsolete and better ones become available. Any failure to effectively improve or upgrade the information 
technology infrastructure and management information systems in a timely and cost-efficient manner could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group. 
In addition, several new and proposed laws, directives and regulations are defining how to manage cybersecurity 
and data protection risks, including with respect to the data breach reporting requirements and supervisory 
processes, among others. These regulations are quite fragmented in terms of definitions, scope and applicability. 
A failure to successfully implement all or some of these new local, state, national and international regulations, 
which in some cases have severe sanctions regimes, could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
Risks relating to data collection, processing and storage systems and security are inherent in the business of the 
Group.

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
Like other financial institutions, the Group receives, manages, processes, holds and transmits proprietary and 
sensitive or confidential information, including personal information of customers and employees in the conduct 
of its banking operations, as well as a large number of assets. Accordingly, the business of the Group depends on 
its ability to process a large number of transactions efficiently and accurately, and on its ability to rely on its digital 
technologies, computer and email services, software and networks, as well as on the secure processing, storage 
and transmission of confidential or sensitive personal data and other information using the computer systems and 
networks of the Group or those of its third party vendors. The proper and secure functioning of its financial 
controls, accounting and other data collection and processing systems is critical to its business and to its ability to 
compete effectively. Cybersecurity incidents and data losses can result from inadequate personnel, inadequate or 
failed internal control processes and systems, or from external events or actors that interrupt normal business 
operations.  The Group also faces the risk that the design of its cybersecurity controls and procedures prove to be 
inadequate or are circumvented such that its data and/or client records are incomplete, not recoverable or not 
securely stored. Any material disruption or slowdown of the systems of the Group could cause information, 
including data related to customer requests, to be lost or to be delivered to its clients with delays or errors, which 
could reduce demand for its services and products, could produce customer claims and could materially and 
adversely affect the Group. 
Although the Group works with its clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties to 
develop secure data and information processing, storage and transmission capabilities to prevent against 
information security risk, the Group routinely manages personal, confidential and proprietary information by 
electronic means, and it may be the target of attempted cyber-attacks or subject to other information security 
incidents or breaches. This is especially applicable in the current response to the covid-19 pandemic and the shift 
the Group has experienced in having a significant part of its employees working from their homes for the time 
being, as its employees access its secure networks through their home networks. If the Group cannot maintain 
effective and secure electronic data and information, management and processing systems or if it fails to maintain 
complete physical and electronic records, this could result in disruptions to its operations, claims from customers, 
regulators, employees and other parties, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, regulatory sanctions and 
serious reputational and financial harm to the Group.  
The Group takes protective measures and continuously monitor and develop its systems to protect its technology 
infrastructure, data and information from misappropriation or corruption, but its third-party vendors' systems, 
software and networks nevertheless may be vulnerable to disruptions and failures caused by unauthorized access 
or misuse, computer viruses, disability devices, phishing attacks or other malicious code, fire, power loss, 
telecommunications failures, employee misconduct, human error, computer hackers, and other events that could 
have a security impact on the Group. An interception, loss, misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or 
proprietary information sent to or received from a client, employee, vendor, service provider, counterparty or 
other third party could result in legal liability, regulatory action, reputational harm and financial loss. There can 
be no absolute assurance that the Group will not suffer material losses from operational risks in the future, 
including those relating to any security breaches. 
The Group has seen in recent years computer systems of companies and organisations being increasingly targeted, 
and the techniques used to obtain unauthorized, improper or illegal access to information technology systems have 
become increasingly complex and sophisticated. Furthermore, such techniques change frequently and are often 
not recognized or detected until after they have been launched and can originate from a wide variety of sources, 
including not only cyber criminals, but also activists and rogue states. The Group has been and continues to be 
subject to a range of cyber-attacks, such as denial of service, malware and phishing. Cyber-attacks could give rise 
to the loss of significant amounts of customer data and other sensitive information, as well as significant levels of 
liquid assets (including cash). In addition, cyber-attacks could disrupt the electronic systems of the Group used to 
service its customers. As attempted attacks continue to evolve in scope and sophistication, the Group may incur 
significant costs in order to modify or enhance its protective measures against such attacks, or to investigate or 
remediate any vulnerability or resulting breach, or in communicating cyber-attacks to its customers or other 
affected individuals. If the Group fails to effectively manage its cybersecurity risk, including by failing to update 
its systems and processes in response to new threats, this could harm its reputation and adversely affect its 
operating results, financial condition and prospects, including through the payment of customer compensation or 
other damages, litigation expenses, regulatory penalties and fines and/or through the loss of assets. In addition, 
the Group may also be impacted by cyber-attacks against national critical infrastructures of the countries where it 
operates, such as telecommunications networks.  The information technology systems of the Group are dependent 
upon such national critical infrastructure and any cyber-attack against such critical infrastructure could negatively 
affect its ability to service its customers.  As the Group does not operate such national critical infrastructure, it has 
limited ability to protect its information technology systems from the adverse effects of such a cyber-attack.

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
Although the Group has procedures and controls in place to safeguard personal and other confidential or sensitive 
information in its possession, unauthorized access or disclosures the Group could be subject to legal actions and 
administrative sanctions, as well as damages and reputational harm that could materially and adversely affect the 
operating results, financial condition and prospects of the Group. Further, its business is exposed to risk from 
employees' potential non-compliance with policies, misconduct, negligence or fraud, which could result in 
regulatory sanctions and serious reputational and financial harm. It is not always possible to deter or prevent 
employee misconduct, and the precautions that the Group takes to detect and prevent this activity may not always 
be effective.  In addition, the Group may be required to report events related to information security issues, events 
where customer information may be compromised, unauthorized access to its systems and other security breaches, 
to the relevant regulatory authorities. 
General risks 
Risks related to the industry of the Group 
Climate change can create transition risks, physical risks, and other risks that could adversely affect the Group. 
Climate change may imply three primary drivers of financial risk that could adversely affect the Group: 
 
Transition risks associated with the move to a low-carbon economy, both at idiosyncratic and 
systemic levels, such as through policy, regulatory and technological changes. 
 
Physical risks related to extreme weather impacts and longer-term trends, which could result in 
financial losses that could impair asset values and the creditworthiness of its customers. 
 
Liability risks derived from parties who may suffer losses from the effects of climate change and 
may seek compensation from those they hold responsible such as state entities, regulators, investors 
and lenders.  
These primary drivers could materialize, among others, in the following financial risks: 
 
Credit risks: Physical climate change could lead to increased credit exposure and companies with 
business models not aligned with the transition to a low-carbon economy may face a higher risk of 
reduced corporate earnings and business disruption due to new regulations or market shifts.  
 
Market risks: Market changes in the most carbon-intensive sectors could affect energy and 
commodity prices, corporate bonds, equities and certain derivatives contracts. Increasing frequency 
of severe weather events could affect macroeconomic conditions, weakening fundamental factors 
such as economic growth, employment and inflation. 
 
Operational risks: Severe weather events could directly impact business continuity and operations 
both of customers and the Group's. 
 
Reputational risk could also arise from shifting sentiment among customers and increasing attention 
and scrutiny from other stakeholders (investors, regulators, etc.) on its response to climate change. 
Any of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition 
and results of operations of the Group. 
The financial problems faced by its customers could adversely affect the Group. 
Market turmoil and economic recession could materially and adversely affect the liquidity, credit ratings, 
businesses and/or financial conditions of the borrowers of the Group, which could in turn increase its non-
performing loan ratios, impair its loan and other financial assets and result in decreased demand for borrowings 
in general. In addition, the customers of the Group may further significantly decrease their risk tolerance to non-
deposit investments such as stocks, bonds and mutual funds, which would adversely affect its fee and commission 
income. Any of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The ability of the Group to maintain its competitive position depends, in part, on the success of new products and 
services the Group offers to its clients and on its ability to offer products and services that meet the customers' 
needs during the whole life cycle of the products or services, and the Group may not be able to manage various

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
risks it faces as it expands its range of products and services that could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group. 
The success of the operations and profitability of the Group depend, in part, on the success of new products and 
services it offers to its clients and on its ability to offer products and services that meet the customers' needs during 
all their life cycle. However, clients' needs or desires may change over time, and such changes may render the 
products and services of the Group obsolete, outdated or unattractive and it may not be able to develop new 
products that meet its clients' changing needs. The success of the Group is also dependent on its ability to anticipate 
and leverage new and existing technologies that may have an impact on products and services in the banking 
industry. Technological changes may further intensify and complicate the competitive landscape and influence 
client behaviour. If the Group cannot respond in a timely fashion to the changing needs of its clients, it may lose 
them, which could in turn materially and adversely affect the Group. In addition, the cost of developing products 
is likely to affect its results of operations. 
As the Group expands the range of its products and services, some of which may be at an early stage of 
development in the markets of certain regions where the Group operates, it will be exposed to new and potentially 
increasingly complex risks, such as the conduct risk in the relationship with customers, and development expenses. 
The employees and risk management systems of the Group, as well as its experience and that of its partners may 
not be sufficient to enable the Group to properly manage such risks. Any or all of these factors, individually or 
collectively, could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
While the Group has successfully increased its customer service levels in recent years, should these levels ever be 
perceived by the market to be materially below those of its competitor financial institutions, the Group could lose 
existing and potential business. If the Group is not successful in retaining and strengthening customer 
relationships, it may lose market share, incur losses on some or all of its activities or fail to attract new deposits 
or retain existing deposits, which could have a material adverse effect on its operating results, financial condition 
and prospects. 
The Group relies on recruiting, retaining and developing appropriate senior management and skilled personnel. 
The continued success of the Group depends in part on the continued service of key members of its senior 
executive team and other key employees. The ability to continue to attract, train, motivate and retain highly 
qualified and talented professionals is a key element of the strategy of the Group. The successful implementation 
of this strategy and culture depends on the availability of skilled and appropriate management, both at the Group's 
head office and in each of its business units. If the Group or one of its business units or other functions fails to 
staff its operations appropriately, or loses one or more of its key senior executives or other key employees and 
fails to replace them in a satisfactory and timely manner, its business, financial condition and results of operations, 
including control and operational risks, may be adversely affected.  
In addition, the financial industry has and may continue to experience more stringent regulation of employee 
compensation, which could have an adverse effect on the ability of the Group to hire or retain the most qualified 
employees. If the Group fails or is unable to attract and appropriately train, motivate and retain qualified 
professionals, its business may also be adversely affected. 
The Group relies on third parties and affiliates for important products and services. 
Third party vendors and certain affiliated companies provide key components to the business infrastructure of the 
Group such as loan and deposit servicing systems, back office and business process support, information 
technology production and support, Internet connections and network access. Relying on these third parties and 
affiliated companies can be a source of operational and regulatory risk to the Group, including with respect to 
security breaches affecting such parties. The Group is also subject to risk with respect to security breaches 
affecting the vendors and other parties that interact with these service providers. As the interconnectivity of the 
Group with these third parties and affiliated companies increases, the Group increasingly faces the risk of 
operational failure with respect to their systems. The Group may be required to take steps to protect the integrity 
of its operational systems, thereby increasing its operational costs and potentially decreasing customer 
satisfaction. In addition, any problems caused by these third parties or affiliated companies, including as a result 
of them not providing the Group their services for any reason, or performing their services poorly, could adversely 
affect its ability to deliver products and services to customers and otherwise conduct its business, which could 
lead to reputational damage and regulatory investigations and intervention. Replacing these third-party vendors 
could also entail significant delays and expense. Further, the operational and regulatory risk that the Group faces 
as a result of these arrangements may be increased to the extent that it restructures such arrangements.  Any

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
restructuring could involve significant expense to the Group and entail significant delivery and execution risk 
which could have a material adverse effect on its business, operations and financial condition. 
Damage to the reputation of the Group could cause harm to its business prospects. 
Maintaining a positive reputation is critical to protect the Group's brand, attract and retain customers, investors 
and employees and conduct business transactions with counterparties. Damage to the reputation of the Group can 
therefore cause significant harm to its business and prospects. Harm to such reputation can arise from numerous 
sources, including, among others, employee misconduct, including the possibility of fraud perpetrated by the 
employees of the Group, litigation or regulatory enforcement, failure to deliver minimum standards of service and 
quality, dealing with sectors that are not well perceived by the public (weapons industries or embargoed countries, 
for example), dealing with customers in sanctions lists, rating downgrades, significant variations in the share price 
of the Group throughout the year, compliance failures, unethical behaviour, and the activities of customers and 
counterparties, including activities that negatively affect the environment. Further, negative publicity regarding 
the Group may result in harm to its prospects. 
Actions by the financial services industry generally or by certain members of, or individuals in, the industry can 
also affect the reputation of the Group. For example, the role played by financial services firms in the financial 
crisis and the seeming shift toward increasing regulatory supervision and enforcement has caused public 
perception of the Group and others in the financial services industry to decline. 
The Group could suffer significant reputational harm if it fails to identify and manage potential conflicts of interest 
properly. The failure, or perceived failure, to adequately address conflicts of interest could affect the willingness 
of clients to deal with the Group or could give rise to litigation or enforcement actions against the Group.  
Therefore, there can be no assurance that conflicts of interest will not arise in the future that could cause the Group 
a material harm. 
The Group may be the subject of misinformation and misrepresentations deliberately propagated to harm its 
reputation or for other deceitful purposes, or by profiteering short sellers seeking to gain an illegal market 
advantage by spreading false information about the Group. There can be no assurance that it will effectively 
neutralize and contain a false information that may be propagated regarding the Group, which could have an 
adverse effect on its operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group engages in transactions with its subsidiaries or affiliates that others may not consider to be on an 
arm's-length basis. 
The Group and its affiliates have entered into a number of services agreements pursuant to which it renders 
services, such as administrative, accounting, finance, treasury, legal services and others.  
Spanish and US law provide for several procedures designed to ensure that the transactions entered into with or 
among the financial subsidiaries and/or affiliates of the Group do not deviate from prevailing market conditions 
for those types of transactions. 
The Bank is likely to continue to engage in transactions with its affiliates. Future conflicts of interests may arise 
between the Group and any of its affiliates, or among its affiliates, which may not be resolved in its favour. 
Financial reporting and control risks.  
Changes in accounting standards could impact reported earnings. 
The accounting standard setters and other regulatory bodies periodically change the financial accounting and 
reporting standards that govern the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of the Group. These 
changes can materially impact how the Group records and reports its financial condition and results of operations, 
as well as affect the calculation of its capital ratios. In some cases, the Group could be required to apply a new or 
revised standard retroactively, resulting in the restatement of prior period financial statements. 
The financial statements of the Group are based in part on assumptions and estimates which, if inaccurate, could 
cause material misstatement of the results of its operations and financial position. 
The preparation of financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that 
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Due to the inherent uncertainty in making 
estimates, actual results reported in future periods may be based upon amounts which differ from those estimates.

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
Estimates, judgements and assumptions are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other 
factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. 
Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future 
periods affected. The accounting policies deemed critical to the results and financial position of the Group, based 
upon materiality and significant judgements and estimates, include impairment of loans and advances, goodwill 
impairment, valuation of financial instruments, deferred tax assets provision and pension obligation for liabilities. 
If the judgement, estimates and assumptions the Group uses in preparing its consolidated financial statements are 
subsequently found to be incorrect, there could be a material effect on its results of operations and a corresponding 
effect on its funding requirements and capital ratios. 
Disclosure controls and procedures over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud.  
Disclosure controls and procedures, including internal controls over financial reporting, are designed to provide 
reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the company in reports filed or submitted under 
the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") is accumulated and communicated to management, 
and recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the US Securities and 
Exchange Commission's rules and forms.  
These disclosure controls and procedures have inherent limitations which include the possibility that judgements 
in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns occur because of errors or mistakes. Additionally, controls 
can be circumvented by any unauthorized override of the controls. Consequently, the businesses of the Group are 
exposed to risk from potential non-compliance with policies, employee misconduct or negligence and fraud, which 
could result in regulatory sanctions, civil claims and serious reputational or financial harm. In recent years, a 
number of multinational financial institutions have suffered material losses due to the actions of 'rogue traders' or 
other employees. It is not always possible to deter employee misconduct and the precautions the Group takes to 
prevent and detect this activity may not always be effective. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in 
the control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
This Investment Considerations section sets out important information and considerations in relation to the Notes 
which prospective investors should take into account prior to making an investment decision. 
Considerations Relating to the Notes Generally 
Considerations in relation to the Specified Basis Buy-Back Provisions 
Investors should be aware that the Specific Basis Buy-Back Provisions shall not affect the right of the investors 
to receive timely payments of principal and interest on the Notes. In consideration of the Issuer being able to 
maintain the notional Underlying Transactions in relation to the Notes, the Issuer will pay an Extra Yield on the 
Notes. 
In addition, the Specific Basis Buy-Back Provisions may apply only to Notes where Banco Santander, S.A. acts 
as the sole Dealer and the Calculation Agent. 
Investors should refer to the Risk Factor entitled "Any change in the Underlying Transactions or their market 
value may materially adversely affect the Buy-Back Price payable in respect of Notes in relation to which the 
Specific Basis Buy-Back Provisions apply" for further information on the risks relating to the Specific Basis Buy-
Back Provisions. 
Considerations in relation to Global Notes or Global Note Certificates held by or on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Note Certificates. 
Such Global Notes or Global Note Certificates, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms, will be (in the case of Bearer Notes) deposited with a common depositary or, as the case may be, common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or (in the case of Registered Notes) registered in the 
name of a common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or registered in the name of a nominee for DTC. Except in the circumstances described 
in the relevant Global Note or Global Note Certificate, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive 
form. 
Each of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC, and their respective direct and indirect participants, will 
maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes or International Global Note Certificates, as 
applicable. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Note Certificates, investors 
will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing system and their respective 
participants Notes are held. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Note Certificates, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor will discharge their payment obligations under the Notes by making payments through the relevant 
clearing system. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or Global Note Certificate must rely on the 
procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The 
Issuer and the Guarantor have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect 
of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Note Certificates. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Note Certificates will not have a direct right to vote 
in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are 
enabled by the relevant clearing system to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests 
in the Global Notes or Global Note Certificates will not have a direct right under the Global Notes or Global Note 
Certificates to take enforcement action against the Issuer or the Guarantor in the event of a default under the 
relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant. 
Considerations in relation to Book-Entry Notes as dematerialised securities and reliance on clearing system 
procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer 
Book-Entry Notes issued under the Programme will not be evidenced by any physical note. They will only be 
represented by book entries in the Spanish Central Securities Depositary (Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de 
Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A., Unipersonal ("Iberclear")) or the Iberclear participants. 
Holders will be entitled to request as evidence certificates made or issued by Iberclear or Iberclear participants,

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
as the case may be. Ownership of Book-Entry Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book 
entry system and register maintained by Iberclear. 
Considerations in relation to Notes that are issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the Santander Global Sustainable Bond 
Framework, the Santander Green Bond Framework and the Applicable Transaction Terms regarding such use of 
proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment 
in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is 
given by the Issuer or the Guarantor that the use of such proceeds for any project will satisfy, whether in whole 
or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted 
that there is currently no clearly defined definition of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", 
"social" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project. In addition, the requirements of any such label may 
evolve from time to time, accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any project or use(s) the 
subject of, or related to, any project will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "social" or 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion 
or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Guarantor) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds and in particular with any 
project, to fulfil any environmental, social and/or other criteria. Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. 
In the event that any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated "green", "environmental", "social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or 
the Guarantor or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance 
given or made by the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds or, if obtained, that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Guarantor that the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable 
Bonds so specified for the relevant project are applied, in, or substantially in, the manner described in the 
Santander Global Sustainable Bond Framework, the Santander Green Bond Framework and the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant project or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any 
project, will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any 
timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such project. Nor can 
there be any assurance that such project will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results 
or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Guarantor. Any such event or failure by the Guarantor 
will not constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Notes, or give rise to any other claim of a holder of such 
Green Bond, Social Bond or Sustainable Bond, as the case may be. 
For the avoidance of doubt, investors should note that payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainable Bonds shall not depend on the performance of any relevant project. 
Additional information on the future discontinuance of LIBOR 
On 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA"), which 
regulates LIBOR, announced that it does not intend to continue to persuade, or use its powers to compel, panel 
banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021. The announcement 
indicates that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis is not guaranteed after 2021. 
On 27 July 2017, and in a subsequent speech by the FCA's Chief Executive on 12 July 2018, the FCA confirmed 
that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 
2021 (the "FCA Announcements"). The FCA Announcements indicated that the continuation of LIBOR on the

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited ("IBA"), the administrator of LIBOR, published a statement confirming its intention to cease publication 
of all LIBOR settings, together with the dates on which this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers 
to require IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (the "IBA 
announcement"). Concurrently, the FCA published a statement on the future cessation and loss of 
representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, following the dates on which IBA has indicated it will 
cease publication (the "FCA announcement"). Permanent cessation will occur immediately after 31 December 
2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings 
and immediately after 30 June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining LIBOR 
settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will 
consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to require IBA to continue their publication under 
a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 (end-June 2023 in the case of US Dollar LIBOR). The 
FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the 
underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of 
the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR 
settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR settings will also cease permanently at the end 
of 2022. 
Additional information on the development of SONIA and €STR as reference rates 
In connection with the development of the market in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets 
and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR, market participants and relevant working groups are 
exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to 
measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The nascent 
development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as 
continued development of SONIA-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such 
rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the 
Securities. The current expectation is that SONIA, which is, at present only available as an overnight rate will 
replace LIBOR, which generally has a term of one, three or six months. 
Separate workstreams are also underway in Europe to reform EURIBOR using a hybrid methodology and to 
provide a fallback by reference to a euro risk free rate. On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-
free rates recommended €STR as the new risk free rate. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk free-rate 
working group published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds). The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR 
in relevant contracts without incorporating robust fallback provisions may increase the risk to the euro area 
financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on 
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.  
Additional considerations associated with Securities that pay a floating rate of interest referencing SOFR 
SOFR is a relatively new rate. The New York Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018. Although 
the New York Federal Reserve has published historical indicative SOFR information going back to 2014, such 
prepublication historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Investors should 
not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the future performance of SOFR. Since the 
initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in 
other benchmark or market rates. As a result, the return on and value of Notes that pay a floating rate of interest 
by reference to SOFR may fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities that are linked to less volatile rates. 
Because SOFR is a relatively new market index, Notes that reference SOFR will likely have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms 
for debt securities indexed to SOFR, such as the spread over the base rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, 
may evolve over time, and trading prices of Notes that reference SOFR may be lower than those of later-issued 
SOFR-linked debt securities as a result. Similarly, if SOFR does not prove to be widely used in securities like the 
Notes, the trading price of Notes that reference SOFR may be lower than those of securities linked to rates that 
are more widely used. Investors may not be able to sell Notes that reference SOFR at all or may not be able to sell 
such Notes at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
The manner of adoption or application of reference rates based on SOFR in the bond market may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets.

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
Investors should carefully consider how any potential inconsistencies between the adoption of reference rates 
based on SOFR across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes that reference SOFR. 
The New York Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject to important 
limitations, including that the New York Federal Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, publication 
schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. There can be no guarantee 
that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests 
of investors in the Notes. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that 
change or discontinuance may result in a reduction or elimination of the amount of interest payable on such Notes 
that reference SOFR and a reduction in the trading prices of such Notes. 
SOFR differs fundamentally from, and may not be a comparable substitute for, LIBOR. 
In June 2017, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the "ARRC") convened by the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System and the New York Federal Reserve announced SOFR as its recommended alternative 
to the London interbank offered rate for U.S. dollar obligations. However, because SOFR is a broad U.S. Treasury 
repo financing rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, it differs fundamentally from LIBOR. 
For example, SOFR is a secured overnight rate, while LIBOR is an unsecured rate that represents interbank 
funding over different maturities. In addition, at present, SOFR is calculated on a backward-looking basis, whereas 
LIBOR is forward-looking. Because of these and other differences, there can be no assurance that SOFR will 
perform in the same way as LIBOR would have done at any time, and there is no guarantee that it is a comparable 
substitute for LIBOR. 
Considerations Relating to Reference Item Linked Notes 
Considerations in relation to regulatory consequences for a holder of Reference Item Linked Notes 
There may be regulatory and other consequences associated with the ownership by certain investors of certain 
Reference Item Linked Notes. Each purchaser of Notes must conduct its own investigation into its regulatory 
position with respect to the potential purchase of Notes, and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer or the 
Arranger assumes any obligation or liability whatsoever to such purchaser in such regard. 
Considerations in relation to taxation of Reference Item Linked Notes 
Potential purchasers of Reference Item Linked Notes should be aware that stamp duty and other taxes and/or 
charges may be levied in accordance with the laws and practices in countries where the Reference Item Linked 
Notes are transferred and/or where any potential reference items are delivered, or elsewhere. 
The considerations set out under this "Considerations in relation to taxation of Reference Item Linked Notes" 
section do not consider the tax treatment of payments in respect of Reference Item Linked Notes. Potential 
purchasers of Reference Item Linked Notes should note that the tax treatment of payments in respect of Reference 
Item Linked Notes may be different (and in some cases significantly different) from these considerations. 
Potential purchasers of Reference Item Linked Notes who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult 
their own independent tax advisers. In addition, potential purchasers should be aware that tax laws and regulations 
and their application and interpretation by the relevant taxation authorities change from time to time. Accordingly, 
it is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment which will apply at any given time. 
Considerations Relating to Equity Linked and Inflation Linked Notes 
Considerations relating to whether an investment in Equity Linked and Inflation Linked Notes is suitable for a 
particular investor 
Each potential investor should determine whether an investment in the Notes is appropriate in its particular 
circumstances. An investment in Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes requires a thorough understanding of 
the nature of the relevant transaction. Potential investors should be experienced with respect to an investment in 
the Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes and be aware of the related risks. 
An investment in Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes is only suitable for potential investors who:

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
(a) 
have the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to evaluate the merits 
and risks of an investment in the Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes and the information contained 
or incorporated by reference into this document; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate such merits and risks in the 
context of the potential investor's particular financial situation and to evaluate the impact the Notes will 
have on their overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes and are familiar with 
the behaviour of the relevant underlying security or index and financial markets; 
(d) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in the Equity Linked or Inflation Linked 
Notes until the maturity date of the Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes; 
(e) 
recognise that it may not be possible to dispose of the Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes for a 
substantial period of time, if at all, before the maturity date; and 
(f) 
are able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial and legal adviser) possible scenarios 
for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect the investment in the Equity Linked or 
Inflation Linked Notes and the investor's risks. 
Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors 
generally do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex 
financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition 
of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Equity Linked Notes or Inflation Linked 
Notes unless such potential investor has the expertise (either alone or with a financial and legal adviser) to evaluate 
how the Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on 
the value of the Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential 
investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Investors should refer to the Risk Factor entitled "Risks Common to Equity Linked and Inflation Linked Notes" for 
information on the risks relating to these types of investment. 
Considerations relating to exchange rates and exchange controls 
Investors should consult their financial and legal advisers as to any specific risks entailed by an investment in 
Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes that are denominated or payable in, or the return on which is linked to 
values for a relevant underlying security or index denominated in a currency other than the currency of the country 
in which such investor resides or in which such investor conducts its business, which is referred to as their home 
currency. Such Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes are not appropriate investments for investors who are not 
sophisticated in foreign currency transactions.  
Investors should refer to the Risk Factor entitled "Exchange rates and exchange controls may affect the value or 
return of the Equity Linked or Inflation Linked Notes" for information on the risks relating to such an investment. 
Considerations Relating to EUA Contract Linked Notes 
Additional investment considerations in respect of EUA Contract Linked Notes 
In respect of EUA Contract Linked Notes, Noteholders will receive an amount (if any) on redemption determined 
by reference to the value of the underlying EUA Contract and/or EUA Contract Linked Notes will pay interest 
calculated by reference to the value of the underlying EUA Contract.  
A Market Disruption Event will occur if there is a disruption in respect of an EUA Contract  as a result of (a) price 
source disruption, (b) ability to trade, (c) the disappearance of an EUA Contract Reference Price, (d) a limit price 
event, (e) a change in composition, methodology or taxation, (f) the ability to deliver or accept EU Allowances, 
the discontinuation of the scheme for transferring EU Allowances, a suspension by the relevant registries of 
operations relating to recording the issue, holding, transfer, acquisition, surrender, cancellation and/or replacement

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
of EU Allowances, or (g) issues in relation to the establishment and functioning of the relevant registries or 
transaction logs maintained in respect of EU allowance transactions. 
If a Market Disruption Event occurs:  
(a) 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor may take no action; 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent, acting on the instructions of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be), 
may make any adjustment(s) to the terms of the EUA Contract Linked Notes as it considers appropriate; 
or 
(c) 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor may redeem the EUA Contract Linked Notes by 
payment of the Early Redemption Amount.  
In addition, if the reference price of an EUA Contract is subsequently corrected, the corrected reference price will 
be used if corrected within 30 calendar days of the original publication, provided that, if the corrected level is 
published less than three EUA Contract Business Days prior to a due date for payment it will be disregarded. 
If the Applicable Transaction Terms specifies that the EUA Contract Linked Notes are linked to the performance 
of a futures contract, the considerations described above will apply to such futures contract by reference to the 
underlying EUA Contract. If the Applicable Transaction Terms specify that the EUA Contract Linked Notes are 
"Rolling Futures Contract Notes", the reference price of the EUA Contract will be valued by reference to futures 
contracts with delivery months that do not match the Redemption Date of the EUA Contract Linked Notes. The 
Calculation Agent will select a new futures contract on each Futures Rollover Date specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. If it is impossible or materially impracticable to select a new futures contract and/or hedge 
the Issuer's obligations in respect of the EUA Contract Linked Notes, the consequences of a Market Disruption 
Event described above will apply. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of EU Allowances 
The market for carbon emission allowances or credits has emerged as a consequence of the Kyoto Protocol and 
covers both industrial and developing countries. Industrial countries are allocated emissions allowances under the 
Kyoto Protocol. The EU introduced its own emission trading scheme in 2005 pursuant to Directive 2003/87/EC, 
as amended from time to time, which extends beyond the 2012 termination of the Kyoto Protocol. 
One EU Allowance corresponds to the emission by the Noteholder of one tonne of carbon dioxide (CO2) 
equivalent during a specified period which is valid for meeting certain emissions related obligations. The EU's 
member states issue new EU Allowances annually to each company subject to the EU’s emission trading scheme. 
These awards are made in accordance with an allocation plan approved by the European Commission which is 
based on the EU's application of the Kyoto Protocol's obligations to the industries covered by the EU’s emission 
trading scheme. By 30 April in each year, companies are obliged to "surrender" a number of EU Allowances 
corresponding to their actual emissions in the preceding year. EU Allowances can also be rolled over from one 
year to the next if a company emits less carbon dioxide or carbon-equivalent greenhouse gas than the EU 
allowances it holds. EU Allowances have a limited or no value outside the EU’s emissions trading scheme. 
Legal and Regulatory Considerations 
Risks in Relation to Spanish Taxation  
Royal Decree Law 8/2014, of 4 July, introduced a 0.03% tax on bank deposits in Spain. This tax is payable 
annually by Spanish banks. There can be no assurance that additional national or transnational bank levies or 
financial transaction taxes will not be adopted by the authorities of the jurisdictions where the Bank operates.   
Risks related to the Spanish withholding tax regime 
Under Spanish Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended, income payments in respect of the Notes, 
other than income payments in respect of Book-Entry Notes to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, will be made 
without withholding tax in Spain. The Issuer is required pursuant to Spanish law to provide certain information 
regarding the Notes to the Spanish tax authorities. The Issuer, Guarantor and the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Iberclear Paying Agent, as applicable, have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the collection of information 
concerning the Notes. The Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) will withhold Spanish withholding tax 
from any payment in respect of any income due under the above-mentioned Notes (as applicable) as to which the

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
required information has not been provided and will not gross up payments in respect of any such withholding 
tax. In addition, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) will withhold Spanish withholding tax from any 
payment in respect of Book-Entry Notes to Personal Income Tax taxpayers. 
The Agency Agreement provides that the Principal Paying Agent or the Iberclear Paying Agent, as applicable, 
will, to the extent applicable, comply with the relevant procedures to facilitate the collection of information 
concerning the Notes. The procedures may be modified, amended or supplemented, to, among other reasons, 
reflect a change in applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling or interpretation thereof or to reflect a change in 
applicable clearing system rules or procedures or to add procedures for one or more new clearing systems. See 
"Taxation and Disclosure of Information in connection with Payments – Taxation in Spain". None of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Dealers, the Principal Paying Agent or the Iberclear Paying Agent assume any responsibility 
therefore. 
Notwithstanding the above, and if despite this selling restriction, the Notes are held by Spanish resident individuals 
and deposited with a Spanish resident entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes 
(and, under certain circumstances, to Spanish entities subject to Corporate Income Tax) may be subject to 
withholding by such depositary or custodian at the current rate of 19 per cent. The Issuer or the Guarantor (as case 
may be) will not gross up payments in respect of any such withholding tax. 
In addition, in the case of Implicit Yield Notes including those with a duration of more than 12 months, in order 
for the Issuer to reimburse them, the holders are required to provide the Issuer with the legally required certificate 
issued by a Spanish financial institution or established in Spain which accredits the prior acquisition of such 
Implicit Yield Notes and the corresponding acquisition price. In accordance with the legislation currently in force, 
in the case of failure to provide such certificate, the Issuer will not proceed to pay to the holder the reimbursement 
thereof. The Issuer or the Guarantor (as case may be) will not gross up payments in respect of any withholding 
tax arising from said Implicit Yield Notes. 
Additional information on the BRRD and SRM Regulation 
In accordance with article 20 of Law 11/2015, a relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail in any 
of the following circumstances: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in significant breach of its solvency or 
any other requirements necessary for maintaining its authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future 
to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; 
or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). The determination that 
a relevant entity is no longer viable may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of that relevant 
entity's control. 
As provided in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, Law 11/2015 contains four resolution tools and powers, 
which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant 
entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures 
would prevent the failure of such relevant entity within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in 
the public interest, are: (i) sale of business – which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant 
entity or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution 
authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the relevant entity to a "bridge institution" (an entity created 
for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity 
to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer certain 
categories of assets (including impaired or problem assets) to one or more publicly owned asset management 
vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly 
wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) the general bail-in tool. 
Pursuant to Law 11/2015 the adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure shall not itself constitute 
an event of default or entitle any counterparty of the Issuer or Guarantor to exercise any rights it may otherwise 
have in respect thereof and any provision providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to apply. However, 
this does not limit the ability of a counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its rights accordingly 
where an event of default arises either before or after the exercise of any such early intervention or resolution 
procedure and does not necessarily relate to the exercise of any relevant measure or power which has been applied 
pursuant to Law 11/2015.

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
EU Banking Reforms  
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published, among others, a proposal for a European Regulation 
amending CRR, two European Directives amending the CRD IV and the BRRD I and a proposal for a European 
Regulation amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 
2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of a SRM and a SRF and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010.  
On 27 June 2019, Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures ("CRD V"); BRRD II; 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending CRR as 
regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment 
undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) 648/2012 ("CRR II"); 
and Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the SRM 
Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms 
(together with CRD V, BRRD II and CRR II, the "EU Banking Reforms") entered into force.  
However, most of the provisions of CRR II were not applicable until 28 June 2021 and CRD V and BRRD II have 
only been partially transposed into Spanish law through RDL 7/2021. Despite that RDL 7/2021 was generally 
enforceable since 29 April 2021, the Spanish Parliament decided on 19 May 2021 to process it as a bill and so 
RDL 7/2021 provisions may be subject to changes. Furthermore, full implementation of CRD V and BRRD II 
still requires approval of the relevant amendments to Royal Decree 84/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and certain 
Bank of Spain Circulars, so it is uncertain how such amendments will affect the Issuer, the Guarantor or the 
investors. In addition, there is also uncertainty as to how  the EU Banking Reforms will be implemented and 
applied by the relevant authorities.  
Moreover, on 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation on technical 
aspects on a new review of BRRD ("BRRD III"), the SRM Regulation ("SRM Regulation III"), and Directive 
2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes 
("DGSD II"). The consultation was open until 20 April 2021 and was split into two main sections: a section 
covering the general objectives of the review focus, and a section seeking technical feedback on stakeholders' 
experience with the current framework and the need for changes in the future framework, notably on (i) resolution, 
liquidation and other available measures to handle banking crises, (ii) level of harmonisation of creditor hierarchy 
in the EU and impact on no creditor worse-off principle, and (iii) depositor insurance. Legislative proposals for 
BRRD III, SRM Regulation III and DGSD II are to be tabled on Q4 2021. 
The EU Banking Reforms cover multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio, mandatory 
restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, macroprudential tools, a 
new category of "non-preferred" senior debt that should only be bailed-in after junior ranking instruments but 
before other senior liabilities, changes to the definitions of Tier 2 and Additional Tier 1 instruments, the MREL 
framework and the integration of the TLAC standard into EU legislation. 
Additionally, with regard to the European Commission's proposal to create a new asset class of "non- preferred" 
senior debt, on 27 December 2017, Directive 2017/2399 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking 
of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy was published in the Official Journal of the European Union 
which sets forth a harmonised national insolvency ranking of unsecured debt instruments to facilitate the issuance 
by credit institutions of senior "non-preferred" instruments. It had to be transposed into national law by the EU 
member states by 29 December 2018, provided that the relevant EU member states had not been previously 
legislated in the sense of such Directive. Before that, Royal Decree-Law 11/2017, of 23 June, approving urgent 
measures on financial matters ("RDL 11/2017") created in Spain the new asset class of senior-non preferred debt. 
One of the main objectives of the EU Banking Reforms is to implement the TLAC standard and to integrate the 
TLAC requirement into the general MREL rules (the "TLAC/MREL Requirements") thereby avoiding 
duplication from the application of two parallel requirements. As mentioned above, although TLAC and MREL 
pursue the same regulatory objective, there are, nevertheless, some differences between them in the way they are 
constructed. The EU Banking Reforms integrate the TLAC standard into the existing MREL rules and to ensure 
that both requirements are met with largely similar instruments, with the exception of the subordination 
requirement, which will be partially institution-specific and determined by the resolution authority. Under the EU 
Banking Reforms, institutions such as the Bank would continue to be subject to an institution-specific MREL

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
requirement, which may be higher than the Pillar 1 TLAC/MREL Requirements for G-SIIs contained in the EU 
Banking Reforms. 
Although the specific MREL requirements may vary depending on the specific characteristics of the credit entity 
(its application falls on resolution institution or resolution group, being entities subject to resolution following a 
Single Point of Entry or Multiple Point of Entry resolution strategy) and the resolution process, BRRD II together 
with CRR II introduce a relevant change for complying with MREL which now includes two different ratios (i) a 
risk ratio (percentage of total risk weighted assets of the resolution entity) and (ii) a non-risk ratio (percentage of 
the resolution entity's total exposure), as well as empower the relevant resolution authority to authorise or require 
(a) complying with additional CET1, Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital ratios (which was not foreseen in the 
previous MREL rules) and (b) that certain level of senior liabilities issued by the resolution entity can be subject 
to bail-in. 
MREL application is also subject to a diferent regime depending on the nature of the entity based on its resource 
volume and systemic profile. Thus, the MREL requirements are different for G-SIIs, "top tier" entities (which are 
not G-SIIs with aggregated asset volume of over €100 billion), O-SIIs (which are institutions that, due to their 
systemic importance, are more likely to create risks to financial stability) and the rest of the resolution institutions. 
In particular, G-SIIs, "top tier" banks and O-SIIs are subject to Pillar 1 requirements: 18 per cent. (including the 
combined buffer requirements under CRD IV), and 13 per cent. of risk weighted assets and 6.75 per cent. and 5 
per cent. of leverage exposure, respectively for G-SIIs and "top tier" banks and O-SIIs. These requirements are 
complemented by further Pillar 2 requirements, which would be determined on a case-by-case basis for the rest 
of the resolution institutions. 
The EU Banking Reforms have introduced limited adjustments to the existing MREL rules ensuring technical 
consistency with the structure of any requirements for G-SIIs. Implementation of the TLAC/MREL Requirements 
will be phased-in from 1 January 2019 (a 16 per cent. minimum of the resolution group's risk weighted assets) to 
1 January 2022 (an 18 per cent. minimum of the resolution group's risk weighted assets). 
The EU Banking Reforms provide that a bank's failure to comply with its TLAC/MREL Requirements should be 
addressed by the relevant authorities on the basis of their powers to address or remove impediments to resolution, 
the exercise of their supervisory powers and their power to impose early intervention measures, administrative 
penalties and other administrative measures. If there is any shortfall in an institution's level of eligible liabilities 
and own funds, and the own funds of such institution are otherwise contributing to the "combined buffer 
requirement", those own funds will automatically be used instead to meet that institution's MREL requirement 
and will no longer count towards its "combined buffer requirement", which may lead the institution to fail to meet 
its "combined buffer requirement". Failure to meet the "combined buffer requirements" when consider in addition 
to the TLAC/MREL Requirements would require such institution to calculate its Maximum Distributable Amount, 
and the relevant resolution authority shall impose (but subject to a potential 9 months grace period) restrictions to 
make (i) distributions relating to CET1 capital, (ii) payments in respect of variable remuneration or discretionary 
pension revenues and (iii) distributions relating to Additional Tier 1 instruments ("Discretionary Payments") 
above the Maximum Distributable Amount. As a result of the above, upon the entry into force of the EU Banking 
Reforms, the Bank must fully comply with its "combined buffer requirement" in addition to its TLAC/MREL 
Requirements in order to make sure that it is able to make Discretionary Payments. 
The Bank announced on 28 November 2019 that it had received formal notification from the Bank of Spain of its 
binding minimum TLAC/MREL Requirements, both total and subordinated, for the resolution group of Banco 
Santander at a sub-consolidated level, as determined by the SRB. The total MREL requirement has been set at 
16.81 per cent. of the resolution group's total liabilities and own funds, which as a reference of the resolution 
group's risk weighted assets at 31 December  017 would be 28.60 per cent. and is equivalent to an amount at 31 
December 2017 of EUR108,631.8 million. The subordination requirement has been set at 11.48 per cent. of the 
resolution group's total liabilities and own funds, which as a reference of this resolution group's risk weighted 
assets at 31 December 2017 would be 19.53 per cent. and is equivalent to an amount at 31 December 2017 of 
EUR74,187.57 million. These requirements apply since 1 January 2020. According to the Bank's estimates, the 
resolution group complies with this total MREL requirement and the subordination requirement. Future 
requirements are subject to ongoing review by the resolution authority.  
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of 
Supervision ("GHOS") published the finalisation of the Basel III post-crisis regulatory reform agenda. This 
review of the regulatory framework covers credit, operational and credit valuation adjustment ("CVA") risks, 
introduces a floor to the consumption of capital by internal ratings-based methods ("IRB") and the revision of the 
calculation of the leverage ratio. The main features of the reform are: (i) a revised standard method for credit risk,

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
which will improve the soundness and sensitivity to risk of the current method; (ii) modifications to the IRB 
methods for credit risk, including input floors to ensure a minimum level of conservatism in model parameters 
and limitations to its use for portfolios with low levels of non- compliance; (iii) regarding the CVA risk, and in 
connection with the above, the removal of any internally modelled method and the inclusion of a standardised and 
basic method; (iv) regarding the operations risk, the revision of the standard method, which will replace the current 
standard methods and the advanced measurement approaches (AMA); (v) the introduction of a leverage ratio 
buffer for G-SIIs; and (vi) regarding capital consumption, it establishes a minimum limit on the aggregate results 
(output floor), which prevents the risk weighted assets of the banks generated by internal models from being lower 
than the 72.5 per cent. of the risk weighted assets that are calculated with the standard methods of the Basel III 
framework. In August 2019 the EBA advised the European Commission on the introduction of the output floor 
and concluded that the revised framework should be implemented by using the floored risk weighted assets as a 
basis for all the capital layers, including the systemic risk buffer and the Pillar 2 capital requirement. 
In July 2020 the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision ("BCBS") endorsed the final targeted revision to the 
CVA framework which replace the earlier version from 2017. The revised standard comes into effect on 1 January 
2023. It incorporates changes proposed in a November 2019 consultative document. The revision includes 
recalibrated risk weights, a different treatment for certain client cleared derivatives, and an overall recalibration 
of the standardised approach CVA and the basic approach CVA.  
The GHOS have extended the implementation of the revised minimum capital requirements for market risk until 
January 2022, to coincide with the implementation of the reviews of credit, operational and CVA risks. 
On 27 March 2020, among the package of measures in reaction to the covid-19 outbreak described above, the 
GHOS announced a deferral of Basel III post-crisis regulatory reform implementation until January 2023 to 
increase operational capacity of banks and supervisors to respond to covid-19.

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes 
should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, the Applicable Transaction Terms and the 
documents incorporated by reference. 
Information relating to the Issuer 
 
The Issuer: 
Santander International Products plc 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300EBI9IZCEJIF589. 
 
Santander International Products plc was registered and 
incorporated on 25 June 2004 under the Irish Companies Acts 1963 
to 2013, registration number 387937 for an indefinite period. The 
Registered Office of the Issuer is at 3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park 
Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 1, Ireland, telephone number: (+353) 
16146240.  
Business: 
The principal objects of the Issuer are set forth in Clause 3 of its 
Memorandum 
of 
Association 
and 
are 
the 
issuance 
of 
participaciones preferentes (preferred securities) and other 
financial instruments. 
Directors: 
The Directors of the Issuer are as follows: 
 
Name 
Principal Occupation 
 
Adrian John Masterson 
Director 
 
Alfredo Madrigal Matute 
Director 
 
Mercedes Mora Palacios 
Director 
 
José Muñoz Pérez 
Director 
 
Carlos 
Ignacio 
Muñiz 
González Blanch 
Director 
 
José Manuel Colina Garea 
Director 
 
Juan Andrés García Molinero 
Director 
 
Rubén Ibañez Eneriz 
Director 
 
Information Relating to the Guarantor 
 
The Guarantor and the Group: 
Banco Santander, S.A. is domiciled in Spain and has its registered 
office at Paseo de Pereda, 9-12, Santander. The principal operating 
headquarters of the Guarantor are located at Ciudad Grupo 
Santander, Avda. de Cantabria s/n, 28660 Boadilla del Monte, 
Madrid. The telephone number of the principal operating 
headquarters of the Bank is +34 91 259 6520. 
 
The Guarantor is a Spanish company with legal status as a public 
limited company (sociedad anónima), with the status of a bank and 
is governed by the Restated Spanish Companies Act (Texto 
Refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital), approved by Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2010, of 2 July (Real Decreto Legislativo 
1/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la 
Ley de Sociedades de Capital). The Guarantor is subject to special 
legislation for credit institutions in general, the supervision, control 
and regulation of the European Central Bank and, as a listed 
company, the regulatory supervision of the Spanish Securities 
Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) 
and, as a credit institution, to Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the 
management, supervision and solvency of credit institutions and 
Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, developing Law 10/2014,

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
of 26 June, on ordination, supervision and solvency of credit 
institutions. 
Business: 
The Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries are a financial 
group operating through a network of offices and subsidiaries 
across Spain, the United Kingdom and other European countries, 
Brazil and other Latin American countries and the US, offering a 
wide range of financial products.  
 
At 31 December 2020, the Group had a market capitalisation of 
€44.0 billion, shareholders' equity of €114.6 billion and total assets 
of €1,508.3 billion. At that date the Group had €916.2 billion in 
total loans to customers, €849.3 billion in total customer deposits 
and €1,056.1 billion in total customer funds (including customer 
deposits, mutual funds, pension funds and managed portfolios). As 
of 31 December 2020, the Group had 83,976 employees and 4,846 
branch offices in Europe, 65,252 employees and 4,431 branches in 
South America, 38,371 employees and 1,958 branches in North 
America, 1,898 employees in the Santander Global Platform 
segment and 1,692 employees in Corporate Activities.  
Directors and Employees 
The members of the Board of Directors of the Bank as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus are as follows: 
 
Ana Botín-Sanz de Sautuola y O'Shea 
 
José Antonio Álvarez Álvarez  
 
Bruce Carnegie-Brown 
 
Homaira Akbari 
 
Sergio Agapito Lires Rial 
 
Pamela Ann Walkden 
 
Javier Botín-Sanz de Sautuola y O'Shea 
 
Ramón Martín Chávez Márquez 
 
Sol Daurella Comadrán 
 
Henrique de Castro 
 
Gina Díez Barroso 
 
Luis Isasi Fernández Bobadilla 
 
Ramiro Mato García-Ansorena 
 
Belén Romana García 
 
Álvaro Antonio Cardoso de Souza 
 
The Executive Officers of the Bank as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus are as follows:  
 
Ana Botín-Sanz de Sautuola y O'Shea 
 
José Antonio Álvarez Álvarez 
 
Sergio Agapito Lires Rial 
Description of the Programme 
 
Description: 
Guaranteed 
Euro 
Medium 
Term 
Note 
Programme 
(the 
"Programme"). 
Arranger and Dealer: 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Dealers: 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer(s) under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either 
in respect of a single Tranche or in respect of the Programme. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch 
Iberclear Paying Agent: 
Banco Santander, S.A.

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
Registrar: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Listing: 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank, as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central 
Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
requirements imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made to The Irish 
Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext 
Dublin") for the Notes to be admitted to its Official List and trading 
on its regulated market, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Application may also be made to (i) AIAF for the Notes to 
be listed and admitted to trading on the Spanish fixed income 
securities market, AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija ("AIAF"), (ii) 
Euronext 
Lisbon 
– 
Sociedade 
Gestora 
de 
Mercados 
Regulamentados, S.A. ("Euronext") for the Notes to be listed and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Lisbon 
("Euronext Lisbon") or (iii) the regulated market of the Warsaw 
Stock Exchange (the "WSE"), if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Application may also be made to the multilateral trading 
facility of securitised derivative financial instruments organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A (the "SeDeX Market") or to the 
Euro TLX, the multilateral trading facility organised and managed 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("Euro TLX"), for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or Euro TLX, respectively, if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes may be admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or may be 
unlisted, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer and as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
Size: 
Up to EUR 10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding 
at any one time. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements, Notes may be denominated in 
Euros or U.S. dollars or in any other currency or currencies. 
Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to such compliance, be 
made in and/or linked to, any currency or currencies other than the 
currency in which such Notes are denominated. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations, central bank requirements and directives.  
 
Any Notes issued with an original legal maturity of less than one 
year must comply with the Central Bank's notice of exemptions 
granted under section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act, 1971 as 
amended (BSD C01/02) and, inter alia, have a minimum Specified 
Denomination of EUR 125,000. In addition such Notes must bear 
the following legend: 
 
"An investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank 
deposit and does not have the protection of the deposit protection 
scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuer is not 
regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland by virtue of the issue of 
the Notes." 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
(b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, 
such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") by the 
Issuer. 
Denomination: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency (see "Maturities" above) and save that 
the minimum denomination of each Note will be €1,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency). 
Final Terms, Drawdown Prospectus or 
Pricing Supplement: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Applicable 
Transaction Terms, or (2) pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes 
will be the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as (i) completed by 
the applicable Final Terms in the case of Notes admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or AIAF, (ii) 
supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in 
the relevant Drawdown Prospectus or (iii) supplemented, amended 
or replaced by the applicable Pricing Supplement in the case of 
Exempt Notes. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in one or more Series (which may be 
issued on the same date or which may be issued in more than one 
Tranche on different dates). The Notes may be issued in Tranches 
on a continuous basis with no minimum issue size, subject to 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives. 
Further Notes may be issued as part of an existing Series. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in registered form, without interest coupons 
("Registered Notes"), in bearer form, with or without interest 
coupons ("Bearer Notes") or in book-entry form (anotaciones en 
cuenta), without interest coupons ("Book-Entry Notes"). 
 
Registered Notes 
In the case of Registered Notes, the Issuer will deliver (i) an 
Unrestricted Global Note Certificate (as defined below) and/or (ii) 
a Restricted Global Note Certificate (as defined below), as specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
 
Notes initially sold to qualified institutional buyers ("QIBs") in 
reliance on Rule 144A will, unless otherwise specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, be available only in book-entry 
form, and will be represented by a restricted global note certificate 
(a "Restricted Global Note Certificate") registered in the name of 
a nominee for, and deposited with or on behalf of, (i) DTC, or (ii) a 
common depository or, as the case may be, a common safekeeper

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") or Clearstream Banking 
S.A., ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") (and together with Euroclear, 
the "ICSDs"). 
 
Registered Notes sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons 
in reliance on Regulation S will, unless otherwise specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, be available only in book-entry 
form and will be represented by an unrestricted global note 
certificate (an "Unrestricted Global Note Certificate"). 
 
Notes represented by an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate may 
be either (a) registered in the name of a nominee for DTC and 
deposited on or about the relevant issue date with the custodian for 
DTC, or (b) (in the case of a Certificate that is not to be held under 
the new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or 
"NSS")) registered in the name of a common depositary (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
deposited on or about the relevant issue date with such common 
depositary, or (c) (in the case of a Certificate that is to be held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure) registered in the name of a 
common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and deposited on or about the relevant 
issue date with such common safekeeper, in each case for credit to 
the respective accounts of beneficial owners of the Notes 
represented thereby. 
 
On or prior to the 40th day after the later of the commencement of 
the offering and the date of delivery of the Notes of each Series, 
beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate 
representing Notes of such Series may be held only through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
Beneficial interests in Notes evidenced by a Restricted Global Note 
Certificate or an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate will be shown 
on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records 
maintained by DTC and its direct or indirect participants (including 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg). 
 
Except as described herein, Individual Note Certificates (as defined 
herein) will not be issued in exchange for beneficial interests in 
Global Note Certificates. See "Form of Notes – Global Note 
Certificates". 
 
Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes will, unless otherwise specified, only be sold outside 
the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S 
and will, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, initially be represented by a Temporary Global Note 
without interest coupons attached, deposited: 
 
(a) in the case of a global note which is not intended to be issued in 
new global note form (a "Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as 
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, with or on 
behalf of a common depositary located outside the United States for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or  
 
(b) in the case of a global note which is intended to be issued in new 
global note form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
Interests in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (i) for 
interests in a permanent global Note in bearer form, without 
coupons (a "Permanent Global Note"), (ii) in whole but not in part 
for definitive Notes in bearer form or (iii) directly for interests in a 
Global Note Certificate, following certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. 
Bearer Notes may be exchangeable for Global Note Certificates. 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a premium to 
their principal amount. Partly Paid Notes may also be issued, the 
Issue Price of which will be payable in two or more instalments. 
The Issue Price and amount of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions. 
Fixed Interest Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrears on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest set separately for each Series 
by reference to EURIBOR, LIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STR (or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, such other benchmark as may be 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) as adjusted for any 
applicable margin. Interest periods will be specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Partly Paid Notes: 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement in 
relation to Partly Paid Notes which are Exempt Notes, Partly Paid 
Notes will be Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes which are 
not Reference Item Linked Notes.  
The Issue Price of Notes which are Partly Paid Notes will be 
payable in instalments in such amounts and on such dates specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms. The Issuer will notify the 
Noteholders prior to the relevant Part Payment Date and will give 
details of the account to which such payment shall be made. If the 
relevant Part Payment Amount is not paid by a Noteholder, the 
Issuer will give notice and will redeem all the Notes by payment of 
the Early Redemption Amount. No interest will be paid in respect 
of the period from the Part Payment Date and the date on which the 
Notes are redeemed early.  
Interest in respect of such Partly Paid Notes will be determined by 
reference to the paid-up amount in respect of the Notes from time-
to-time. 
Reference Item Linked Interest Notes: 
The Applicable Transaction Terms issued in respect of each issue 
of reference item linked interest Notes will specify the relevant type 
of Note and the amounts of interest payable will be calculated as 
provided in the conditions of the Notes set out in this Base 
Prospectus for that type of Note, which may be by reference to 
equity, a constant maturity swap, an inflation index, an equity 
index, a fund, reference entity, a foreign exchange rate, an EU 
emissions allowance contract or a formula (or in the case of Exempt 
Notes such other underlying reference item as may be set out in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement).

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. All such information 
will be set out in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Settlement of the Notes: 
Notes may be cash settled or (if the Notes are reference item linked 
redemption Notes) physically settled, as provided in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Reference Item Linked Redemption 
Notes: 
The Applicable Transaction Terms issued in respect of each issue 
of reference item linked redemption Notes will specify the relevant 
type of Note and the redemption amounts payable or entitlements 
deliverable will be calculated as provided in the conditions of the 
Notes set out in this Base Prospectus for that type of Note, which 
may be (as applicable) by reference to equity, a constant maturity 
swap, an inflation index, an equity index, a fund, reference entity, a 
foreign exchange rate, an EU emissions allowance contract or a 
formula (or in the case of Exempt Notes such other underlying 
reference item as may be set out in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement).  
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Applicable Transaction Terms issued in respect of each issue 
of Notes which are redeemable in two or more instalments will set 
out the date on which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may 
be redeemed. 
Other Notes: 
Terms applicable to high interest Notes, low interest Notes, step-up 
Notes, step-down Notes, dual currency Notes, reverse dual currency 
Notes, optional dual currency Notes and any other type of Note 
which the Issuer, and any Dealer or Dealers may agree to issue 
under the Programme will be set out in the Pricing Supplement or 
in a Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Applicable Transaction Terms issued in respect of each issue 
of Notes will state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to 
their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or 
in part) and/or the Noteholders, and if so the terms applicable to 
such redemption.  
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above or as otherwise 
specifically provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity 
only for tax reasons. 
Renminbi Currency Event 
Where Renminbi Currency Event is specified as applicable in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Conditions contain provisions 
relating to Renminbi inconvertibility, non transferability or 
illiquidity events.  Such provisions permit deferral of payments, 
payment in a currency other than Renminbi and/or early redemption 
of the Notes. 
Information requirements under Spanish 
Law: 
Under Spanish Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 as 
amended, the Issuer, and Guarantor are required to provide to the 
Spanish tax authorities certain information relating to the Notes.

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
If the Principal Paying Agent or the Iberclear Paying Agent, as the 
case may be, fails to provide the Issuer with the required 
information described under "Taxation and Disclosure of 
Information in connection with Payments" – Taxation in Spain" in 
respect of the Notes, the Issuer may be required to withhold tax and 
may pay income in respect of such principal amount net of the 
Spanish withholding tax applicable to such payments (currently at 
the rate of 19%). 
 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, the Dealers, or the 
ICSDs assumes any responsibility therefore. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee and all 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law, save for the issue, subscription and first registration, form of 
representation, requirements, transfer and any other aspects of 
book-entry forms legal regime of the Book-Entry Notes and the 
status of the guarantee, which are governed by Spanish law. 
Rule 144A: 
Offers and sales in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities 
Act will be permitted if specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms, subject to compliance with all relevant legal 
and regulatory requirements of the United States of America. 
Selling Restrictions: 
United States, United Kingdom, EEA Retail Investors, UK Retail 
Investors, Spain, Andorra, Chile, Colombia, France, Germany, 
Hong Kong, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Korea, Peru, Poland, Portugal, 
Switzerland, Taiwan, People's Republic of China and Singapore. 
See "Plan of Distribution". 
 
In connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes, additional selling restrictions may be imposed which will be 
set out in the Pricing Supplement. 
Risk Factors: 
Prospective investors should understand the risks of investing in 
any type of Note before they make their investment decision. They 
should make their own independent decision to invest in any type 
of Note and as to whether an investment in such Note is appropriate 
or proper for them based upon their own judgement and upon 
advice from such advisers as they consider necessary. 
 
For a description of certain risks involved in investing in the Notes, 
see "Risk Factors". 
 
Risk factors are designed both to protect investors from investments 
from which they are not suitable and to set out the financial risks 
associated with an investment in a particular type of Note. 
Representation of Noteholders: 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests.

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
ISSUE OF NOTES 
Notes will be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms 
otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series 
being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches 
(each a "Tranche") on different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be, save in respect of 
the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche, identical to the terms of 
other Tranches of the same Series) will be set forth in Applicable Transaction Terms to this Base Prospectus (the 
form of which is set out in "Pro Forma Final Terms" or "Pro Forma Pricing Supplement" below) or, as the case 
may be, in a Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable).

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, the Base Prospectus:  
(1) 
the English language translations of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for 
the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, together with the auditor's reports thereon, 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union; 
(2) 
the unaudited consolidated interim financial report for the Guarantor for the three-month period ended 
31 March 2021; 
(3) 
Form 20-F of the Guarantor prepared under IFRS-IASB for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2020; 
(4) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2020 together with the auditor's report thereon;  
(5) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 76 to 311 of the Base Prospectus dated 28 July 
2020 the "2020 Conditions"), the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 111 to 319 of the 
Base Prospectus dated 17 July 2019 (the "2019 Conditions"), the terms and conditions of the Notes set 
out on page 8 of the Supplement dated 5 March 2020 to the Base Prospectus dated 17 July 2019 (the 
"2019 Supplement"), the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 99 to 294 of the Base 
Prospectus dated 25 July 2018 (the "2018 Conditions"), the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on 
pages 7 to 9 of the Supplement dated 27 November 2018 to the Base Prospectus dated 25 July 2018 (the 
"2018 Supplement"), the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 101 to 296 of the Base 
Prospectus dated 14 July 2017 (the "2017 Conditions"), the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on 
pages 24 to 32 of the Supplement dated 5 April 2017 to the Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2016 (the "2017 
Supplement"), the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 97 to 285 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 8 July 2016 (the "2016 Conditions"), the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 17 to 
20 of the Supplement dated 21 October 2015 to the Base Prospectus dated 29 July 2015 (the "21 October 
2015 Supplement"), the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 4 to 7 of the Supplement 
dated 22 December 2015 to the Base Prospectus dated 29 July 2015 (the "22 December 2015 
Supplement"), the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 113 to 299 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 29 July 2015 (the "July 2015 Conditions"), the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 
5 and 6 of the Supplement dated 16 March 2015 to the offering circular dated 29 July 2014 (the "2015 
Supplement"), the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 55 to 257 of the offering circular 
dated 29 July 2014 (the "2014 Conditions"), the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 7 to 
9 of the supplement dated 31 March 2014 to the offering circular dated 29 July 2013 (the "2014 
Supplement"), the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 50 to 140 of the supplement dated 
23 December 2013 to the listing particulars dated 29 July 2013 (the "2013 Supplement"), the terms and 
conditions set out on pages 47 to 163 of the base prospectus dated 29 July 2013 (the "July 2013 
Conditions"), the terms and conditions set out on pages 34 to 151 of the base prospectus dated 25 March 
2013 (the "March 2013 Conditions"), the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 45 to 81 
of the base prospectus dated 24 February 2012 (the "2012 Conditions"), and the terms and conditions of 
the Notes set out on pages 41 to 76 of the base prospectus dated 24 February 2011 (the "2011 
Conditions"), relating to the Programme; and 
(6) 
the Base Prospectus dated 28 July 2020.  
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
English 
translations 
of 
Documents 
(1) 
above 
are 
available 
at: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Guarantor%20Consolidated%20FinStats%202019_e5edb71d-f949-49c9-
b0a1-cf74c7171835.pdf  
and  
 https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202107/52eedd24-d858-4d66-
8d42-bad99d690b8c.pdf

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
An English translation of Document (2) above is available at: 
 https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202107/28afc4f8-5bad-4bdd-80b6-
393cc05e6c4f.pdf  
Documents (3) above are available at: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Guarantor%20Form%2020-F%20-%2031%20Dec%202019_6e85e736-
61dd-4558-beed-e2a32dd71cbe.PDF and 
 https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202107/61e05037-0cea-4b81-98a2-
3139ace9ff32.pdf  
Documents (4) above are available at:  
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Issuer%20FS%20-%2031%20Dec%202019_49fe6cd1-207b-4804-be88-
fa22a5c794e1.PDF and 
 https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202107/bac92a14-5598-45c2-86a8-
764fff4af545.pdf  
Documents (5) above are available at the following: 
i. 
2020 Conditions: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_95b9d58d-2141-4921-bd97-3d30e107c9ac.pdf    
ii. 
2019 Conditions: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_d8d63652-f600-43ba-a81a-
b28ca47a842f.PDF  
iii. 
2019 Supplement: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_cd50080d-e41b-4255-9d8e-1ffc88817e44.pdf   
iv. 
2018 Conditions: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_8093e791-d85b-47fc-9b16-
f10438fe8e3d.PDF 
v. 
2018 Supplement: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/FSupp_ac881db1-b3f6-4dd7-854d-86493b3150d6.PDF 
vi. 
2017 Conditions:  
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_2614e0d8-d001-4de1-a49e-909c3e63078b.pdf 
vii. 
2017 Supplement: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_9fb56fe5-0632-4769-b2ac-90281023c289.pdf  
viii. 
2016 Conditions: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_6c93b211-8f00-4a48-9e3c-410dacb0a6ad.pdf 
ix. 
21 October 2015 Supplement: 
http://ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_1b55356b-2019-45c2-bd3d-e2da3081ca31.pdf  
x. 
22 December 2015 Supplement: 
http://ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_089d68fb-fbff-4a8e-bfc2-e06d8751affb.pdf  
xi. 
July 2015 Conditions: 
http://ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_255fee15-ae4f-4ea9-88ce-138103bf5f4f.pdf  
xii. 
2015 Supplement:  
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_a88cec99-be60-423d-ab5d-
5264f12387e4.PDF?v=1252015  
xiii. 
2014 Supplement: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_6968f374-3143-40eb-8800-6c5c02054b8e.PDF  
xiv. 
2013 Supplement: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_49d0e371-0e62-40c5-b8dc-b709529c5e93.PDF  
xv. 
July 2014 Conditions: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_5c44f473-6452-4657-9aa2-
0a7b94fe6495.pdf?v=2762015  
xvi. 
July 2013 Conditions: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_d69f6e29-dc9b-44f3-ab94-172bda3c9d3f.pdf  
xvii. 
March 2013 Conditions:

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_80bb5846-b9fe-4d48-9b6b-baa69a2f9098.pdf  
xviii. 
2012 Conditions: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_6b964f4d-e065-4217-9a81-f4f5c21e4d4b.pdf  
xix. 
2011 Conditions:  
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_cba2bd86-e81b-4e8e-b31a-dc5ae0f61e91.pdf  
 
Document (6) above is available at the following: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_95b9d58d-
2141-4921-bd97-3d30e107c9ac.pdf

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
APPLICABLE TRANSACTION TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the information 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Notes. In relation 
to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer and the Guarantor have 
endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to 
the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of 
an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes which are not Exempt Notes will be 
contained either in the applicable Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be contained 
in the applicable Final Terms unless any of such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in which case such information, together with all of the other 
necessary information in relation to the relevant series of Notes, may be contained in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which are not Exempt Notes and are the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, 
for the purposes of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this 
Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of 
Final Terms are the Conditions as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
For a Tranche of Notes which are Exempt Notes, any information which is not included in this Base Prospectus 
and which is required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to such Tranche of Notes will be 
contained in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Such Pricing Supplement will, for the purposes of that Tranche 
only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which are Exempt Notes and are subject to a Pricing 
Supplement are the Conditions, as supplemented, amended or replaced by the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms (or Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context 
requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information 
relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which will include the additional terms and conditions 
contained in Annex 1 in the case of Equity Linked Notes, Annex 2 in the case of Inflation Linked Notes, Annex 3 
in the case of ETF Linked Notes, Annex 4 in the case of Fund Linked Notes, Annex 5 in the case of Credit Linked 
Notes, Annex 6 in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes, Annex 7 in relation to Payouts and 
Annex 8, in the case of EUA Contract Linked Notes, and which, subject to completion by the applicable Final 
Terms (in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes (as defined below)) or the applicable Pricing Supplement 
(in the case of Exempt Notes), will be applicable to the Notes in dematerialised book-entry form or in definitive 
form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) or Global Note Certificate(s) representing each Series 
and, subject further to simplification by deletion of non-applicable provisions, will be endorsed on such definitive 
Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such definitive Registered Notes, details of the relevant Series being 
shown on the relevant definitive Notes or Certificates and in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
as the case may be. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes 
which may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement dated on or around 27 July 2021 (the 
"Agency Agreement") between Santander International Products plc as issuer (the "Issuer"), Banco Santander, 
S.A. as guarantor (the "Guarantor") and as Iberclear paying agent in respect of Book-Entry Notes (the "Iberclear 
Paying Agent"), The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch as principal paying agent (the 
"Principal Paying Agent"), paying agent (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Iberclear Paying Agent 
and any additional or other paying agents in respect of the Notes from time to time appointed, the "Paying 
Agents"), transfer agent (together with any additional or other transfer agents in respect of the Notes from time to 
time appointed, the "Transfer Agents") and transparency directive agent, The Bank of New York Mellon as the 
U.S. paying and transfer agent, The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the 
"Registrar"), and with the benefit of a deed of covenant dated on or around 27 July 2021 (the "Deed of 
Covenant") executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. The Guarantor has, for the benefit of the Noteholders 
from time to time, executed and delivered a deed of guarantee dated on or around 27 July 2021 (the "Deed of 
Guarantee") under which it has guaranteed the due and punctual payment and/or delivery of all amounts due 
and/or assets deliverable by the Issuer under the Notes and the Deed of Covenant as and when the same shall 
become due and payable and/or deliverable. The initial Calculation Agent(s) (if any) is specified on the Notes. 
The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders" or "Holders"), the holders of the interest coupons (the "Coupons") 
appertaining to interest bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for 
further Coupons (the "Talons") (the "Couponholders") and the holders of the instalment receipts (the "Receipts") 
appertaining to the payment of principal by instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee are available for inspection 
at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or 
more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a set of Applicable Transaction Terms 
(the "Applicable Transaction Terms") which completes or, in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below), 
modifies or supplements these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to 
any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms shall prevail. The Applicable Transaction Terms will comprise either (a) 
the final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) as set out in Part A of the Final Terms (the "Final 
Terms") attached to or endorsed on this Note, or (b) if this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom nor offered in the European Economic Area or 
in the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA"), as the case may be, (an "Exempt 
Note"), the final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) as set out in Part A of the Pricing 
Supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") attached to or endorsed on this Note and may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, supplement amend or replace the Conditions 
for the purposes of this Note. Any reference in these Conditions to "Applicable Transaction Terms" and/or 
"relevant Applicable Transaction Terms" will be deemed to be a reference to "Final Terms" and/or "applicable 
Final Terms"; and/or "Pricing Supplement" and/or "applicable Pricing Supplement", as appropriate in respect of 
each Series of Notes. Where this Note is issued under a standalone prospectus (a "Drawdown Prospectus"), 
references to the Applicable Transaction Terms, Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, shall be

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
deemed to be references to the Drawdown Prospectus, as the context requires. The expression "Prospectus 
Regulation' means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
In the case of offers in Italy, if the type of securities is specified as "Certificates" in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, references in the Conditions to "Note(s)", "Noteholder(s)", "Global Note" and "Global Note Certificate" 
shall be deemed to refer to "Certificate(s)", "Certificateholder(s)", "Global Certificate" and "Global Certificate 
Certificate" and related expressions herein or in the Agency Agreement, any Global Note or Global Note 
Certificate and any notes in definitive form shall be construed accordingly.   
1. 
Definitions 
See also Condition 21 (Additional Definitions) below. 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms; 
"Adjustment Spread" means, in respect of any Replacement Reference Rate, the adjustment, if any, to 
such Replacement Reference Rate that the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, where relevant having regard to any Industry Standard Adjustment, 
which is required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of 
economic value from the Issuer to the Noteholders (or vice versa) that would otherwise arise as a result 
of the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with the relevant Replacement Reference Rate. Any 
such adjustment may take account of, without limitation, any transfer of economic value (which may be 
a value anticipated or estimated by the Calculation Agent) as a result of any difference in the term 
structure or tenor of the Replacement Reference Rate by comparison to the relevant Reference Rate. The 
Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero, or determined pursuant to a formula or 
methodology. If a spread or methodology for calculating a spread has been formally designated, 
nominated or recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the replacement of the 
relevant Reference Rate with a relevant Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate, then, where the 
Replacement Reference Rate is the Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
shall be determined on the basis of such recommendation (adjusted as necessary to reflect the fact that 
the spread or methodology is used in the context of the Notes); 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-Approval Event, a Rejection Event or a 
Suspension/Withdrawal Event, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event Date" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the date determined 
by the Calculation Agent to be the later of the Issue Date and: 
(a) 
in respect of a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, (A) in the event of a Benchmark 
Modification or Prohibition of Use, the effective date of the material change or prohibition of 
use of such Reference Rate or (B) in the event of a Benchmark Cessation, the first day on which 
such Reference Rate is no longer available; 
(b) 
in respect of a Non-Approval Event, the date on which the relevant authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval, inclusion in any official register or 
regulatory or legal requirement is required under any applicable law or regulation in order for 
any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its obligations in respect 
of the Notes; 
(c) 
in respect of a Rejection Event, the date on which, following the rejection or refusal of the 
relevant application for authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, an equivalence 
decision, approval or inclusion in any official register, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
other entity is not permitted under any applicable law or regulation to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes; and 
(d) 
in respect of a Suspension/Withdrawal Event, the date on which following (A) the suspension 
or withdrawal by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body of the relevant

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval, or (B) 
the date on which such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate 
is removed from the official register, as applicable, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
other entity is not permitted under any applicable law or regulation to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes; 
 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity 
directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity or person or, if the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the First Entity, 
whether by contract, or otherwise; 
"AIAF" means the Spanish fixed income securities market, AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija operated by 
Bolsas y Mercados Españoles Renta Fija, S.A.U.; 
"Alternative Industry Standard Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, a rate that is, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, recognised or acknowledged as being an industry standard (or 
otherwise customarily widely adopted) replacement rate for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference such Reference Rate (which may include (i) an interpolation of other tenors of such 
Reference Rate, (ii) a rate or fall-back rate, or methodology for calculating a rate or fall-back rate, (iii) a 
rate selected or recommended by a relevant trade association, working group, task-force or committee or 
(iv) a rate that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Nominating Body for the currency of 
such Reference Rate), which recognition or acknowledgment may, but does not have to, be in the form 
of a press release, a member announcement, a member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard 
terms or otherwise by ISDA or any other industry body, or relevant trade association, working group, 
task-force or committee; 
"Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, any interest rate, 
index, benchmark or other price source which is formally designated, nominated or recommended by:  
(a) 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(b) 
the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate,  
in each case, to replace such Reference Rate. If a replacement interest rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source is designated, nominated or recommended under both paragraphs (a) and (b) above, then the 
replacement interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source designated, nominated or recommended 
under paragraph (a) shall be the Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate; 
"Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the first of the 
indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms which 
is not subject to a Reference Rate Event; 
"Amortised Face Amount" means, in respect of Zero Coupon Notes, an amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or Early 
Redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or Early Redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 
360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or Early Redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365); 
"Associated Costs" means an amount per principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount 
equal to such Notes' pro rata share of the total amount of any and all costs associated or incurred by the 
Issuer, any Affiliate and/or Hedging Party in connection with an early redemption, including, without 
limitation, any costs associated with unwinding, substituting, re-establishing and/or incurring any 
funding relating to the Notes and/or any costs associated with unwinding, substituting, re-establishing 
and/or incurring any Hedging Arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
In the case of Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market, the Multilateral Trading Facility of securitised 
dervivative financial instruments organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A (the "SeDeX Market") 
or on Euro TLX, the Multilateral Trading Facility organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
("Euro TLX"), for the avoidance of any doubt and notwithstanding any other provisions of the 
Conditions or the Applicable Transaction Terms, any provisions of the Conditions or the Applicable 
Transaction Terms which allow the costs of unwinding, substituting, settling, re-establishing or incurring 
any hedging arrangements (howsoever described) or any amount that would have been incurred as such 
hedging costs had the relevant hedging arrangements been in place may not be (i) deducted from amounts 
payable or deliverable to Noteholders or (ii) taken into account in any adjustments or calculations made 
pursuant to the Conditions and references to such hedging costs will be deemed not to apply to the Notes 
admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX;  
"Benchmark" means any figure by reference to which any amount payable or deliverable under the 
Notes, or the value of the Notes, is determined in whole or in part, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate any of the 
following has occurred or will occur: 
(a) 
any material change in such Reference Rate (including, but not limited to, any material change 
to the definition of, or the methodology or formula for the determination of, such Reference 
Rate or other means of calculating such Reference Rate) (a "Benchmark Modification");  
(b) 
permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Reference Rate (a 
"Benchmark Cessation"); or 
(c) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Reference Rate such that any 
of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity is unable to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes (a "Prohibition of Use"); 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended from time to 
time; 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET2 Settlement Day or (ii) in relation 
to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in (a) in the case of Notes other than Book-
Entry Notes, London and the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency (if other than 
any Additional Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Renminbi shall be the 
relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s)) or (b) in the case of Book-Entry Notes, Madrid and 
the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency; and

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
(b) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each (if any) Additional Business Centre specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms (other 
than TARGET2);  
(c) 
and if TARGET2 is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as an Additional Business 
Centre, a TARGET2 Settlement Day; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, may 
have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall 
have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Person specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms as the 
party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" means, in relation to any Notes, (i) where the Notes have only one Specified 
Denomination, such Specified Denomination, and (ii) where the Notes have more than one Specified 
Denomination, the lowest common factor of those Specified Denominations; 
"Cash Settled Notes" means Notes for which settlement will be by way of cash settlement, as provided 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"CMS Linked Notes" means Notes the payment of interest on which is linked to a constant maturity 
swap rate; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note;

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
"Credit Linked Conditions" means the conditions in respect of Credit Linked Notes set out at "Annex 
5 Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes" of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes; 
"Credit Linked Notes" means Notes to which the Credit Linked Conditions are specified to apply in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Cut-off Date" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and: 
(a) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the later of (a) 60 Business Days following the day on 
which the Calculation Agent determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred 
and (b) the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date; or 
(b) 
a Reference Rate Cessation Event, the later of (i) 60 Business Days following the day on which 
a relevant public statement is made or relevant information is published in respect of a Reference 
Rate Cessation Event and (ii) the Reference Rate Cessation Event Date; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time not comprising a complete year (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the 
"Calculation Period") such day count fraction as may be specified in these conditions or the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2









--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
 
1
2
1
2
1
2








360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
 
1
2
1
2
1
2









--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period; and 
(h) 
if "1/1" or "1" is so specified, one; 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, if "Not Applicable" is specified in respect 
of the Day Count Fraction in the Applicable Transaction Terms, no Day Count Fraction will be taken 
into account in the calculation of any interest in respect of the Notes; 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
(which may be expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount or an amount per Calculation 
Amount) as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms, which, in the case of Partly Paid Notes shall be the Partly Paid Early Redemption Amount. If 
"Market Value less Associated Costs" is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, this amount will 
be the fair market value of such Notes less Associated Costs. The Early Redemption Amount will be 
subject where applicable to the provisions of the definition "Fair Market Value Interest Element"; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount (which may be expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount or an amount per 
Calculation Amount) as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms and subject where applicable to the provisions of the definition "Fair Market Value 
Interest Element"; 
"ETF Linked Notes" means Notes linked to one or more exchange traded funds (as specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be)); 
"Equity Linked Notes" means Single Share Linked Notes, Share Basket Linked Notes, Single Share 
Index Linked Notes, Share Index Basket Linked Notes, each as defined in Annex 1 (Provisions relating 
to Equity Linked Notes) of these Conditions; 
"EUA Contract Linked Notes" means Notes linked to an EUA Contract (as specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms); 
"Euro-zone" means the member states of the European Union that are participating in the third stage of 
European Monetary Union; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Fair Market Value Interest Element" means, if "Fair Market Value Interest Element" is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, then notwithstanding any other provision in the 
Conditions, no amount of accrued interest will be payable on early redemption of the Notes, but the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax) or Early Redemption Amount (as applicable) will take into account or (as 
applicable and without double counting) be increased by the fair market value (if any) of the interest 
element of the relevant Notes; 
"Final Redemption Amount" shall be an amount in respect of each Calculation Amount equal to, the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by: (i) the percentage or (ii) the Final Payout, in each case as specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be). For the 
avoidance of doubt, if the Final Payout is zero or negative, no amount shall be payable on the final 
redemption of the Note; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms;

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Fund Linked Notes" means Notes linked to a specified fund share or unit or basket of fund shares or 
units (as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as the case 
may be)); 
"General Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that (1) a 
General Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur or (2) any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register 
in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, 
or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case, with the effect that the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or 
regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes 
or (3) it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of Benchmark in connection with the Notes 
from the perspective of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or the Issuer or the Calculation Agent suffers 
or will suffer an increased cost, in each case, as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes 
in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or 
perform its obligations in respect of the Notes and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not 
renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence) or 
(4) there has been a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the relevant Benchmark announcing that the relevant Benchmark is no longer, or as of 
a specified future date will no longer be, representative of any relevant underlying market(s); 
"General Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of 
the following: 
(a) 
any material change in such Benchmark; 
(b) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; or 
(c) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark; 
"Hedging Arrangements" means any underlying or related transaction(s), asset(s) or trading position(s) 
or arrangements the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents may enter into or hold from time to time 
(including, if applicable, on a portfolio basis) to hedge directly or indirectly and whether in whole or in 
part the credit or other price risk or funding of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes; 
"Hedging Party(ies)" means the Issuer and, if any, the entity with which the Issuer agrees the Hedging 
Transaction(s); 
"Hedging Transaction" means any transaction that the Issuer enters into in order to hedge its obligations 
in respect of the Notes; 
"Iberclear" means Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de 
Valores, S.A., Unipersonal; 
"IBOR Fallback Rate Adjustments Rule Book" means the IBOR Fallback Rate Adjustments Rule 
Book published by Bloomberg Index Services Limited (or a successor provider as approved and/or 
appointed by ISDA from time to time) as updated from time to time in accordance with its terms; 
"Industry Standard Adjustment" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread, the 
fixed spread adjustment published by Bloomberg Index Services Limited (or a successor provider as 
approved and/or appointed by ISDA from time to time) for the purpose of calculating fallback rates under 
the IBOR Fallback Rate Adjustments Rule Book (or any successor publication), or any other spread or 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread or payment (as applicable), that is, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard (or being otherwise 
customarily widely adopted) for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference such Reference 
Rate (which may include (i) a spread or payment (as applicable) selected or recommended by a relevant 
trade association, working group or committee or (ii) a spread or payment (as applicable) that has been

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Nominating Body for the currency of such Reference Rate), 
which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of a press release, a member announcement, 
a member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA or any other 
industry body; 
"Index Linked Notes" means Equity Linked Notes other than Single Share Linked Notes and Share 
Basket Linked Notes; 
"Inflation Linked Notes" means Notes linked to a specified inflation index or basket of inflation indices 
(as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may 
be)); 
"Instalment Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date of issue of the Notes (the "Issue Date") or such other 
date as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to an Interest Rate and Interest Period, the date 
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such 
Interest Period if the Specified Currency is sterling or (ii) the day falling two London Business Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is not sterling, or (iii) the day falling 
two TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is 
Euro; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms 
and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur 
in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention 
at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date; 
"Interest Rate" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto ("ISDA"), as amended or supplemented from time 
to time (the "2006 Definitions"), provided that if the Calculation Agent determines this is appropriate by 
reference to the hedging arrangements for the relevant series of Notes, ISDA Definitions will mean any 
successor definitional booklet to the 2006 Definitions as supplemented from time to time for interest rate 
derivatives, all as determined as of the date of the relevant determination under this Condition; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms;

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Non-Approval Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the Calculation 
Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(a) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in 
respect of such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate has not 
been or will not be obtained; 
(b) 
such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate has not been or will 
not be included in an official register; or  
(c) 
such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate does not or will not 
fulfil any legal or regulatory requirement applicable to the Notes, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent or such Reference Rate, 
in each case, as is or will be required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. For the 
avoidance of doubt, a Non-Approval Event shall not be deemed to occur if at the time of occurrence or 
continuation of any event described above, each of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity 
is permitted to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes;  
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount (which may be expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount or an amount per 
Calculation Amount) as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount (which may be expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount or an amount per 
Calculation Amount) as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms; 
"Other Reference Item" means a reference item other than a share index, a share, an inflation index, a 
reference item rate, an exchange traded fund, a fund share, a fund unit, the credit of a specified entity or 
a foreign exchange rate, as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement for the purpose of determining 
any interest payable or the redemption amount in respect of the relevant Note; 
"Other Reference Item Linked Interest Note" means any Reference Item Linked Note in relation to 
which one or more interest amounts payable in respect of such Note are determined by reference to an 
Other Reference Item; 
"Other Reference Item Linked Note" means an Other Reference Item Linked Interest Note or an Other 
Reference Item Linked Redemption Note;

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
"Other Reference Item Linked Redemption Note" means any Reference Item Linked Note in relation 
to which the redemption amounts payable in respect of such Note are determined by reference to an Other 
Reference Item; 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means the paid-up amount of each Calculation Amount from time to 
time, subject as provided in Condition 6(h); 
"Partly Paid Early Redemption Amount" means an amount in respect of each Calculation Amount 
equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Calculation Amount as of the Part Payment Date 
immediately preceding the date of early redemption, without taking into account any amounts paid on or 
after the relevant Part Payment Date, as further described in Condition 6(h); 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Physical Delivery Notes" means Notes for which settlement will be by way of physical delivery, as 
provided in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case, as is selected (in the case 
of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Priority Fallback" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, if the definition of such Reference Rate 
includes a reference to a concept defined or otherwise described as an "index cessation event" (regardless 
of the contents of that definition or description), any fallback specified in that definition or description 
to apply following such an event (which may include, amongst others, the replacement of such Reference 
Rate with a replacement reference rate and/or the application of an adjustment spread to such replacement 
reference rate); 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Amortised Face Amount (in respect of Zero Coupon Notes) or such other 
amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or, if none, four 
(or if the Principal Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in 
the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Item" means one or more underlying reference assets, entities or bases, as may be specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Reference Item Linked Note" means a Note whose return (whether in respect of any interest payable 
on such Note and/or its redemption amount or the assets deliverable in respect of such Note) is linked to 
one or more Reference Items, including share indices, shares, inflation indices, reference item rate(s), 
fund shares or units, the credit of a specified entity or entities, foreign exchange rates or EU emissions 
allowance contracts or any Other Reference Item as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means one of LIBOR, EURIBOR, Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily 
SOFR, Compounded Daily €STR, HIBOR or CNH HIBOR, any rate (including any swap rate) to be 
determined pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iv) or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any other rate, as specified in 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. To the extent that a Replacement Reference Rate is

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
determined to be used in respect of the Notes, such Replacement Reference Rate shall be a "Reference 
Rate" for the Notes during the period in which it is used; 
"Reference Rate Cessation Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the 
Calculation Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such 
Reference Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide such Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Reference Rate; 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of such Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of such Reference Rate, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Reference Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Reference Rate or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such 
Reference Rate which states that the administrator of such Reference Rate has ceased or will 
cease to provide such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
such Reference Rate;  
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of such Reference Rate announcing that the regulatory supervisor has determined 
that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, 
representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Reference Rate is 
intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored; or 
(d) 
any event which otherwise constitutes an "index cessation event" (regardless of how it is 
actually defined or described in the definition of such Reference Rate) in relation to which a 
Priority Fallback is specified;  
"Reference Rate Cessation Event Date" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and the occurrence of a 
Reference Rate Cessation Event, the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the first day on 
which such Reference Rate is no longer provided or, if earlier, the first day on which such Reference 
Rate is no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Reference Rate 
is intended to measure (where applicable); 
"Reference Rate Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the Calculation 
Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(a) 
a Reference Rate Cessation Event; or 
(b) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event, 
provided that if, in respect of such Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise 
constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation 
Event, or (ii) both a Reference Rate Cessation Event and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would 
otherwise be continuing at the same time, it will in either case constitute a Reference Rate Cessation and 
will not constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event, unless the date that would 
otherwise have been the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date would have occurred prior to the relevant 
Reference Rate Cessation Event Date, in which case, such event will constitute an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event; "Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Rejection Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the Calculation Agent 
that the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body rejects or refuses or will reject or 
refuse any application for authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, an equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register which, in each case, is or will be required in relation to the 
Notes, such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate under any applicable 
law or regulation for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Notes; 
"Relevant Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only which are not Book-Entry Notes, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Book-Entry Notes, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Madrid; and 
(iii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET2 Settlement Day and a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre (as may be specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms); or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is Renminbi, any day which is:  
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only which are not Book-Entry Notes, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Book-Entry Notes, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Madrid; and 
(iii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant 
Renminbi Settlement Centre(s); or 
(c) 
if the currency of payment is not euro and not renminbi, any day which is: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only which are not Book-Entry Notes, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Book-Entry Notes, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Madrid; and 
(iii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre (as may be specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms); 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received by the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Iberclear Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to 
such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Relevant Market Data" means, in relation to any determination by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, 
any relevant information including, without limitation, one or more of the following types of information: 
(a) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant market supplied by one or more 
third parties including, without limitation, alternative benchmarks, relevant rates, prices, yields, 
yield curves, volatilities, spreads, correlations or other relevant market data in the relevant 
market, unless such information is not readily available or, if used to make a determination, 
would produce a result that is not commercially reasonable; or 
(b) 
information of the type described in paragraph (a) above from the Issuer's or the Calculation 
Agent's internal sources if that information is of the same type used by the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, for adjustments to, or valuations of, similar transactions. 
Third parties supplying market data pursuant to paragraph (a) above may include, without limitation, 
central counterparties, exchanges, dealers in the relevant markets, end-users of the relevant product, 
information vendors, brokers and other recognised sources of market information; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate:  
(a) 
the central bank for the currency in which such Reference Rate is denominated or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising either such Reference 
Rate or the administrator of such Reference Rate; or  
(b) 
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank for 
the currency in which such Reference Rate is denominated, (B) any central bank or other 
supervisor which is responsible for supervising either such Reference Rate or the administrator 
of such Reference Rate, (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors, or (D) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service 
or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to 
the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Renminbi" and "CNH" means the currency of the People's Republic of China (excluding, for the 
purpose of these Conditions, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of 
China, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan) 
("PRC").  
"Renminbi Settlement Centre(s)" means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no Renminbi Settlement Centre 
is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Renminbi Settlement Centre shall be deemed to be 
Hong Kong.

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
"Replacement Reference Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate (if any); or 
(b) 
(A) if paragraph (a) above does not apply, an Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate or 
Alternative Industry Standard Rate for such Reference Rate, or (B) if the Calculation Agent 
determines that there is no Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate or Alternative Industry 
Standard Rate that is appropriate in relation to the Notes, any other interest rate, index, 
benchmark or other price source that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially 
reasonable alternative for such Reference Rate; 
"Share Linked Notes" means Equity Linked Notes other than Single Share Index Linked Notes and 
Share Index Basket Linked Notes. 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" means, in relation to any Notes, the denomination or denominations of 
such Notes specified as such in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and may be expressed as (i) 
a currency amount or (ii) a currency amount and integral multiples of a second currency amount in excess 
of such currency amount; 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the duration specified hereon or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the 
relative interest accrual period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to a Business Day Convention; 
"specified office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the 
Calculation Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(a) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws or will 
suspend or withdraw any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision or approval in relation to such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such 
Reference Rate which is or will be required under any applicable law or regulation in order for 
any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its obligations under 
the Notes; or  
(b) 
such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate is or will be 
removed from any official register where inclusion in such register is or will be required under 
any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any 
other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if, at the time of occurrence 
or continuation of any event described above, each of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other 
entity is permitted to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007; 
"TARGET2 Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open; and 
"Variable Coupon Amount Note" means each Note specified as such in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Bearer Notes and Registered Notes 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes", which expression includes Notes 
which are specified to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in registered form ("Registered Notes"),

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
in bearer form exchangeable for Registered Notes ("Exchangeable Bearer Notes") in each case 
in the Specified Denomination(s) shown thereon. 
All Registered Notes shall have the same denomination. Where Exchangeable Bearer Notes are 
issued, the Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable shall have the same denomination 
as the lowest denomination of the Exchangeable Bearer Notes. 
Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the 
case of Bearer Notes which do not bear interest or which are Zero Coupon Notes (as defined 
below) in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the 
Maturity Date), Coupon and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Any Bearer Note, 
the principal amount of which is redeemable in instalments, is issued with one or more Receipts 
attached. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates ("Certificates"), each Certificate 
representing a holding of one or more Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to 
the Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register which the Issuer shall procure to 
be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Except as 
ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Bearer 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or Registered Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated 
as the absolute owner of such Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or Registered Note, as the 
case may be, for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account thereof and for all other 
purposes, whether or not such Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or Registered Note, shall 
be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing 
thereon made by anyone. 
In these Conditions, "holder" (in relation to a Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or a 
Registered Note) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or the person 
in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be).   
(b) 
Book-Entry Notes 
The Notes may be issued in dematerialised book-entry form (anotaciones en cuenta) ("Book-
Entry Notes") in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in relation thereto. Book-Entry Notes 
may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes or Registered Notes and vice versa. 
Book-Entry Notes may be transferred and title to the Book-Entry Notes may pass, in accordance 
with Spanish law and with all rules, restrictions and requirements of Iberclear (or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Iberclear Member), upon registration in the central registry (the "Central 
Registry") or, as the case may be, the registry maintained by the relevant member (entidad 
participante) of Iberclear ("Iberclear Member"). Except as otherwise required by Spanish law, 
each holder of Book-Entry Notes will be treated as the absolute owner of the relevant Book-
Entry Note for all purposes and no person will be liable for so treating the holder of Book-Entry 
Notes.   
The creation of limited in rem rights or any other encumbrance on the Book-Entry Note must 
be entered in the corresponding account and effected in accordance with the then current 
procedures of Iberclear (or relevant Iberclear Member). 
One or more certificates evidencing the relevant Noteholder's holding of Book-Entry Notes in 
the relevant registry will be delivered by the relevant Iberclear Member or, where the 
Noteholder is itself a Iberclear Member, by Iberclear (in each case, in accordance with the 
requirements of Spanish law and the procedures of the relevant Iberclear Member or, as the case 
may be, Iberclear) to such Noteholder upon such Noteholder's request.  
In these Conditions, "holder" in relation to Book-Entry Notes means the persons registered in 
the Central Registry maintained by Iberclear or in the registry maintained by the Iberclear 
Member. Any reference herein to Receipts, Coupons and Talons and to their respective holders 
shall not be applicable.

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
(c) 
Definitions 
Capitalised terms have the meanings given to them herein, the absence of any such meaning 
indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. All capitalised terms which are not 
defined in these conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Bearer Notes (in the 
case of Bearer Notes) or the Certificates (in the case of Registered Notes). 
3. 
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 3(f) (Closed periods), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be 
exchanged for the same aggregate principal amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing 
of the relevant holder of a Note and upon surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be 
exchanged, together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent: provided, 
however, that where an Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record 
Date (as defined in Condition 7(b) (Payments, Talons and Physical Delivery - Registered 
Notes)) for any payment of interest or Instalment Amount, the Coupon in respect of that 
payment of interest or Receipt in respect of that Instalment Amount need not be surrendered 
with it. Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. In the case of a Series of 
Bearer Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified 
Denomination will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Notes which are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered 
Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender of the Certificate 
representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed 
on such Certificate duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented 
by one Certificate, a new Certificate in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to 
the transferor. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder 
of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued 
against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of an option by an Issuer or a holder of Notes in respect of, or a partial 
redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new 
Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the 
balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in 
Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall be 
issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New Certificates shall 
only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of 
Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued 
against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of new Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 3(a) (Exchange of Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes), (b) (Transfer of Registered Notes) or (c) (Exercise of Options or Partial 
Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes) will, within three business days (being a day, other 
than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified 
office of the Transfer Agent or the Registrar to whom such request for exchange or form of 
transfer shall have been delivered) of receipt of such request for exchange or form of transfer, 
be available for delivery at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the 
case may be) to whom such delivery shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making 
such delivery as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange or form of

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
transfer, be mailed at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may 
be specified in such request for exchange or form of transfer. 
(e) 
Exchange free of charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of an 
option will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agents, but upon payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant 
Transfer Agent may require in respect thereof) of any tax or other governmental charges which 
may be imposed in relation to it. 
(f) 
Closed periods 
No holder of a Note may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an 
Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged for a Registered Note (i) during the period of 15 
days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior 
to any date on which Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer at its option pursuant to 
Condition 6(e) (Redemption, Purchase and Options – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
and Exercise of Issuer's Options) or (iii) after any such Note has been drawn for redemption in 
whole or in part. An Exchangeable Bearer Note called for redemption may, however, be 
exchanged for a Registered Note in respect of which the Certificate is simultaneously 
surrendered not later than the relevant Record Date. 
(g) 
Restricted Securities 
For so long as any Registered Note is outstanding and is a "restricted security" (as defined in 
Rule 144 (a)(3) under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act")) and during any period in relation thereto during which it is neither subject to Sections 13 
or 15(d) of the United States Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") nor 
exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) of the Exchange Act, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor will make available on request to each holder of such Note in connection with any 
resale thereof and to any prospective purchaser of such Note from such holder, in each case 
upon request, the information specified in and meeting the requirements of Rule 144A(d)(4) 
under the Securities Act. 
4. 
Guarantee and Status 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating thereto constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and rateably without 
any preference among the obligations of the Issuer in respect of other Notes of the same Series 
of the Issuer and (subject to any applicable statutory exceptions and without prejudice as 
aforesaid) at least pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and 
monetary obligations of the Issuer, present and future. 
By purchasing the Notes, holders of Notes expressly waive any preference or priority that may 
be conferred upon them by any existing or future law over the holders of any other Notes and 
any other unsecured and unsubordinated debt securities issued by the Issuer, so that no Notes 
shall rank in any circumstances ahead of any such other Notes (provided, however, that no such 
waiver shall apply in respect of any other Notes which qualify as subordinated claims pursuant 
to Article 281 of Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, which approves the consolidated text of the 
Spanish insolvency law ("RDL 1/2020" or "Spanish Insolvency Law") or equivalent legal 
provision which replaces it in future). 
(b) 
Guarantee 
The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums 
expressed to be payable and/or delivery of all assets expressed to be deliverable by the Issuer 
under the Notes, Receipts and Coupons. The obligations of the Guarantor in respect of the Notes 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured senior preferred obligations of 
the Guarantor and rank pari passu without any preference in respect of other Notes of the same

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
Series and in the event of the insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor will rank pari passu with 
all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated senior preferred obligations of the 
Guarantor, except for such payment obligations that are preferred by law under Articles 242, 
270 and 280 of RDL 1/2020 and any deposits described in Additional Provision 14.1 of Law 
11/2015 or, as the case may be, that are qualified as senior non-preferred debt under Additional 
Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015 and subordinated debt by law under Article 281 of RDL 1/2020 
or equivalent legal provisions which replace them in the future. Its obligations in that respect 
(the "Guarantee") are contained in the Deed of Guarantee. 
The claims of all creditors against the Guarantor considered as "ordinary preferred credits" will 
be satisfied pro rata in insolvency. Ordinary preferred credits rank above senior non-preferred 
ordinary credits, subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. 
Pursuant to Article 152 of RDL 1/2020, the further accrual of interest shall be suspended from 
the date of declaration of the insolvency of the Guarantor. Claims of Noteholders in respect of 
interest accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure in respect of 
the Guarantor shall constitute subordinated claims against the Guarantor ranking in accordance 
with the provisions of Article 281 of RDL 1/2020 (including, without limitation, after claims 
on account of principal in respect of contractually subordinated obligations of the Guarantor in 
respect of instruments not qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments of 
the Guarantor). 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are also subject to the application of 
the general bail-in tool by the relevant resolution authority pursuant to the Bank Recovery 
and Resolution Directive and Law 11/2015. 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of the Guarantor arising 
on or after 3 February 2005, any indebtedness of the Issuer or any other person or entity in the form of, 
or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which are or are capable of 
being quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter market or other 
securities market (for which purpose any such bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities 
shall be deemed not to be capable of being so quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in if the terms of the issue 
thereof expressly so provide) and where more than 50% thereof in aggregate principal amount are 
initially offered, sold or distributed outside the Kingdom of Spain ("Spain"); provided, however, that 
Relevant Indebtedness shall not include any indebtedness which is secured upon, or has a preferential 
right to, a specified pool of assets or revenues present or future, including, without limitation, cédulas 
hipotecarias issued in accordance with Law 2/1981, of 25 March, regulating the mortgage market ("Law 
2/81") and Real Decreto 716/2009 of 24 April which develops the Law 2/81, as amended or superseded 
from time to time ("Cédulas Hipotecarias") or Cédulas Territoriales. 
5. 
Interest Provisions 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 5(a) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms as being 
applicable. 
(ii) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 7 (Payments, Talons and Physical Delivery) and 
Condition 5(b)(vii) (Reference Item Linked Interest Notes). Each Note will cease to 
bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation (in 
the case of Notes other than Book-Entry Notes), payment of the Redemption Amount 
or the payment and/or delivery of the Entitlement (if applicable) due is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5(a) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of 
(A) the day on which all sums due and/or assets comprised in the Entitlement in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(B) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent, the Iberclear Paying 
Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be) or any agent appointed by the Issuer to

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
deliver such assets to Noteholders has notified the Noteholders that it has received all 
sums due and/or assets comprised in the Entitlement in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment and/or 
delivery). 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount: If a Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms, the amount of interest payable in respect of each 
Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the 
Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed 
Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. If a Broken 
Amount is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of the specified Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Broken 
Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the 
relevant Broken Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(iv) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is not specified 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount (or, in 
the case of Partly Paid Notes, to the Outstanding Principal Amount in respect of the 
Calculation Amount as of the first day of the relevant Interest Period), multiplying the 
product by the relevant Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure shall be rounded to 
the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of 
such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, 
in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. 
(b) 
Floating Rate Notes, ETF Linked Notes, CMS Linked Notes, Reference Item Linked Notes 
and Other Reference Item Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 5(b) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions, CMS Linked Note provisions, Equity Linked Note Provisions, 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions, ETF Linked Note Provisions, Fund Linked Note 
Provisions or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Provisions or EUA Contract 
Linked Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms as 
being applicable in relation to the determination of interest or if the Other Reference 
Item Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 7 (Payments, Talons and Physical Delivery) and 
Condition 5(b)(vii) (Reference Item Linked Interest Notes). Each Note will cease to 
bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation (in 
the case of Notes other than Book-Entry Notes), payment of the Redemption Amount 
or the payment and/or delivery of the Entitlement (if applicable) due is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with 
this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (A) 
the day on which all sums due and/or assets comprised in the Entitlement in respect of 
such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(B) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent, the Iberclear Paying 
Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be) or any agent appointed by the Issuer to 
deliver such assets to Noteholders has notified the Noteholders that it has received all 
sums due and/or assets comprised in the Entitlement in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment and/or 
delivery). 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest or Rate

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
is/are to be determined, then, subject to the provisions of Condition 5(i), such Rate of 
Interest or the relevant Rate in respect of an Interest Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis and the Rate of Interest or Rate shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(b)(v) (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) 
or Condition 5(b)(vii) (in the case of Reference Item Linked Interest Notes): 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean 
of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(C) 
if a Reference Rate Event has not occurred and, in the case of (A) above, such 
rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than two 
such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, the Rate of Interest or Rate will be such rate as is determined 
by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner having regard to the nearest comparable benchmarks or other 
reference source(s) then available. 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest or Rate is/are to be 
determined, the Rate applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (X) if 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the London inter-bank offered 
rate (LIBOR), on the Hong Kong interbank offered rate (HIBOR) or on the 
CNH Hong Kong interbank offered rate (CNH HIBOR), the first day of that 
Interest Period or (Y) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms, 
provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has not 
occurred but such ISDA Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the ISDA 
Definitions read with the above provisions and prior to the application of fallbacks in 
the ISDA Definitions (including, where applicable, any Reference Dealer (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) quotations or fallbacks set out in Supplement number 70 to 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions (Amendments to the 2006 ISDA Definitions to include new 
IBOR fallbacks)) then, the ISDA Rate for the Relevant Determination Date shall be 
such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner having regard to the nearest comparable benchmarks or other 
reference source(s) then available. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, unless otherwise stated in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be 
zero.

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
(v) 
Rate of Interest: the Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes (other than Reference Item 
Linked Interest Notes) shall be determined as follows: 
(A) 
If "Margin Plus Rate" is specified as applicable in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the Rate of Interest will be equal to the Margin plus the 
Rate; 
(B) 
If "Specified Percentage Multiplied by Rate" is specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Rate of Interest will be equal to the 
Specified Percentage multiplied by the Rate; or 
(C) 
If "Difference in Rates" is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms, the Rate of Interest will be equal to the Specified Percentage 
multiplied by (Rate – Rate 2), each of Rate and Rate 2 to be determined in 
accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii) or (iv), as applicable. 
(D) 
SONIA 
Compounded Daily SONIA – non Index Determination  
If the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms as being Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below and save where Index 
Determination applies, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus the Margin (if 
any), as calculated by the Calculation Agent: 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date (as further specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) in accordance with the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (where in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period; 
"d0" means (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" is 
specified as the Observation Method) for any Interest Period, the number of 
London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period or (where in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method) for any SONIA Observation Period, the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first London Banking Day (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest 
Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method) the SONIA Observation Period;

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any calendar day (other than a 
Saturday and Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"ni", for any day "i", means the number of calendar days from and including 
such day "i" up to but excluding the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of London Banking 
Days specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) 
the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms;  
"SONIA Observation Period" means the period from and including the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date; 
"SONIA Reference Rate", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the London Banking 
Day immediately following such London Banking Day); and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means:  
(a) 
where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" is 
specified as the Observation Method, (save as specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) in respect of any London 
Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA 
Reference Rate for the London Banking Day falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to such day; or 
(b) 
where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method, (save as specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) SONIAi, where SONIAi is, 
in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant 
SONIA Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for such 
London Banking Day. 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination 
If the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms as being Compounded Daily SONIA, and Index Determination is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated by reference to 
the screen rate or index administered by the administrator of the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average reference rate that is published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time at the relevant 
time on the relevant determination dates specified below, as further specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms (the "SONIA Compounded 
Index") and the following formula and the following formula and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. Such Rate of Interest will be plus the 
Margin (if any), as calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA rate =

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
d
x
Index
Compounded
SONIA
Index
Compounded
SONIA
x
y
365
1






 
where: 
"x" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined 
in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period;  
"y" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined 
in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which "x" is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which "y" is 
determined;  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any calendar day (other than a 
Saturday and Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
(E) 
SOFR 
Compounded Daily SOFR – non Index Determination 
If the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms as being Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below and save where Index 
Determination applies, be Compounded Daily SOFR plus the Margin (if any), 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent: 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date (as further specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms) as follows, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
d
n
SOFR
o
d
i
i
pUSBD
i
360
1
360
1
1



















 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (where in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period;  
"d0", means (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" is 
specified as the Observation Method) for any Interest Period, the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period or 
(where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is specified as 
the Observation Method) for any SOFR Observation Period, the number of

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Period or (where in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method) the SOFR Observation Period; 
"ni", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the number of 
calendar days from and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day up to but excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day;  
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms; 
"SOFR Reference Rate", in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day ("USBDx"), is a reference rate equal to the daily secured 
overnight financing ("SOFR") rate for such USBDx as provided by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website 
or the website of any successor administrator for the publication of such rate 
(the "New York Federal Reserve’s Website") (in each case, on or about 5:00 
p.m., New York City time, on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such USBDx) or if the New York Federal Reserve’s 
Website is unavailable as otherwise published by or on behalf of the relevant 
administrator; 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means: 
(a) 
where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms"Lag" is 
specified as the Observation Method, (save as specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such day; or 
(b) 
where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method, (save as specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in 
respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" falling 
in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate 
for such day;  
"SOFR Observation Period" means in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from and including the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to but excluding 
the date p U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the relevant 
Interest Payment Date; and

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination 
If the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR, and Index Determination 
is specified as being applicable in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated by reference to 
the following formula and based on the SOFR Index (as defined below), as 
further specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point e.g., 9.876541% (or .09876541) being 
rounded down to 9.87654% (or .0987654) and 9.876545% (or .09876545) 
being rounded up to 9.87655% (or .0987655). Such Rate of Interest will be 
plus the Margin (if any), all as calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SOFR = 
 
where: 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms; 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first 
date of the relevant Interest Period; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date relating to such Interest Period; 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, as the administrator of such index (or any successor 
administrator of index) as such index appears on the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website or the website of any successor administrator for the publication of 
such index at 3:00 pm New York City time; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities; and 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation 
to which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation 
to which SOFR IndexEnd is determined. 
(F) 
€STR 
If the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms as being Compounded Daily €STR, the Rate of Interest for each

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR 
plus the Margin (if any), as calculated by the Calculation Agent, as applicable 
(as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) calculated as 
immediately set out below. 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro 
short term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
d
360
360
n
€STR
Relevant
o
d
i
i
i
















1
1
1
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant €STR 
Observation Period; 
"d0" is the number of TARGET2 Business Days in (where in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) 
the relevant Interest Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant €STR 
Observation Period; 
"€STR Observation Period" means the period from (and including) the day 
falling "p" TARGET2 Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period to (but excluding) the day falling "p" TARGET2 Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date; 
"€STR Reference Rate", in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short term ("€STR") rate for such 
TARGET2 Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the 
website 
of 
the 
European 
Central 
Bank 
at 
https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html, 
or 
any 
successor 
website or the website of any successor administrator for the publication of 
such rate (the "ECB's Website") (in each case, on or about 9.00am., Central 
European Time, on the TARGET2 Business Day immediately following such 
TARGET2 Business Day) or if the ECB’s Website is unavailable as otherwise 
published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator; 
"€STRi-pTBD" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day "i", the €STR 
reference rate for the TARGET2 Business Day falling "p" TARGET2 
Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET2 Business Day "i"; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the 
relevant TARGET2 Business Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first TARGET2 Business Day in (where in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant €STR 
Observation Period;

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
"ni", for any TARGET2 Business Day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from and including such TARGET2 Business Day "i" up to but excluding the 
following TARGET2 Business Day; 
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of TARGET2 
Business Day specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) 
the number of TARGET2 Business Days included in the Observation Look-
Back Period specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Relevant €STRi" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day "i": 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms, €STRi-pTBD; or 
(b) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms, €STRi-, where €STRi- is, in respect 
of any TARGET2 Business Day "i" falling in the relevant €STR 
Observation Period, the €STR Reference Rate for such day; and 
"TARGET2 Business Day" or "TBD" means a day on which the TARGET2 
System is open. 
(vi) 
Subject as provided in Condition 5(i), if in respect of any relevant determination date 
a relevant component value required for the determination of a Daily Compounded 
SONIA, Daily Compounded SOFR or Daily Compounded €STR, as applicable, has 
not been provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any 
successor administrator) or authorised distributors or the relevant website is not 
available, the relevant value in respect of such determination date will be the last such 
value provided prior to the relevant unavailability. 
(vii) 
Reference Item Linked Interest Notes: In the case of Reference Item Linked Interest 
Notes or Other Reference Item Linked Interest Notes, where the Rate of Interest and/or 
the Interest Amount (whether on any Interest Payment Date, early redemption, 
maturity or otherwise) is to be determined by reference to one or more Reference Items, 
the Rate of Interest and/or the Interest Amount shall be determined where applicable 
as provided below, in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and, where 
applicable, the Payout Conditions. 
(viii) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, then the 
Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. Unless otherwise stated in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero and in no event shall the Rate 
of Interest be less than zero. 
(ix) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable 
after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each 
Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such 
Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount (or, in the case of Partly Paid Notes, 
to the Outstanding Principal Amount in respect of the Calculation Amount as of the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period), multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note 
divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case 
of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
(x) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms specifies 
that any other amount is to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is 
to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
(xi) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any 
other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment 
date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent 
will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest 
Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount 
in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(xii) 
Notifications, etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to 
the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(c) 
Dual Currency Note Provisions 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 5(c) is applicable to the Notes only if the Dual Currency 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms as being 
applicable. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest: If the rate or amount of interest falls to be determined by reference to 
an exchange rate, the rate or amount of interest payable shall be determined in the 
manner specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(d) 
Renminbi Currency Event 
If "Renminbi Currency Event" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, upon the occurrence of a Renminbi Currency Event, other than where the 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions also apply (in which case the 
provisions of the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions will apply 
instead), the Calculation Agent may determine that (i) the relevant payment and/or 
delivery obligations of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, be postponed 
to the tenth Business Day after the date on which the Renminbi Currency Event, as 
determined by the Issuer, ceases to exist or, if that would not be commercially 
reasonable, as soon as commercially reasonable thereafter; (ii) any of the obligations 
to pay Renminbi under the Notes, including cash amounts due in respect of Physical 
Delivery Notes or any other relevant Renminbi amount(s) determined pursuant to the 
Conditions be replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in the Relevant Event 
Currency converted using the Spot Rate for the relevant Renminbi Determination Date; 
and/or (iii) the Issuer may redeem the Notes early by giving notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) and the Issuer will pay to each Noteholder in 
respect of each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount held by 
such holder, an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount.

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
The Issuer shall, as soon as practicable after the occurrence of a Renminbi Currency 
Event, give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) stating 
the occurrence of the Renminbi Currency Event and giving details thereof. 
Where an event occurs that could be a Disruption Event, an Additional Disruption 
Event, a Potential Adjustment Event or any other form of disruption event specified in 
the Conditions or, alternatively, also be a Renminbi Currency Event, the above 
Renminbi Currency Event provisions will prevail, other than where the Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions also apply (in which case the provisions 
of the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions will apply instead).  
For the purpose of this Condition and unless stated otherwise in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms: 
"Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) and settle 
payments in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s), London, Madrid and the 
principal financial centre of the country of the Relevant Event Currency; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency 
or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental 
authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the 
financial markets (including the central bank) of the relevant Renminbi Settlement 
Centre(s); 
"Hedge Position" means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts in securities, 
options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) 
other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) purchased, sold, entered into 
or maintained by the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of their Affiliates in order to 
hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the Notes. 
"Relevant Event Currency" means U.S. dollars or such other currency as may be 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Relevant Currency Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page" means the screen page specified as such in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms (or any successor screen page or information provider 
thereto as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Renminbi Currency Event" means any one of Renminbi Illiquidity, Renminbi 
Inconvertibility and Renminbi Non Transferability; 
"Renminbi Determination Date" means the day which is two Determination Business 
Days before the date of the relevant payment under the Notes; 
"Renminbi Illiquidity" means the occurrence of any event or circumstance whereby 
(i) the general Renminbi exchange market outside the PRC becomes illiquid 
(including, without limitation, the existence of any significant price distortion) as a 
result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its 
obligations under the Notes or (if applicable) any party to a Hedge Position would not 
be able to obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under such 
Hedge Position; or (ii) it becomes impossible or impractical for the Issuer (or, if 
applicable, would be impossible or impractical for any party to a Hedge Position) to 
obtain a firm quote of the exchange rate, in each case, as determined by the Issuer in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Renminbi Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event or existence of any 
condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or has 
the effect prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, the Issuer or (if

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
applicable) any party to a Hedge Position to convert any amount as may be required to 
be paid by any party on any payment date in respect of the Notes or (if applicable) any 
Hedge Position into Renminbi or any other currency, other than where such 
impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant 
party and/or any of its affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by 
any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Issue Date and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the relevant party and/or 
any of its Affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of that party and/or its 
Affiliates, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Renminbi Non Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it 
impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer or (if applicable) any party to a Hedge 
Position and/or any of its affiliates to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside the 
relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) or from an account inside the relevant 
Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) to an account outside such Renminbi Settlement 
Centre(s) (including where the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) is disrupted or 
suspended) or from an account outside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) to 
an account inside such Renminbi Settlement Centre(s), other than where such 
impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant 
party and/or any of its Affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by 
any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Issue Date and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the relevant party and/or 
any of its Affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant party and/or any 
of its Affiliates (as applicable), to comply with such law, rule or regulation); and 
"Spot Rate" means the spot CNH/Relevant Event Currency exchange rate for the 
purchase of the Relevant Event Currency with Renminbi in the over the counter 
Renminbi exchange market in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) for 
settlement in two Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent at or around the Relevant Currency Valuation Time on the Renminbi 
Determination Date by reference to the Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page. If such rate 
is not available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking into 
consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant, 
including pricing information obtained from the Renminbi non deliverable exchange 
market in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) or elsewhere and the 
CNH/Relevant Event Currency exchange rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange 
market. Where there is more than one Renminbi Settlement Centre and the rate 
determined as provided in this definition differs for any such Renminbi Settlement 
Centre, the Calculation Agent shall select the applicable rate to be the Spot Rate (and 
may, for the avoidance of doubt, select the lowest such rate). All notifications, 
opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this definition of 
Spot Rate by the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents and all 
holders of the Notes. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest for Credit Linked Notes 
If Annex 5 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes) applies in respect of the 
Notes and: 
(i) 
"Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as Not Applicable in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, each Note shall cease to bear interest from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding or, if the Credit Event 
Determination Date is an Interest Payment Date, coinciding with the Credit Event 
Determination Date or, if the Credit Event Determination Date falls on or prior to the 
first Interest Payment Date, no interest shall accrue on the Notes; or

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
(ii) 
"Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as being Applicable in the 
Applicable Transactions Terms, each Note shall cease to bear interest from the Credit 
Event Determination Date; and  
Provided further that, if Annex 5 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes) 
applies in respect of the Notes and; 
(A) 
Credit Linked Condition 5, Credit Linked Condition 6 or Credit Linked Condition 7 
applies, in respect of the Notes and, in the case of Credit linked Condition 5, a 
Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date or, in the case of Credit Linked Condition 6, a Failure to Pay has not 
occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date or, in the case of Credit Linked 
Condition 7, a Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-
off Date; and/or  
(B) 
Credit Linked Condition 8 applies in respect of the Notes and: 
I. 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is not satisfied; or 
II. 
a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred, 
in each case, on or prior to the Postponed Cut-Off Date, then the interest will accrue as 
provided in Credit Linked Condition 5, Credit Linked Condition 6, Credit Linked 
Condition 7 or Credit Linked Condition 8, as the case may be. 
(f) 
Call Option Interest Rate and Put Option Interest Rate 
(i) 
The provisions of this Condition 5(f) apply to any Notes in respect of which the Rate 
of Interest specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms is Call Option Interest Rate 
or Put Option Interest Rate (such Notes being "Call Option Rate Notes" and "Put 
Option Rate Notes" respectively). 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions (including with respect to 
accrual), there are no Interest Periods in respect of the Notes and each nominal amount 
of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount pays the Interest Amount (if any) on each 
Interest Payment Date and the Conditions (including, without limitation, Condition 5) 
will be construed accordingly. 
(iii) 
The Interest Amount (if any) in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount and an Interest Payment Date will be an amount in the Specified 
Currency (rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency with half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards) calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
In the event that the Notes are redeemed pursuant to Condition 6(b), Condition 6(e)(vi), 
Condition 6(f) or Condition 10, no Interest Amount or any other amount of accrued 
interest will be payable in respect of the Notes in respect of any relevant Interest 
Payment Date which has not occurred on or prior to the date fixed for such redemption, 
and if the date fixed for such redemption falls prior to the first Interest Payment Date, 
no Interest Amount will be payable in respect of the Notes. 
(v) 
In the event that on the due date for final redemption of any Note upon due presentation 
thereof, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, such 
Note will accrue interest (as well after as before judgment) in respect of each Note of 
a nominal amount equal to the Calculation Amount on each day during the period from 
(and including) the due date for redemption of such Note and ending on whichever is 
the earlier of (a) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (b) the day which is seven 
days after the Principal Paying Agent, the Iberclear Paying Agent or the Registrar (as 
the case may be) has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment), such interest to be calculated by applying to the

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
Calculation Amount an overnight deposit rate in respect of the Specified Currency and 
adjusting the resulting amount by a day count fraction, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, as appropriate, from such 
source(s) as it may select for such day. 
(g) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Application: This Condition 5(g) is applicable only if the Zero Coupon Notes provisions are 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as being applicable. Zero Coupon Notes are 
Notes issued on a non-interest bearing basis and are offered and sold at a discount (other than a 
de minimis discount) to its nominal amount or at par and to which Zero Coupon Notes 
provisions are expressed to be applicable. 
(h) 
Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as set out above on the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Notes from 
time to time and otherwise as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(i) 
Reference Rate Event 
(i) 
Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
(A) 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Conditions, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of a 
Reference Rate, then: 
(1) 
if ISDA Determination applies pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iv), the Calculation 
Agent determines that such Reference Rate Event constitutes a Reference 
Rate Cessation Event in respect of the Floating Rate Option for a Reference 
Rate and if one or more Priority Fallback(s) are specified in the definition of 
such Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, then subject as provided 
below such Priority Fallback(s) shall apply and the Calculation Agent shall, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, make such other adjustments to the 
Conditions (including, but not limited to, any Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest 
Amount, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period and Rate of Interest) as it 
determines necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of 
applying such Priority Fallback(s) and/or to preserve as nearly as practicable 
the economic equivalence of the Notes before and after the application of such 
Priority Fallback(s). Fallbacks in the ISDA Definitions (including where 
applicable any reference bank quotations or fallbacks set out in Supplement 
number 70 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions (Amendments to the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions to include new IBOR fallbacks)) will only be followed as 
provided for in this paragraph, if applicable, and subject as provided below; 
or 
(2) 
If (I) ISDA Determination does not apply pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iv) or 
such Reference Rate Event does not constitute a Reference Rate Cessation 
Event, or (II) such Reference Rate Event constitutes a Reference Rate 
Cessation Event, but (x) the specified Priority Fallback(s) fail to provide any 
appropriate means of determining the rate of interest, or (y) the Calculation 
Agent determines that the application of the Priority Fallback(s) and/or any 
such adjustments would not achieve a commercially reasonable result for 
either the Issuer or the Noteholders or that it would be impracticable to apply 
the Priority Fallback(s) and/or to make any adjustments to the Conditions, or 
(z) no Priority Fallback(s) are specified in the definition of such Floating Rate 
Option in the ISDA Definitions, then the Calculation Agent shall, subject as 
provided below, seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of 
such Reference Rate. If the Calculation Agent identifies a Replacement

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
Reference Rate in respect of such Reference Rate prior to the Cut-off Date it 
shall: 
(x) 
seek to determine the related Adjustment Spread; and 
(y) 
determine the amendments (if any) to the Conditions of the Notes which it 
considers are necessary and/or appropriate in order to replace such Reference 
Rate with the relevant Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the 
Adjustment Spread) (the "Replacement Reference Rate Amendments"). 
Following the determination by the Calculation Agent of the Replacement Reference 
Rate and the related adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of such 
determination and the Conditions of the Notes shall be amended as of the Cut-off Date. 
Prior to the Cut-off Date, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of the relevant Reference Rate Event and the 
action to be taken in relation thereto.  
(B) 
If the relevant Reference Rate Event is a Benchmark Modification, as an 
alternative to Condition 5(i)(i)(A) above, the Calculation Agent may instead 
prior to the Cut-off Date:  
(1) 
determine that no Replacement Reference Rate or other amendments to the 
Conditions of the Notes are required as a result of such Benchmark 
Modification; or  
(2) 
determine the adjustment(s) to the Conditions of the Notes as are necessary 
or appropriate to account for the effect of such material change and the 
effective date of any such adjustment(s).  
Following any such determination, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of the 
action, if any, to be taken in relation thereto and, where adjustment(s) are required to 
be made to the Conditions of the Notes pursuant to Condition 5(i)(i)(B)(2) above, the 
Conditions shall be amended as of the relevant effective date and the Issuer shall notify 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of the 
relevant Benchmark Modification and the action to be taken in relation thereto. No 
notice to Noteholders is required where Condition 5(i)(i)(B)(1) above applies. 
(ii) 
Early Redemption 
If:  
with respect to any Reference Rate Event, the Calculation Agent determines that it is 
not possible or commercially reasonable to identify a Replacement Reference Rate 
and/or determine any Adjustment Spread or the related Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments prior to the Cut-off Date in accordance with Condition 5(i)(i)(A); or 
(A) 
with respect to a Benchmark Modification, the Calculation Agent determines 
that Condition 5(i)(i)(B) above applies, but that it is not possible or 
commercially reasonable to make any amendments to the Conditions of the 
Notes which it determines are required following the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Modification prior to the Cut-off Date in accordance with such 
Condition 5(i)(i)(B) above; 
(B) 
it (i) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or 
regulation or (ii) would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, for 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to perform the actions prescribed in these 
Conditions (or it would be unlawful or would contravene those licensing 
requirements were a determination to be made at such time);  
(C) 
the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Spread is or would be a 
benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, 
methodology or governance would subject the Issuer or the Calculation Agent

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
to material additional regulatory obligations (such as the obligations for 
administrators under BMR); or  
(D) 
the Calculation Agent determines that having identified a Replacement 
Reference Rate and determined an Adjustment Spread on or before the Cut-
off Date in accordance with these Conditions, the adjustments provided for 
would not achieve a commercially reasonable result for either the Issuer or 
the Noteholders,  
the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable after the relevant determination and the 
Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes on a day selected by the Issuer, 
each Note being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount, together with, if so 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, accrued interest. 
(iii) 
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to the Cut-off Date, the relevant 
Reference Rate is required for any determination in respect of the Notes: 
(A) 
if (1) in relation to a Reference Rate Cessation Event, the Reference Rate 
Cessation Event Date has not yet occurred, or (2) in relation to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date 
has not yet occurred, the level of such Reference Rate shall be determined 
pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of such Reference 
Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(B) 
otherwise, the level of such Reference Rate shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion by reference to either (i) the rate published 
in respect of such Reference Rate at the time such Reference Rate is ordinarily 
determined on the day immediately prior to (1) the Reference Rate Cessation 
Event Date or (2) the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date, as applicable or, 
if no rate is published at the time or that rate cannot be used in accordance 
with applicable law or regulation, by reference to the rate published at that 
time on the last day on which the rate was published or can be used in 
accordance with applicable law or regulation, as applicable or (ii) such other 
rate that is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, recognised or 
acknowledged as being an industry standard (or otherwise customarily widely 
adopted) replacement rate or, if the Calculation Agent determines there is no 
such replacement rate, such other interest rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially 
reasonable alternative for such Reference Rate and the Issuer shall give notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as 
reasonably practicable of the action to be taken in relation thereto. 
(iv) 
Determinations 
Any adjustment to the Conditions of the Notes (including the determination of any 
adjustment spread or factor, however defined) which the Calculation Agent determines 
is necessary or appropriate pursuant to the above provisions of this Condition 5(i) 
(Reference Rate Event): 
(A) 
shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market) and Relevant Market Data; 
(B) 
may include, where applicable and without limitation, (1) technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including without limitation, changes 
to determination dates, timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments, rounding of amounts or tenors, the introduction of any time delay 
or lag between the calculation or observation period of a rate and the related 
payment dates and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
determines are appropriate, (2) the application of any adjustment factor or 
adjustment spread (whether or not expressly referenced in the relevant 
provision and which may be positive or negative) and (3) adjustments to 
reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of providing exposure to the 
replacement or successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s); and 
(C) 
may be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more 
effective dates and may (but does not have to) involve the selection of a 
successor or replacement rate which is determined on a backwards-looking 
compounding basis by reference to a "risk-free rate". 
For the avoidance of doubt, (I) the Calculation Agent is not obliged to make any 
determination in relation to any Reference Rate Event if the relevant Cut-off Date 
would fall after the earlier of (x) the date the relevant Reference Rate is no longer used 
to determine any amount payable under the Notes and (y) the Maturity Date of the 
Notes and (II) the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent may make all determinations 
and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect of the Notes as are provided for in 
connection with a Reference Rate Event, notwithstanding that such Reference Rate 
Event may have occurred before the Issue Date of the Notes. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note will be 
redeemed (i) at its Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, or (ii) if Physical Settlement 
is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms (each such Note a "Physical 
Delivery Note"), by delivery of the Entitlement (as provided in Condition 7) on the Delivery 
Date, or (iii) if it is a Credit Linked Note and is to be settled pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 
3 ("Physical Settlement"), by delivery of the Asset Amount, subject to the terms of the Credit 
Linked Conditions. 
(b) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date or, if so specified thereon, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), (subject as provided below, together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption), if (i) the Issuer (or, if the Guarantee were called, the Guarantor) has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Ireland or Spain or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, and (ii) such obligations cannot be avoided by the 
Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it, provided 
that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes (or either Guarantee, as the case may be) were 
then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of Book-Entry Notes) the 
Iberclear Paying Agent, a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be) stating that the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to 
the right of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) so to redeem have occurred, and 
an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer (or 
the Guarantor, as the case maybe) has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment. 
(c) 
Redemption or adjustment for a General Administrator/Benchmark Event

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
In the event that a General Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer may (at its 
option): 
(i) 
instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to the Conditions of the Notes 
as it may determine appropriate to account for the relevant event or circumstance and, 
without limitation, such adjustments may (a) consist of one or more amendments 
and/or be made on one or more dates (b) be determined by reference to any 
adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or circumstance made in relation to any 
hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes and (c) include selecting a successor 
benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the Conditions of the Notes including, 
where applicable, adding an adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative) or 
any adjustment to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing exposure to the 
replacement or successor benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one successor 
benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as between the successor 
benchmarks; or 
(ii) 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount. 
Prior to the effective date of any adjustment or any date of early redemption, the Issuer shall 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of 
the relevant General Administrator/Benchmark Event and the action to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
For the avoidance of doubt, other than as provided in Condition 5(i), the above is additional, 
and without prejudice, to any other terms of the Notes. In the event that under any such terms 
any other consequences could apply in relation to an event or occurrence the subject of a General 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall determine which terms shall apply in its sole 
and absolute discretion. 
(d) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and any of the Guarantor's Subsidiaries may at any time purchase 
Notes (provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
appertaining thereto are attached or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at 
any price. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Options 
(i) 
Subject to paragraph (v) below, if so provided hereon, the Issuer may (other than with 
respect to Call Option Rate Notes) on giving irrevocable notice to the Noteholders of, 
unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, not less than 30 days 
nor more than 60 days, redeem, or exercise any Issuer's option in relation to, all or, if 
so provided, some of the Notes in the principal amount or integral multiples thereof 
and on the date or dates so provided. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) together with interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption. 
(ii) 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's 
option shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this 
Condition. 
(iii) 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect 
of Notes, other than Book-Entry Notes, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the 
serial numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place 
as the Principal Paying Agent may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system requirements. 
(iv) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Book-Entry Notes, the Redeemed Notes will be 
selected in accordance with the rules of Iberclear.

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
(v) 
Notes (other than Book-Entry Notes) to be redeemed shall have been drawn in such 
place as the Principal Paying Agent may approve in such manner as it deems 
appropriate, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements. 
(vi) 
Subject to paragraph (v) above, the Issuer may in respect of any Call Option Rate Notes 
on giving irrevocable notice to the Noteholders of not less than the Minimum Early 
Redemption Notice Period, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) (an 
"Issuer Call"). Any such redemption of Notes will be at the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) together with interest accrued and payable on such Optional 
Redemption Date (Call). 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and holders' Exercise of Noteholder's Options 
(i) 
Subject to paragraph (ii) below, the Issuer shall, other than in the case of Put Option 
Rate Notes, at the option of the holder of any such Note, redeem such Note on the date 
or dates so provided at its Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(ii) 
To exercise such option or any other option of a holder of Bearer Notes or Registered 
Notes which may be set out hereon the holder must deposit such Note with any Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Certificate representing such Note(s) with 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) at its specified 
office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice ("Exercise Notice") in 
the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as 
applicable) not less than 30 and not more than 60 days (or, in the case of Put Option 
Notes, not less than the Minimum Early Redemption Notice Period) prior to the 
relevant date fixed for redemption. No Note or Certificate so deposited and option 
exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without 
the prior consent of the Issuer.  
(iii) 
In the case of Book-Entry Notes held through Iberclear, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of such Book-Entry Note, the holder of such Book-Entry Note must, within 
the notice period specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, give notice to the 
Iberclear Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Iberclear (which may include notice being given on the instruction of such holder by 
Iberclear, or any Iberclear Member to the Iberclear Paying Agent by electronic means) 
in a form acceptable to Iberclear from time to time. 
(iv) 
In the case of Put Option Rate Notes, subject to paragraph (ii), the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the holder of any such Note (a "Noteholder Put"), redeem such Note on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the Exercise Notice at its 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
(g) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6, each 
Note which provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts will be partially redeemed 
on each Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount specified on it, whereupon the outstanding 
principal amount of such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount for all purposes. 
(h) 
Partly Paid Notes 
Where the Applicable Transaction Terms specify that the Notes are Partly Paid Notes, the issue 
price in respect thereof will be payable in instalments (each a "Part Payment Amount") on the 
dates specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms (each a "Part Payment Date").  
The Issuer will notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 not less than the number 
of days specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms prior to the relevant Part Payment Date 
of their obligation to pay the relevant Part Payment Amount in respect of each Note equal to the

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
Calculation Amount and shall specify the account of the Issuer to which the relevant Part 
Payment Amount shall be made. The relevant Part Payment Amount shall be paid by the 
Noteholders in immediately available funds to the account specified by the Issuer in the notice, 
for value on the Part Payment Date. Upon payment of the relevant Part Payment Amount in 
respect of all the Notes, the Outstanding Principal Amount in respect of each Calculation 
Amount shall increase as of the relevant Part Payment Date, as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
In the event that a Part Payment Amount is not paid by any Noteholder on the relevant Part 
Payment Date (the "Part Payment Default Date"), the Issuer shall as soon as practicable 
thereafter notify the Principal Paying Agent, the Iberclear Paying Agent or the Registrar, as 
applicable, of such non-payment and the Issuer shall, having given not less than 5 Business 
Days' (or such other notice period as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all the Notes by payment of the Early 
Redemption Amount on the Part Payment Early Redemption Date specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Notes become redeemable on the Part 
Payment Early Redemption Date, no interest will be payable by the Issuer in respect of the 
period from (and including) the Part Payment Default Date to (and including) the Part Payment 
Early Redemption Date and the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes shall be discharged 
upon payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount. 
Repayment by the Issuer of Part Payment Amounts: 
(i) 
If the Part Payment Amount in respect of any Note is not paid on the relevant Part 
Payment Date; and/or 
(ii) 
if any Part Payment Amount is paid after the relevant Part Payment Date in respect of 
any Notes,  
the Part Payment Amounts for the relevant Part Payment Date in respect of all the Notes shall 
be deemed not to have been paid and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Outstanding Principal 
Amount shall not include such amounts, the Issuer shall not accept the Part Payment Amount(s) 
paid in respect of any of the other Notes outstanding and shall repay any such amounts paid or 
paid late to the relevant Noteholders as soon as practicable to the account used by the relevant 
Noteholder to pay the relevant Part Payment Amount. In such case, no interest will be payable 
by the Issuer in respect of the period from (and including) the relevant Part Payment Date to 
(and including) the date on which such amount is repaid by the Issuer and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any such repaid amounts shall not constitute part of the Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of the relevant Notes. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor's 
subsidiaries may be surrendered for cancellation, (i) in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering 
each such Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons 
to the Principal Paying Agent, (ii) in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the 
Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and (iii) in the case of Book-Entry Notes, 
by virtue of debiting, in the account of the relevant registry where the Book-Entry Notes are 
registered, each such Book-Entry Note against the credit of all relevant payments in relation to 
the relevant Note and, in each case, if so surrendered or debited, will, together with all Notes 
redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so 
surrendered for cancellation or so debited may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(j) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 6(a), 6(b), 6(e) or 6(f) above or upon it becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 10, is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount calculated

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
as provided in Condition 1 above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were 
replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
(k) 
Specific Basis Buy-Back Provisions 
(i) 
Buy-Back 
If the Specific Basis Buy-Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, upon the Holder of any Note giving to the Issuer the requisite 
period of notice, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms in accordance with 
and subject to the provisions set out below (which notice shall be irrevocable) to buy-
back such Note before its scheduled Maturity Date, the Issuer may, at its sole option, 
upon the expiry of such notice, buy-back such Note by paying the Buy-Back Price 
(which may be less than par) that is linked to the Market Value of the Underlying 
Transactions as described below, together, if appropriate, with any accrued but unpaid 
interest to (but excluding) the date of such buy-back. The Issuer has the right, at its 
sole option, to reject the buy-back request and, in particular, if the Issuer does not reply 
to the notice, the Issuer shall be deemed to have rejected the buy-back request. The 
Issuer also has the sole option as to whether to maintain any Underlying Transactions 
from time to time and no assurance is given that it will maintain any Underlying 
Transactions during the life of the Notes. If no Underlying Transactions are maintained 
by the Issuer at any time the Issuer will not in any event elect to buy back Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 6(k). The Issuer may, however, at its sole option purchase 
Notes at any time pursuant to Condition 6(d) (Redemption, Purchase and Options - 
Purchases) above and in this case the purchase price may be significantly different 
from what the Buy-Back Price would have been. 
The value of such Notes prior to the Maturity Date shall reflect and shall be calculated 
on the basis of but will not necessarily be the same as the Market Value of the 
Underlying Transactions if any at the relevant time and, in the event that a Holder 
requests that the Issuer buy-back any such Notes held by it prior to the Maturity Date, 
and the Issuer accepts such request, the Buy-Back Price will be determined taking into 
consideration the Market Value of such Underlying Transactions.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6(k), where the Issuer maintains 
Underlying Transactions at any relevant time such Underlying Transactions will be 
notional reference transactions and the Issuer will be under no obligation to maintain 
actual transactions corresponding to the Underlying Transactions. All references to the 
Issuer maintaining Underlying Transactions will be interpreted accordingly.  
(ii) 
Extra-Yield 
The Issuer shall pay higher amounts of interest than otherwise (the "Extra-Yield") in 
respect of such Notes.  More information on the calculation of the interest basis in 
respect of the Notes (unbundling) shall be published by the Issuer from time to time 
together with information relating to the Underlying Transactions as described below. 
(iii) 
Notice from the Holders 
In order to notify the Issuer, the relevant Holder must give such notice in writing by 
hand, mail or e-mail in accordance with the relevant contact details specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, or in relation to Exempt Notes, in such other 
manner as is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Each Holder must also

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
provide evidence satisfactory to the Issuer of its holding of the relevant Notes which 
may be in the form of certification from a relevant clearing system or such requirement 
may be satisfied by delivery of the Note(s) held by such Holder together with the 
relevant notice, or such other appropriate manner determined by the Issuer. 
Any such notice shall be effective when received by the Issuer and, if received after 
close of business in the place of receipt or on a day that is not a Business Day, such 
notice shall be deemed to be effective on the next following Business Day.  
(iv) 
Definitions 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(k): 
"Buy-Back Price" means the buy-back price of the Notes as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner taking into consideration the 
Market Value of the Underlying Transactions. On this basis the Buy-Back Price will 
not necessarily be the same as the Market Value or a Note’s pro rata share of the Market 
Value. 
"Market Value" means the close-out amount of the Underlying Transactions, 
including the relevant bid/ask prices and for any type of hedging and/or funding 
arrangement and/or interest rate swap, as determined by the Calculation Agent in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Underlying Transaction" means any type of hedging and/or funding arrangement 
and/or interest rate swap and/or any of the following funded or unfunded arbitrage-like 
financial transactions: 
(i) 
Cash-CDS Arbitrage; 
(ii) 
Index-Components Arbitrage; and/or 
(iii) 
General Funded Arbitrage. 
The Underlying Transactions will be selected from time to time by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and may be subject to change during the term of the 
Notes. In particular there is no requirement for the Issuer to maintain any Underlying 
Transactions at any time during the life of the Notes and Underlying Transactions, if 
any, will be notional and not actual transactions as described in Condition 6(k)(i) 
above. Information relating to the Underlying Transactions, if any, shall be published 
from time to time by the Issuer in the manner specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms and where the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or market, in accordance 
with the rules of the applicable stock exchange or market from time to time. Where no 
Underlying Transactions are maintained at any relevant time then the Issuer will 
specify this in the information it publishes as described above. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Cash-CDS Arbitrage" means: 
Long (Short): Cash Instrument + Short (Long): Replicating CDS 
Where: 
"Long (Short): Cash Instrument" means a long or short position in any debt 
obligation or basket of debt obligations, in security or loan form, with 
maturity(ies)/term(s) which end on or after the Maturity Date of the Notes and/or 
notional amount(s) that may be equal to or higher than the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes; 
"Short (Long): Replicating CDS" means a short position (where a long position in 
the Cash Instrument is taken) or a long position (where a short position in the Cash

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
Instrument is taken) in a credit default swap transaction having similar terms and 
notional amounts as the Cash Instrument and having as a "reference entity" (i) the 
issuer or guarantor of the Cash Instrument, or (ii) in the case of Cash Instruments that 
are asset-backed obligations any issuer of any relevant assets referenced by such Cash 
Instruments, or (iii) in the case of Cash Instruments that are credit linked obligations, 
the reference entity referenced by the relevant Cash Instrument, or (iv) any other entity, 
the credit risk in respect of which is embedded in or referenced by such Cash 
Instrument. 
"Index-Components Arbitrage" means: 
Long (Short): Credit Index CDS + Short (Long): CDS Components 
where: 
"Long (Short): Credit Index CDS" means a long or short position in any credit 
default swap transaction referencing any series of any credit default swap index 
published by IHS Markit Ltd. (or any successor entity or affiliate thereof), and any 
successor and/or replacement index (each a "Credit Index"), including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Markit iTraxx and Markit CDX indices, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, and with term(s) which end on or 
after the Maturity Date of the Notes and/or notional amount(s) that may be equal to or 
higher than the aggregate principal amount of the Notes. 
"Short (Long): CDS Components" means a short position (where a long position in 
the Credit Index CDS is taken) or a long position (where a short position in the Credit 
Index CDS is taken) in a basket of single-name credit default swap transactions each 
referencing one of the "reference entities" contained in the relevant Credit Index 
referenced by the corresponding Credit Index CDS and which, in the aggregate, have 
similar terms, notional amounts and interest payments as the Credit Index CDS. 
"General Funded Arbitrage" means: 
Long (Short): General Assets/Instruments + Short (Long): Replicating 
Derivatives 
where: 
"Long (Short): General Assets/Instruments" means a long or short position in any 
asset or instrument (including funds or obligations, including those which are asset-
backed) linked to, inter alia, credit, rates, equities, commodities or currencies, with a 
term (or equivalent) which ends on or after the Maturity Date of the Notes and/or a 
notional amount (or equivalent) that may be equal to or higher than the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes. 
"Short (Long): Replicating Derivatives" means a short position (where a long 
position in the General Assets/Instruments is taken) or a long position (where a short 
position in the General Assets/Instruments is taken) in any derivative transaction 
having similar terms and notional amounts as the General Assets/Instruments, and 
referencing the relevant General Assets/Instruments, or any of the assets underlying or 
linked to the relevant General Assets/Instruments.  
Examples of General Funded Arbitrage would include, but not be limited to:  
(i) 
a commodity certificate and a future (a "cash and carry arbitrage"); or 
(ii) 
a convertible bond and a credit default swap transaction plus an equity option 
(a "convertible arbitrage"). 
7. 
Payments, Talons and Physical Delivery 
(a) 
Bearer Notes

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 - 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes will, subject as mentioned below, 
be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of 
Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipts 
are presented for payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in the case of all other 
payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(g)(vi) (Unmatured 
Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 7(g)(ii) (Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons)), 
as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre 
of that currency; in the case of Euro, by transfer to, a Euro account to which Euro may be 
credited or transferred as specified by the payee; and in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to an 
account denominated in Renminbi and maintained by the payee with a bank in the relevant 
Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations and 
guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable laws and regulations with respect 
to settlement in Renminbi in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s)). 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 7(b) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts but no other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Notes 
will be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the 
specified office of any of the Principal Paying Agent, the Transfer Agents or the 
Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 7(b) shall include all Instalment 
Amounts other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Notes will be paid to the 
person shown on the Register at the close of business on (a) in the case of payments of 
interest, the fifteenth day (in the case of a currency other than Renminbi) or the fifth 
day (in the case of Renminbi) (whether or not such fifth day or fifteenth day is a 
business day) or (b) in the case of payments of principal as set out in Condition 7(b)(i) 
above, the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open 
for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the 
relevant due date for payment (the "Record Date"). Payments of interest on each 
Registered Note will be made in the currency in which such payments are due by 
cheque drawn on a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of the currency 
concerned or, if the currency is euro, in such financial centre or centres in the eurozone 
as designated by the Registrar, or if the currency is Renminbi, in the relevant Renminbi 
Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations and 
guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable laws and regulations with 
respect to settlement in Renminbi in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s)), and 
mailed to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address 
appearing in the Register maintained by the Registrar. Upon application by the holder 
to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date 
and subject as provided above, such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an 
account in the Relevant Currency designated by the holder with a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of that currency or, if the currency is euro, in such 
financial centre in the eurozone notified to the Registrar by such holder or, if the 
currency is Renminbi, into an account denominated in Renminbi and maintained by 
the payee with a bank in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) in accordance 
with applicable laws, rules and regulations and guidelines issued from time to time 
(including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to settlement in Renminbi 
in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s)). In the case of Notes admitted to trading 
on SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX, the Record Date will be fixed in accordance with 
the rules of Borsa Italiana and any relevant guidelines and will be specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments 
in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City 
in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 - 
specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying 
Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts, and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in 
the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Book-Entry Notes 
Payments in respect of the Book-Entry Notes (in terms of both principal and interest) will be 
made by transfer to the registered account of the relevant Noteholder maintained by or on behalf 
of it with a bank that processes payments in the currency in which the payment is due, details 
of which appear in the records of Iberclear or the relevant Iberclear Member, as the case may 
be, at the close of business on the Business Day on which the payment of principal and/or 
interest, as the case may be, falls due. Noteholders must rely on the procedures of Iberclear, or 
the relevant Iberclear Member, as the case may be, to receive payments under the relevant Book-
Entry Notes. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer 
Agents and the Calculation Agent will have any responsibility or liability for the records relating 
to payments made in respect of the Book-Entry Notes. No commissions or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Payments Subject to Laws, Regulations and Directives 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives (including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to settlement of Renminbi 
in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s)), but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8 (Taxation), (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto (any such withholding or deduction "FATCA 
Withholdings"), and (iii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of 
the Code (any such withholding or deduction, "871(m) Withholding"). In addition, in 
determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to any amounts to be paid 
on the Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend equivalent" (as defined 
for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments 
regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under 
applicable law. Payments on the Notes that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes 
U.S. securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are 
reinvested at a rate of 70%. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder 
will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any dividend 
equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. 
securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 
871(m) amount deemed withheld. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(f) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Principal Paying Agent, the Iberclear Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, 
Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective 
specified offices are listed below. The Principal Paying Agent, the Iberclear Paying Agent, the 
Paying Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with any holder. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Principal Paying Agent, the Iberclear Paying Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent and to appoint 
additional or other agents provided that the Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Principal 
Paying Agent, (ii) an Iberclear Paying Agent in relation to Book-Entry Notes, (iii) a Registrar 
in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (v) a 
Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require one, (vi) Paying Agents in relation to Notes 
other than Book-Entry Notes having a specified office in at least one major European city, other

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer or the Guarantor is incorporated, and (vi) if, and for so 
long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system, such other agents as are required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York in respect of any 
Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
In relation to Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX, the Calculation 
Agent in exercising its discretion under the relevant Terms and Conditions, shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Notwithstanding any other provision of the 
Conditions, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment that it determines appropriate to 
any terms of such Notes, in accordance with the relevant Conditions, to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, save as otherwise specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due 
date for redemption of those Notes, Bearer Notes should be presented for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) 
will be deducted from the Redemption Amount due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of ten years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9 
(Prescription)). 
(ii) 
If the relevant Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note which is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or 
after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Bearer Note which provides that the relative Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without 
all unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any 
Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, 
redemption shall be made only against the provisions of such indemnity as the Issuer 
may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing 
it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note which only bears interest after its 
Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the 
relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be.

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
(h) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon Sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon Sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon Sheet) (but excluding any 
Coupons which may have become void pursuant to Condition 9 (Prescription)). 
(i) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Relevant Business 
Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Relevant Business Day 
nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment.   
(j) 
Physical Delivery 
(i) 
Physical Delivery 
This Condition 7(j) does not apply to Credit Linked Notes. 
(A) 
Asset Transfer Notices 
In order to obtain delivery of the Entitlement in respect of any Physical 
Delivery Note, the relevant Noteholder must: 
(1) 
If such Note a Note other than a Book-Entry Note, deliver (I) if such 
Note is a Bearer Note, to any Paying Agent or (II) if such Note is a 
Registered Note, to the Registrar or any Paying Agent, in each case, 
with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of (I) or 
(II) above, with a copy to any entity appointed by the Issuer to 
deliver the Entitlement on its behalf (the "Delivery Agent") no later 
than the close of business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off 
Date, a duly completed asset transfer notice substantially in the form 
described in the Agency Agreement (the "Asset Transfer Notice"), 
or 
(2) 
If such Note is a Book-Entry Note: 
I. 
where the Entitlement is also a security (or securities) 
included in Iberclear's book-entry register, then the 
Iberclear Paying Agent must receive instructions from each 
Iberclear Member holding Book-Entry Notes on the Cut-
off Date. Such instructions shall include complete 
settlement instructions, incorporating relevant information 
in respect of the Noteholders holding Book-Entry Notes 
through each Iberclear Member and an undertaking to pay 
all Expenses and such instructions shall include (or be 
accompanied by) certification as to non U.S. beneficial 
ownership. Each Iberclear Member holding Book-Entry 
Notes must block such Book-Entry Notes in the relevant 
account from and including the Cut-off Date; and 
II. 
where the Entitlement comprises an instrument (or 
instruments) not included in Iberclear's book-entry register, 
each Iberclear Member holding Book-Entry Notes on the 
Cut-off Date must send timely and full settlement 
instructions to the Iberclear Paying Agent with a copy to 
any Delivery Agent acting on the Issuer's behalf sufficient 
to allow the Issuer, or, where applicable, the Delivery 
Agent, to make delivery of the Entitlement in the relevant 
clearing system (where relevant) or otherwise on the 
Delivery Date in accordance with the provisions of this

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 - 
Condition 7(j) and such instructions shall include (or be 
accompanied by) certification as to non U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the settlement instructions 
contemplated by this sub-paragraph (2) apply, this replaces the 
requirement to deliver an Asset Transfer Notice in accordance with 
the provisions below. All instructions for settlement to be delivered 
in accordance with this subparagraph (2) will be referred to as the 
"Iberclear Settlement Instruction". 
For the purposes hereof, "Cut-off Date" means the date specified as such in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms or if not so specified, the fifth Business 
Day immediately preceding the Delivery Date. 
A form of Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business 
hours from the specified office of the Registrar or any Paying Agent. 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered if such Note is in definitive 
form, in writing. 
If a Note is in definitive form, it must be delivered together with the duly 
completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(1) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of the 
relevant Noteholder and the person from whom the Issuer or 
Delivery Agent may obtain details for the delivery of the 
Entitlement; 
(2) 
specify the series number of the Notes and the number of Notes 
which are the subject of such notice; 
(3) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses (as defined below); 
(4) 
include such details as are required for delivery of the Entitlement 
which may include account details and/or the name and address of 
any person(s) into whose name evidence of the Entitlement is to be 
registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom documents 
evidencing the Entitlement are to be delivered and specify the name 
and number of the Noteholder's account to be credited with any cash 
payable by the Issuer or any dividends relating to the Entitlement or 
as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event or a 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer electing to pay the 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount or Failure to Deliver 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, or as a result of the Issuer 
electing to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount (each as 
defined below); 
(5) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Note is not a U.S. person (as 
defined in the Asset Transfer Notice), the Note is not being 
redeemed within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. person and 
no cash, securities or other property have been or will be delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. 
person in connection with any redemption thereof; and 
(6) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 - 
Copies of such Asset Transfer Notices may be obtained from the Registrar or 
any Paying Agent. 
(B) 
Determinations and Delivery 
Any determination as to whether an Asset Transfer Notice or the Iberclear 
Settlement Instruction, as the case may be, is duly completed and in proper 
form shall be made by the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, in each case, in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent (in the 
case of Notes other than Book-Entry Notes), and shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Paying Agent(s), any 
Delivery Agent and the relevant Noteholder. Subject as set out below, any 
Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction, as the case may be, 
so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or which is not copied 
to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than Book-Entry 
Notes) and/or any Delivery Agent (as applicable) immediately after being 
delivered or sent as provided in paragraph (A) above, shall be null and void. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of 
the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, in each case, 
in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent (as applicable), it shall be 
deemed to be a new Asset Transfer Notice submitted at the time such 
correction was delivered as provided above. 
If such Iberclear Settlement Instruction is subsequently corrected to the 
satisfaction of the Iberclear Paying Agent it shall be deemed to be a new 
Iberclear Settlement Instruction submitted at the time such correction was 
delivered as provided above. 
The relevant Delivery Agent, Registrar or Paying Agent, as applicable, shall 
use its reasonable efforts as soon as reasonably practicable to notify the 
Noteholder submitting an Asset Transfer Notice or, in respect of Book-Entry 
Notes, the Iberclear Member submitting the Iberclear Settlement Instruction, 
if, in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other 
than Book-Entry Notes), it has determined that such Asset Transfer Notice or 
Iberclear Settlement Instruction (as applicable) is incomplete or not in proper 
form. In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Delivery Agent, the Paying Agents or the 
Registrar shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or 
omitted to be taken by it in connection with such determination or the 
notification of such determination to a Noteholder. 
No Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction may be 
withdrawn after receipt thereof by the Delivery Agent, the Registrar or a 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, as provided above. After delivery of an 
Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction, the relevant 
Noteholder may not transfer the Notes which are the subject of such notice. 
The Entitlement will be delivered on the date fixed for redemption (such date, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with this Condition 7(j), the "Delivery 
Date"), at the risk of the relevant Noteholder in the manner provided below 
and provided that the Asset Transfer Notice or (in the case of Book-Entry 
Notes) the Iberclear Settlement Instruction, is duly delivered as provided 
above not later than the close of business in each place of reception on the 
Cut-Off Date. 
If a Noteholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice or (in the case of Book-
Entry Notes) an Iberclear Settlement Instruction, as provided herein with a 
copy to each relevant party prior to the close of business in each place of 
reception on the Cut-Off Date, then the Entitlement will be delivered as soon 
as practicable after the Delivery Date at the risk of such Noteholder in the

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 - 
manner set out below, provided that, if in respect of a Note, an Asset Transfer 
Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction (as applicable) is not delivered to 
each relevant party, prior to the close of business in each place of reception 
on the 90th calendar day following the Cut-off Date then (a) if "Assessed 
Value Payment Amount" is specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable 
following such date determine the Assessed Value Payment Amount (as 
defined below) and in respect of such Note shall pay the Assessed Value 
Payment Amount to the relevant Noteholder in lieu of delivery of the 
Entitlement as soon as reasonably practicable following determination of the 
Assessed Value Payment Amount, or (b) if "Assessed Value Payment 
Amount" is not specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
the Issuer's obligations in respect of such Note and the Guarantor's obligations 
pursuant to the Guarantee in respect of such Note shall be discharged and no 
further liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor, 
as applicable. Upon payment of the Assessed Value Payment Amount, if 
applicable, the Issuer's and the Guarantor's obligations in respect of such Note 
shall be discharged. For the avoidance of doubt, in the circumstances 
described above, such Noteholder shall not be entitled to any payment, 
whether of interest or otherwise, as a result of a failure to give an Asset 
Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction (as applicable) in relation 
to a Delivery Date and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer 
or the Guarantor as applicable. 
The Issuer (or any Delivery Agent on its behalf) shall, at the risk of the 
relevant Noteholder, deliver (or procure the delivery) of the Entitlement for 
each Note, in such commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent 
shall in its sole discretion determine and notify to the person designated by 
the Noteholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement 
Instruction (as applicable) or in such manner as is specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. All costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses including stamp 
duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes ("Expenses") 
arising from the delivery of the Entitlement, in respect of such Notes shall be 
for the account of the relevant Noteholder and no delivery of the Entitlement 
shall be made until all Expenses have been paid by the relevant Noteholder to 
the satisfaction of the Issuer. 
(C) 
General 
Notes held by the same Noteholder will be aggregated for the purpose of 
determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Notes, provided 
that, the aggregate Entitlements in respect of the same Noteholder will be 
rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the 
Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine. Fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant 
Assets, as the case may be, will not be delivered and in lieu thereof a cash 
adjustment calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion shall be paid to the Noteholder. 
Following the Delivery Date in respect of a share forming part of the 
Entitlement, all dividends on the relevant shares to be delivered will be 
payable to the relevant party according to market practice assuming a sale of 
the shares has been executed on the Delivery Date. Any such dividends to be 
paid to a Noteholder will be paid to the account specified by the Noteholder 
in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice as referred to in Condition 7(j)(i)(A). 
For such period of time after delivery of the Entitlement until the Delivery 
Date (the "Intervening Period"), none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable), the Paying Agents, the Registrar, any Delivery Agent or any other 
person shall at any time (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure 
delivery to any Noteholder any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 - 
document or, except as provided herein, payment whatsoever received by that 
person in respect of such securities, obligations or Deliverable Obligations, 
(ii) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights 
attaching to such securities or obligations or (iii) be under any liability to a 
Noteholder in respect of any loss or damage which such Noteholder may 
sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of that person being 
registered during such Intervening Period as legal owner of such securities or 
obligations. 
(D) 
Settlement Disruption 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Entitlement using 
the method of delivery specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or such 
commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent has determined is 
not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event (as defined below) 
having occurred and continuing on the Delivery Date, then the Delivery Date 
shall be postponed to the first following Settlement Business Day in respect 
of which there is no such Settlement Disruption Event, provided that, the 
Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the 
relevant Note by delivering the Entitlement using such other commercially 
reasonable manner as it may select and in such event the Delivery Date shall 
be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate in connection with delivery of 
the Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner. For the 
avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not 
all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, the Delivery Date for 
the Relevant Assets not affected by the Settlement Disruption Event will be 
the originally designated Delivery Date. For so long as delivery of the 
Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, 
then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any other provision 
hereof the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in 
respect of the relevant Note by payment to the relevant Noteholder of the 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount (as defined below) on the fifth 
Business Day following the date that notice of such election is given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). Payment of the 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). The 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) that a Settlement Disruption Event 
has occurred. No Noteholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the 
relevant Note in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due 
to the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect 
thereof shall attach to the Issuer. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Disruption Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any relevant 
Note, the fair market value of such Note (taking into account, where the 
Settlement Disruption Event affected some but not all of the Relevant Assets 
comprising the Entitlement and such non-affected Relevant Assets have been 
duly delivered as provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets) less 
(except for Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX) the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion; 
"Settlement Business Day" has the meaning specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms; and 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, an event beyond the control of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be, as a result of which the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be,

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 - 
cannot make delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) using the method specified in 
the Conditions and/or the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(E) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
If "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as applying in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms and, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
it is impossible or impracticable to deliver, when due, some or all of the 
Relevant Assets (the "Affected Relevant Assets") comprising the 
Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market 
for the Relevant Assets (a "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity"), then: 
(1) 
subject as provided elsewhere in the Conditions, any Relevant 
Assets which are not Affected Relevant Assets, will be delivered on 
the originally designated date of redemption in accordance with this 
Condition 7(j); and 
(2) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical 
settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the 
Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in 
respect of the relevant Note by payment to the relevant Noteholder 
of the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount (as defined below) on 
the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such election 
is given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). Payment of the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). The Calculation Agent 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) that the provisions of this 
Condition 7(j)(i)(E) apply. 
For the purposes hereof, "Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount" means, 
in respect of any relevant Note, the fair market value of such Note (taking into 
account, the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement which have been 
duly delivered as provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets), less 
(except for Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or EuroTLX) the cost 
to the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion. 
(ii) 
Variation of Settlement 
If the Applicable Transaction Terms indicates that the Issuer has an option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Notes, the Issuer may at its sole and unfettered discretion 
in respect of each such Note, elect not to pay the relevant Noteholders the Final 
Redemption Amount or to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement to the relevant 
Noteholders, as the case may be, but, in lieu thereof to deliver or procure delivery of 
the Entitlement or make payment of the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity 
Date to the relevant Noteholders, as the case may be. Notification of such election will 
be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(iii) 
Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions to the contrary, the Issuer may, in 
its sole and absolute discretion in respect of Notes to which this Condition 7(j) applies, 
if the Calculation Agent determines (in its sole and absolute discretion) that the 
Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprises assets which are not 
freely tradable, elect either (i) to substitute for the Relevant Asset or the Relevant 
Assets, as the case may be, an equivalent value (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) of such other assets which the Calculation 
Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, are freely tradable (the

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
"Substitute Asset" or the "Substitute Assets", as the case may be) or (ii) not to deliver 
or procure the delivery of the Entitlement or the Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, 
to the relevant Noteholders, but in lieu thereof to make payment to the relevant 
Noteholder on the Delivery Date of an amount equal to the fair market value of the 
Entitlement on or about the time of so electing as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion by reference to such sources as it considers 
appropriate (the "Alternate Cash Redemption Amount"). Notification of any such 
election will be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) and 
in the event that the Issuer elects to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount, such 
notice shall give details of the manner in which such amount shall be paid. 
For purposes hereof, a "freely tradable" security shall mean (i) with respect to the 
United States, a security which is registered under the Securities Act or not restricted 
under the Securities Act and which is not purchased from the issuer of such security 
and not purchased from an affiliate of the issuer of such security or which otherwise 
meets the requirements of a freely tradable security for purposes of the Securities Act, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
or (ii) with respect to any other jurisdiction, a security not subject to any legal 
restrictions on transfer in such jurisdiction. 
(iv) 
Rights of Noteholders and Calculations 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation Agent, any Delivery 
Agent and the Agents shall have any responsibility for any errors or omissions in any 
calculation or determination in respect of the Notes. 
The purchase of Notes does not confer on any holder of such Notes any rights (whether 
in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset. 
(v) 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
"Assessed Value Payment Amount" means, in respect of a Note, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be the fair market value of the assets comprised 
in the Entitlement in respect of such Note less (except for Notes admitted to trading on 
SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX) the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
any underlying relating hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer. 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons by the Issuer 
or (as the case may be) the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee will be made without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Ireland or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax or Spain or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the holders and the Couponholders after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would have been received 
in respect of the Notes, Receipts or (as the case may be) Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any payment in respect of 
any Note, Receipt or Coupon or (as the case may be) under the Deed of Guarantee: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of the Notes who is liable 
for such taxes in respect of such Note by reason of his having some connection with Spain other 
than the mere holding of such Notes; or 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain if payments 
made to such individuals are not exempt from withholding tax; or

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 - 
(c) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder thereof would 
have been entitled to such additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such 30th 
day; or 
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner in respect of whose Notes 
the Issuer does not receive in a timely manner a duly executed and completed certificate from 
the Principal Paying Agent or Iberclear Paying Agent, as applicable, pursuant to Law 10/2014 
and Royal Decree 1065/2007, and any implementing legislation or regulation; or 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, Spanish resident corporate entities subject to Spanish 
Corporate Income Tax, if the Spanish Tax Authorities determine that the Notes do not comply 
with applicable exemption requirements, including those specified in the Reply to the 
Consultation of the Directorate General for Taxation (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 
July 2004 and require a withholding to be made; or 
(f) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish resident holder of a Implicit Yield Notes with a 
duration of more than 12 months; or 
(g) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder in respect of whom the Issuer does not receive such 
information concerning such holder's identity and tax residence as may be required in order to 
comply with the procedures to avoid any withholding tax upon the payment of interest; or 
(h) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder in respect of whom the Issuer does not receive such 
information concerning such holder's identity and tax residence as may be required in order to 
comply with the procedures that may be implemented to comply with the interpretation of Royal 
Decree 1065/2007 eventually made by the Spanish Tax Authorities.  
In addition, additional amounts will not be payable with respect to any taxes that are imposed in respect 
of any combination of the items set forth above.  
Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of 
FATCA Withholding or 871(m) Withholding. 
The sale, transfer, or acquisition of Implicit Yield Notes other than Book-Entry Notes, including, but not 
limited to, Zero Coupon Notes, to or by individuals (personas físicas) who are tax resident in Spain (each 
a "Spanish Individual") is forbidden in all cases. Any transfer of Implicit Yield Notes other than Book-
Entry Notes to or by Spanish Individuals is not permitted and such transfer will be considered null and 
void by the Issuer and the Guarantor. Accordingly, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor (i) will recognise 
any Spanish Individual as an owner of Implicit Yield Notes other than as an owner of Book-Entry Notes 
or (ii) list any Implicit Yield Notes other than Book-Entry Notes on AIAF.  
For the purposes of these Terms & Conditions: 
"Implicit Yield Notes" means Notes in respect of which the income derives from (i) the difference 
between the redemption amount and the issue price of the Notes, or (ii), subject to the paragraph below, 
a combination of (A) an explicit coupon and (B) the difference between the redemption amount and the 
issue price of the Notes. 
For the purposes of these Conditions and in accordance with Spanish tax regulations, Notes with the 
characteristics set out in (ii) above will only be deemed Implicit Yield Notes if the interest payable in 
each year (explicit coupon) is lower than the Interest Rate of Reference applicable as of the Issue Date. 
The "Interest Rate of Reference" shall be the interest rate applicable to each calendar quarter 
determined by reference to 80% of the weighted average rate fixed in the preceding calendar quarter for 
(i) three-year Spanish Government Bond issues, if the Notes have a term of four years or less, (ii) five 
year Spanish Government Bond issues, if the Notes have a term of more than four years but equal or less 
than seven years, or (iii) ten, 15 or 30-year Spanish Government Bond issues, if the Notes have a term 
of more than seven years, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer or the Guarantor be 
required to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons for, or on account

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 - 
of, any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer and the Guarantor for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
(which, for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made 
within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate 
Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
10. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing, the holder of a 
Note of any Series may give written notice to the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of Book-Entry 
Notes) the Iberclear Paying Agent, at its specified office that such Note is immediately repayable, 
whereupon the Redemption Amount of such Note, subject as provided below, together with, other than 
in the case of Call Option Rate Notes and Put Option Rate Notes, accrued interest to the date of payment 
shall become immediately due and payable; 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any interest or principal due in respect of the Notes or any 
of them and such default continues for a period of seven days; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under or in 
respect of the Notes, the Deed of Guarantee or the Agency Agreement and (except in the case 
where such failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter 
mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days next following the 
service by a holder of a Note on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described) 
or the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money on the due date for such payment or within any originally applicable grace 
period or any security given by the Issuer or the Guarantor for any Indebtedness for Borrowed 
Money becomes enforceable and steps are taken to enforce the same or if default is made by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor in making any payment when due (or within any applicable grace period 
in respect thereof) under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person, provided that no such event as 
aforesaid shall constitute an Event of Default unless the Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or 
other liability relative thereto either alone or when aggregated with other Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money and/or other liabilities relative to all (if any) other such events which shall 
have occurred shall amount to at least U.S.$50 million (or its equivalent in any other currency); 
or 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding-up, 
examination or dissolution of the Issuer or the Guarantor unless it is done in connection with a 
merger, amalgamation or reconstruction or other form of business combination with another 
company (in the case of the Guarantor, such company to be part of a financial group) and that 
company assumes all the obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in 
connection with the Notes, whether by express assumption or by application of law; or 
(e) 
if the Issuer or the Guarantor ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial 
part of its business, except for the purposes of a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation or other 
form of business combination with another company (in the case of the Guarantor, such 
company to be part of a financial group) and that company assumes all the obligations of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in connection with the Notes, whether by express 
assumption or by application of law, or the Issuer or the Guarantor stops, suspends or threatens 
to stop or suspend payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay all or a material part 
of its debts (or any class thereof) as they fall due, or proposes or makes a general assignment or 
an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 - 
of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or any part of 
(or any class of) the debts of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or is deemed unable to pay its debts 
pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is (or could be deemed by law or a 
court to be) adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f) 
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or the Guarantor under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, examination, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an 
application is made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, examiner, 
manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or the Guarantor or 
in relation to the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of either of them, or an 
encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of either of 
them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced 
upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of any of 
them and (ii) in any case is not discharged within 14 days; or 
(g) 
if the Issuer or the Guarantor initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under 
any applicable liquidation, examination, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other 
similar laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any 
composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); or 
(h) 
the Issuer ceases to be wholly owned and controlled by the Guarantor; or 
(i) 
any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any necessary consent, 
approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) at any time 
required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer and the Guarantor lawfully 
to enter into, exercise their respective rights and perform and comply with their respective 
obligations under the Notes and the Deed of Guarantee, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are 
legally binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes and the Deed of Guarantee 
admissible in evidence in the courts of Ireland or Spain is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(j) 
if the Deed of Guarantee ceases to be a valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor or it 
becomes unlawful for the Guarantor to perform its obligations under the Deed of Guarantee or 
the Deed of Guarantee is claimed by the Issuer or the Guarantor not to be in full force and effect; 
or 
(k) 
any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to 
any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs including, but not limited to, 
concurso de acreedores. 
As used herein "Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" means (a) money borrowed and premiums and 
accrued interest in respect thereof, (b) liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance 
credit or (c) the principal and premium (if any) and accrued interest in respect of any bonds, notes, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock, certificates of deposit or other securities whether issued for cash 
or in whole or in part of a consideration other than cash. 
11. 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interest, including modification by Extraordinary Resolution (or, as the case may 
be, written resolution which shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution) of the 
Notes (including these Conditions insofar as the same may apply to such Notes). An 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether present or not and on all relevant Couponholders, except that any 
Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption 
of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest thereon, (ii) to reduce or 
cancel the principal amount of any Instalment Amount of, any Entitlement in respect of, or any 
premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in 
respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 - 
interest or the basis for calculating the Interest Amount in respect thereof, (iv) if a Minimum 
and/or a Maximum Interest Rate, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, 
to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to change any method of calculating the 
Redemption Amount or Entitlement, (vi) to change the currency or currencies of payment or 
denomination of the Notes, (vii) to take any steps which as specified hereon may only be taken 
following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum provisions 
apply or (viii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of 
Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, will only be binding 
if passed at a meeting of the Noteholders (or at any adjournment thereof) at which a special 
quorum (provided for in the Agency Agreement) is present. The Agency Agreement provides 
that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such 
resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 95% 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of 
electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the 
Principal Paying Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the 
Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any 
meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Receiptholders and 
Couponholders. 
These Conditions may be supplemented, amended, modified, or replaced in relation to any 
Series of Notes by the terms of the applicable Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus in 
relation to such Series. These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes 
by the terms of the applicable Final Terms in relation to such series. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agency Agreement or in these Conditions, in 
relation to Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX,  the possibility for a 
meeting of Noteholders to approve a resolution, the effect of which is the reduction or 
cancellation of the Final Redemption Amount of such Notes, will be specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement 
The Issuer and the Guarantor shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency 
Agreement, which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such modification 
shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
12. 
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced, subject to applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
requirements, at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of the Bearer Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons) and the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent 
or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith 
and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the 
allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented 
for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there will be paid to the Issuer on 
demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or 
further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 - 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to "Notes" 
shall be construed accordingly. 
14. 
Notices 
Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes will be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the 
Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) after the date of mailing. 
Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes will be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times). If any such publication is not 
practicable, notice will be validly given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper 
of general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as 
provided above. 
All notices regarding Book-Entry Notes may be given by delivery to the Noteholders by registered mail 
to the addresses appearing in the relevant registries maintained by Iberclear or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Iberclear Member or by any other means which comply with Spanish law and the rules 
applicable to the giving of notices to investors and, if the Book-Entry Notes are listed on AIAF, the rules 
of AIAF. 
All notices regarding Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX, shall be delivered to 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. to be published in accordance with the rules of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (if and for as 
so long as the rules of the exchange so require), guidelines and market practice. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice to the Holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
15. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, substitute for such Issuer any company (the "Substitute") upon notice to the 
Holders by such Issuer, the Guarantor and the Substitute to be given in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), provided that: 
(i) 
no payment and/or delivery of any assets comprising the Entitlement (if applicable) in 
respect of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or the Deed of Guarantee (as the case 
may be) is at the relevant time overdue; 
(ii) 
the Substitute shall, by means of a deed poll in the form scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement as Schedule 4 (the "Deed Poll"), agree to indemnify each holder and 
Couponholder against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge which is 
imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the 
Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with respect 
to any Note, Receipt, Coupon, Talon or the Deed of Covenant and which would not 
have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, 
duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the 
substitution; 
(iii) 
where the Substitute is not the Guarantor, the obligations of the Substitute under the 
Deed Poll, the Notes, Receipts, Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant shall be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor by means of the Deed 
Poll; 
(iv) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 - 
enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, in the case of the Deed Poll of the 
Guarantor, have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(v) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
(vi) 
legal opinions shall have been delivered to the Issuer and the Guarantor from lawyers 
of recognised standing in each jurisdiction referred to in (ii) above, in Spain and in 
England as to the fulfilment of the requirements of this Condition 15 and the other 
matters specified in the Deed Poll and that the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
are legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute; 
(vii) 
each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the Notes 
are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation (if any) shall have confirmed that, 
following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Notes will continue to be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system; 
(viii) 
each relevant credit rating agency which has assigned a credit rating to the Notes (if 
any), shall have confirmed that following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, 
the credit rating of the Notes will not be adversely affected;  
(ix) 
if applicable, the Substitute has appointed a process agent as its agent in England to 
receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes; and 
(x) 
in the case of Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX, the Issuer 
shall continue to be unconditionally and irrevocably liable for the obligations of any 
Substitute as principal obligor in respect of such Notes together with and to the same 
extent as the Substitute. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Deed Poll and the delivery of the legal opinions, the Substitute shall 
succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power, of the Issuer under 
the Notes and the Agency Agreement with the same effect as if the Substitute had been named 
as the Issuer herein, and the Issuer shall be released from its obligations under the Notes and 
under the Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 15(a), the Substitute may, without the consent of any 
holder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in Condition 15(a) and 15(b) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the 
context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such further Substitute. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 15(a) or 15(c) any Substitute may, without the consent 
of any holder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
The Deed Poll and all documents relating to the substitution shall be delivered to, and kept by, 
the Principal Paying Agent. Copies of such documents will be available free of charge at the 
specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
(f) 
On the substitution of any Substitute, amendments may be made to the Conditions to reflect the 
regulatory position of such Substitute, including without limitation, to reflect the requirements 
of any Bail-In Legislation. 
16. 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the 
relevant Note, Coupon or Receipt is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or 
order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or the Guarantor or 
otherwise) by any holder of Notes or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from 
the Issuer or the Guarantor shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be, to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Note, Coupon or 
Receipt which the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 - 
currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that 
date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered is less than 
the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note, Coupon or Receipt, the Issuer, failing 
whom the Guarantor, shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the 
Issuer, failing whom the Guarantor, shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such 
purchase. For the purposes of this Condition, it will be sufficient for the holder of Notes or Couponholder, 
as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. 
These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer's and the Guarantor's 
other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective 
of any indulgence granted by any holder of Notes or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and 
effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum 
due under any Note, Coupon or Receipt of any other judgment or order. 
17. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons are governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law, save for the provisions of (i) Condition 4(b) relating to the status 
of the guarantee and (ii) the issue, subscription and first registration, form of representation, 
requirements, transfer and any other aspects of book entry forms legal regime of the Book-Entry 
Notes (as described in Condition 2(b)) and, in either case, all non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection therewith, which are governed by Spanish law.  
(b) 
English courts 
Subject to Condition 17(d) (Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England) 
below, the courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons (including a dispute relating to 
the existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination of the Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating 
to any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons and/or Talons) (a "Dispute") and accordingly, each of the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
any Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholder in relation to any Dispute submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor waives any objection to the courts of England on the 
grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England 
Condition 17(b) (English courts) is for the benefit of the holders of the Notes, Receipts, Coupons 
and/or Talons only. To the extent allowed by law, holders of Notes, Coupons, Receipts and/or 
Talons may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions ("Proceedings"). 
(e) 
Process agent 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and 
any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it 
by being delivered to Banco Santander, S.A., London branch, Attn.: Operations department, 2 
Triton Square, Regent's Place, London NW1 3AN or, if different, its registered office for the 
time being or at any address of the Issuer or Guarantor, as the case may be, in England at which 
process may be served on it. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept 
service of process on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, the Issuer and 
the Guarantor (acting together) shall, on the written demand of any holder of Notes addressed 
and delivered to the Issuer and the Guarantor or to the specified office of the Principal Paying 
Agent or, in the case of any written demand of any holder of Book-Entry Notes, to the specified 
office of the Iberclear Paying Agent, appoint a further person in England to accept service of

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 - 
process on its behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any holder of Notes shall be 
entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and Guarantor and 
delivered to the Issuer and Guarantor or to the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or 
Iberclear Paying Agent, as applicable. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any 
holder of Notes to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies 
to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
(f) 
Waiver of trial by jury 
WITHOUT PREJUDICE TO CONDITION 17(b) (English courts), EACH OF THE ISSUER 
AND THE GUARANTOR WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL OF 
ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION IN CONNECTION WITH THE NOTES, THE 
RECEIPTS AND THE COUPONS. THESE CONDITIONS MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN 
CONSENT TO A BENCH TRIAL. 
18. 
Rights of Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
19. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
This Condition 19 only applies to Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETF Linked Notes and Fund 
Linked Notes Linked to an ETF. 
(a) 
This Condition 19 is applicable only if: 
(i) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in 
which case any payment under the Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-
in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) 
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in 
which case any payment under the relevant Notes which is expressed to be subject to 
a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(b) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day at any time during the one-hour period that begins or ends at the 
Valuation Time a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event would otherwise have occurred and a 
Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists, then the 
Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; provided that if, 
by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, 
the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a 
Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the level or price, as applicable, of 
each affected Share Index, Share or Fund Share, as applicable, as at the Knock-in Valuation 
Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition 
of Valuation Date in order to determine whether a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event has 
occurred. 
(c) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms is any time or period of time other than the Valuation Time during the regular 
trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day and at any time during the one-hour period that begins or ends at the 
Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out 
Event would otherwise have occurred and a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an 
Early Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed 
not to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or 
Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period 
Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
level or price, as applicable, of each affected Share Index, Share or Fund Share, as applicable,

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 - 
as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the 
provisions contained in the definition of Valuation Date. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, or otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(a) 
greater than; 
(b) 
greater than or equal to; 
(c) 
less than; or 
(d) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Level (in the case of Index Linked Notes) or Knock-in Price (in the case of Share Linked 
Notes or Fund Linked Notes linked to one or more ETFs) or (B) within the Knock-in Range (x) on a 
Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Knock-in Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these 
Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these 
Conditions, the Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Fund Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time 
to time in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions, the Equity Linked Conditions and/or the 
Fund Linked Conditions, as applicable; 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or in the event that the Applicable Transaction 
Terms does not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation 
Time. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, being a term defined 
in Payout Condition 5.2. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
or otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period.  
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A):

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 - 
(a) 
greater than; 
(b) 
greater than or equal to; 
(c) 
less than; or 
(d) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-out Level (in the case of Index Linked Notes) or Knock-out Price (in the case of Share Linked 
Notes or Fund Linked Notes linked to one or more ETFs) or (B) within the Knock-out Range (x) on a 
Knock-out Determination Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Knock-out Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these 
Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these 
Conditions, the Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Fund Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as 
such or otherwise determined in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to 
time in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions, the Equity Linked Conditions and/or the 
Fund Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or in the event that the Applicable Transaction 
Terms does not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, being a term 
defined in Payout Condition 5.2. 
20. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
This Condition 20 only applies to Notes other than Inflation Linked Notes, Credit Linked Notes, Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes and Fund Linked Notes which are not linked to an ETF. 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be 
automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately 
following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or the last day of the relevant Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Period, as applicable, and the Issuer shall pay an amount in respect of each 
Calculation Amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, being a term defined in 
Payout Condition 5.2 (Value Definitions).

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 - 
"AER Value Automatic Early Redemption Event" means, in respect of Index Linked Notes, Share 
Linked Notes and Fund Linked Notes only, the AER Value is: 
(a) 
greater than; 
(b) 
greater than or equal to; 
(c) 
less than; or 
(d) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Level (in the case of Index Linked Notes) or Automatic Early 
Redemption Price (in the case of Share Linked Notes or Fund Linked Notes), (a), (b), (c) or (d) applying 
as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means an amount, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, being the Automatic Early Redemption Payout set out in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Noteholder shall 
be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the occurrence of an AER Value Automatic Early 
Redemption Event or a Target Coupon Automatic Early Redemption Event, as specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Payout" is as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Fund Linked Notes 
Conditions, as applicable. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is 
a Disrupted Day, then the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be delayed in accordance 
with the corresponding provisions of the definition of Valuation Date which shall apply mutatis mutandis 
as if references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Target Coupon Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the Accumulated Coupon (as defined 
in Payout Condition 5.1) is greater than or equal to the Target Coupon Percentage. 
21. 
Additional Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
"Averaging Date" means, in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to one or more Share Index, Share 
Linked Notes relating to one or more Share, Fund Linked Notes relating to one or more ETF or EUA 
Contract Linked Notes relating to one or more EUA Contracts, each date specified as an Averaging Date

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 - 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately 
following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
if "Omission" is specified as applying in the Applicable Transaction Terms, then such date will 
be deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant level, price 
or amount provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Dates would 
occur, then the Averaging Date will not be omitted and the provisions of the definition of 
"Valuation Date" will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on 
the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted 
Day; or 
(b) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the Applicable Transaction Terms, then the 
provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the 
relevant level, price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a 
Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such 
determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to 
be an Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the Applicable Transaction Terms then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes or Equity Linked Notes relating to a Single 
Share Index or a Single Share, respectively, or Fund Linked Notes relating to a single 
Fund, the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined in (iv) 
below). If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then 
(A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an 
Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or 
price for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition 
of Valuation Date below; 
(ii) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes or Equity Linked Notes relating to a Share 
Index Basket or a Share Basket, respectively, the Averaging Date for each Share or 
Share Index, as applicable, shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to every 
Share and/or Share Index, as applicable, forming part of the Share Basket and/or the 
Share Index Basket, as applicable. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to every 
Share or Share Index forming part of the Share Basket or the Share Index Basket, as 
applicable, has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading days equal 
to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date 
that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have 
been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such 
Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of every Share or 
Share Index, as applicable, forming part of the Share Basket or the Share Index Basket, 
as applicable, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price 
or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the 
definition of Valuation Date below; 
(iii) 
where the Notes are Fund Linked Notes relating to a Fund Basket, the Averaging Date 
for each Fund Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
originally designated Averaging Date (the "Scheduled Averaging Date") and the 
Averaging Date for each Fund Share affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) in relation to such Fund 
Share. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Fund Share has not occurred 
for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence 
of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Averaging 
Date, then (A) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 - 
(irrespective of whether that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already 
an Averaging Date) in respect of such Fund Share, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant level, price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition of Valuation Date below; and 
(iv) 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions "Valid Date" means a Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does 
not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Entitlement", in respect of each Calculation Amount, shall be a quantity of the Relevant Asset(s) (and 
any cash amount to be delivered as a result of rounding down) specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms equal to the Entitlement Amount specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Observation Date" means, in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to one or more Share Index, Share 
Linked Notes relating to one or more Share, Fund Linked Notes relating to one or more ETF or EUA 
Contract Linked Notes relating to one or more EUA Contracts, each date specified as an Observation 
Date in the Applicable Transaction Terms, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such 
day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to Omission, 
Postponement or Modified Postponement, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, contained 
in the definition of Averaging Date shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
Averaging Date were to Observation Date. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Redemption Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Redemption Valuation Date in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Relevant Asset(s)" means the relevant asset(s) so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Valuation Date" means, in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to one or more Share Index, Share 
Linked Notes relating to one or more Share, Fund Linked Notes relating to one or more ETF or EUA 
Contract Linked Notes relating to one or more EUA Contracts, the Coupon Valuation Date, Strike Date, 
the Redemption Valuation Date and/or any other date for valuation of the relevant asset(s) or reference 
basis(es), as the case may be, specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Share Index, the Valuation Date shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that 
case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Settlement Level by determining the level of the Share Index as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating the Share Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of 
the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted level as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in the Share Index 
(or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day);

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 - 
(b) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Share Index Basket, the Valuation Date for each 
Share Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of any Share Index forming part of the Share Index Basket unless each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Share 
Index forming part of the Share Index Basket. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for each Share Index forming 
part of the Share Index Basket, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with 
respect to any Share Index, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Level 
using the level of that Share Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Share 
Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded 
or quoted level as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day 
of each security comprised in that Share Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day 
has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise in accordance with the above 
provisions; 
(c) 
in the case of Fund Linked Notes or Share Linked Notes relating to a single Fund Share of an 
ETF or Share or EUA Contract Linked Notes, respectively, the Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Settlement Price in accordance with its good faith estimate of the Settlement Price 
as of the Valuation Time on that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; 
(d) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a Share Basket, the Valuation Date for each Share 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of 
any Shares forming part of the Share Basket unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to any Share of the Share Basket. In that 
case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation 
Date for each Share of the Share Basket, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day with respect to any Share, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement 
Price using, in relation to the relevant affected Share, its good faith estimate of the value for the 
affected Share as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day 
and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions; or 
(e) 
in the case of Fund Linked Notes relating to a basket of Fund Shares of one or more ETFs, the 
Valuation Date for each Fund Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Fund Share affected (each an 
"Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number 
of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected 
Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price using its good faith 
estimate of the value for the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
For the purpose of improving the reading and intelligibility in connection with the applicable 
meaning of Valuation Date used in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, a numerical or 
letter suffix value may be attributed when included in the Applicable Transaction Terms.

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 - 
22. 
Contractual Recognition and Acknowledgment of Bail-in Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements, or understandings between the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Noteholder, by its acquisition 
of the Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition, includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may 
be subject to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, and acknowledges, 
accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, which 
exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the amounts due under the Notes; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the amounts due under the Notes into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or 
conferral on the Noteholders of such shares, securities or obligations), including by 
means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest (if any) payable on the Notes, or the dates on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition 22: 
"Bail-In Legislation" means the European Union (Bank Recovery and Resolution) Regulations 
2015 (S.I. No. 289/2015) (as amended or re-enacted). 
"Bail-in Powers" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or suspension 
power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any law or regulation 
in effect in Ireland, relating to the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU (as amended or re-
enacted) establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, including but not limited to the Bail-In Legislation and Regulation (EU) No 
806/2014 (as amended or re-enacted) and the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which: (a) any obligation of a bank or investment firm or affiliate of a 
bank or investment firm can be reduced, cancelled, modified or converted into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of such entity or any other person (or suspended for a temporary 
period); and (b) any right in a contract governing an obligation of a bank or investment firm or 
affiliate of a bank or investment firm may be deemed to have been exercised.  
References in this Condition to a "regulation" include any regulation, rule, official directive, 
request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, 
intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or of any regulatory, self-
regulatory or other authority or organisation. 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise 
any Bail-in Powers in relation to the Issuer. 
(d) 
No repayment or payment of amounts due under the Notes will become due and payable or be 
paid after the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority if and to the extent 
such amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such 
exercise. 
(e) 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the amounts due, the conversion thereof 
into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 - 
the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of the 
Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an Event of Default. 
(f) 
Upon the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, 
the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon 
as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in Power.

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 - 
ANNEX 1 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
This Annex 1 (Provisions relating to Equity Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms as being one of the following Notes: 
(i) 
Notes linked to the Shares of an entity not affiliated with the Issuer ("Single Share Linked Notes"); 
(ii) 
Notes linked to a basket of Shares of entities not affiliated with the Issuer ("Share Basket Linked 
Notes"); 
(iii) 
Notes linked to a single index of Shares not prepared by the Issuer or entities affiliated with the Issuer 
("Single Share Index Linked Notes"); and 
(iv) 
Notes linked to a basket of indices of Shares not prepared by the Issuer or entities affiliated with the 
Issuer ("Share Index Basket Linked Notes"). 
In this Annex 1, references to "Share" and "Share Index" shall have the meanings given to them in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the additional terms and conditions relating to Equity 
Linked Notes set out in this Annex 1 (the "Equity Linked Conditions"), the Equity Linked Conditions shall 
prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Equity Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the 
Payout Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or the Equity 
Linked Conditions and (ii) the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Applicable Transaction Terms shall prevail. 
PART 1 SINGLE SHARE LINKED NOTES 
This Part 1 (Single Share Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms as being Single Share Linked Notes. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
"Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the Share has temporary relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding 
any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day Convention" means any of the following, as specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms: 
 
Following Business Day Convention: if a date specified as Valuation Date in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day, such Valuation Date will be the first 
succeeding Exchange Business Day. 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention: if a date specified as Valuation Date in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day, such Valuation Date will be 
the first succeeding Exchange Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in 
which case such Valuation Date will be the first preceding day that is an Exchange Business 
Day.  
"Related Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system specified as such for the Share in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Share has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges"

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 - 
is specified as the Related Exchange in the Applicable Transaction Terms, "Related Exchange" shall 
mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share. 
"Relevant Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date 
or Valuation Date, as the case may be, in the case of a Share, an amount equal to the official closing price 
(or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such 
Share on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Settlement 
Price Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Averaging 
Date or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) cannot be so determined and the relevant Settlement Price 
Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair 
market buying price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) and the closing fair market 
selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date 
or Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) for the Share 
based, at the Calculation Agent's discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or 
middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of the Share or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent 
shall decide, such amount to be converted, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, into the 
Specified Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date and such converted amount to be the Relevant Price, all as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which each Exchange and Related Exchange are scheduled 
to be open for trading for their respective regular trading session.  
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, 
Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be, (A) if Averaging is not specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Relevant Price for the relevant Settlement Price Date, or (B) if 
Averaging is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Prices 
of the Single Share on each Averaging Date or (C) if Averaging (Per Share) is specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the arithmetric mean of the Relevant Prices for the relevant Share on each Averaging 
Date, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Settlement Price Date" means any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may 
be. 
"Share Issuer" means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of the Share as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Valuation Time" means Coupon Valuation Time or the Redemption Valuation Time, as the case may 
be, specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no such time is specified, the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, in relation to each Share to be valued. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading 
session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time.

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 - 
2. 
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS 
2.1 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in each case ((i) and (ii)) the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
or (iii) an Early Closure. 
2.2 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to the Share on 
the Exchange, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related 
Exchange. 
2.3 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for, the Shares on the Exchange, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
2.4 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing 
time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
2.5 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred. The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances notify the Issuer of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an 
Averaging Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date 
or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. Without limiting the obligation of the Calculation Agent to 
notify the Issuer as set forth in the preceding sentence, failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the 
Issuer of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of 
such Disrupted Day. 
2.6 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
3. 
ADJUSTMENTS 
Potential Adjustment Events: 
3.1 
Following the declaration by the Share Issuer of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the 
Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares and, if so, will (i) make the 
corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to the Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are 
Physical Delivery Notes) the Strike Price, Initial Price, Final Price and Barrier(s), as the case may be, 
and any other variable relevant to the redemption and the payment of the coupon amount or other terms 
of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative 
effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and (ii) determine the effective 
date(s) of the adjustment(s). The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate 
adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by 
an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares traded on such options exchange.

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 - 
3.2 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of a relevant Share (unless resulting in a Merger 
Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (A) such Shares, or 
(B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Share Issuer equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such Shares, or (C) share capital or other securities of another share issuer acquired 
or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Share Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction, or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for 
payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(iv) 
a call by the Share Issuer in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise; 
(vi) 
in respect of the Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or 
becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the 
Share Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile 
takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred 
stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such 
an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(vii) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effected on the theoretical value of the 
relevant Shares. 
4. 
EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS 
4.1 
Definitions: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means a Change in Law, Failure to Deliver, Insolvency Filing or 
Hedging Disruption. 
"Announcement Date" means, (i) in the case of a Merger Event, the date of the first public 
announcement of a firm intention to engage in a transaction (whether or not subsequently amended) that 
leads to the Merger Event, (ii) in the case of a Tender Offer, the date of the first public announcement of 
a firm intention to purchase or otherwise obtain the requisite number of voting shares (whether or not 
subsequently amended) that leads to the Tender Offer, (iii) in the case of a Nationalisation, the date of 
the first public announcement to nationalise (whether or not subsequently amended) that leads to the 
Nationalisation, (iv) in the case of an Insolvency, the date of the first public announcement of the 
institution of a proceeding or presentation of a petition or passing of a resolution (or other analogous 
procedure in any jurisdiction) that leads to the Insolvency and (v) in the case of a Delisting, the date of 
the first public announcement by the Exchange that the Shares will cease to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted in the manner described in the "Delisting" definition below. In respect of any Extraordinary Event, 
if the announcement of such Extraordinary Event is made after the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on the relevant Exchange, without regard to any after hours or any other trading outside 
of such regular trading session hours, the Announcement Date shall be deemed to be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 - 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Hedging Party(ies) determine(s) in good faith that (X) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose 
of Shares relating to the Hedging Transaction(s), or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in 
tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a clearance system, any day on which such 
clearance system is (but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for 
the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Combined Consideration" means New Shares in combination with Other Consideration. 
"Delisting" means that the Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the Shares 
cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a 
Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange 
or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the 
European Union, in any member state of the European Union). 
"Extraordinary Event" means a Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency, Delisting or 
any applicable Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be. 
"Failure to Deliver" means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, when due, the 
Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the 
market for such Shares. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Party(ies) is/are unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk of entering into and performing 
its obligations, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Party(ies)" means the Issuer and, if any, the entity with which the Issuer agrees the Hedging 
Transaction(s). 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Share Issuer, (A) all the Shares of 
that Share Issuer are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) 
holders of the Shares of that Share Issuer become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means that the Share Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over 
it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or 
it consents to proceedings seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for 
its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such 
a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to 
by the Share Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined 
under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (i) reclassification or change of such 
Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding 
to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the 
Share Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange in which such Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in 
a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange 
offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100% 
of the outstanding Shares of the Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment 
to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), 
or (iv) the consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer or its 
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 - 
not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding 
Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50% of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event (a 
"Reverse Merger"), in each case if the Merger Date is on or before (a) in the case of Cash Settled Notes, 
the latest of the last occurring Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date or, where Averaging is 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the final Averaging Date or (b) in the case of Physical 
Delivery Notes, the relevant Maturity Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of a Share Issuer are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"New Shares" means ordinary or common shares, whether of the entity or person (other than the Share 
Issuer) involved in the Merger Event or the making of the Tender Offer or a third party, that are, or that 
as of the Merger Date or Tender Offer Date are promptly scheduled to be, (i) publicly quoted, traded or 
listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the 
Exchange is within the European Union, in any member state of the European Union) and (ii) not subject 
to any currency exchange controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations. 
"Other Consideration" means cash and/or any securities (other than New Shares) or assets (whether of 
the entity or person (other than the Share Issuer) involved in the Merger Event or the making of the 
Tender Offer or a third party). 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Share, the period of Clearance System Business Days 
following a trade in such Shares on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according 
to the rules of the Exchange. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, an event beyond the control of the Hedging 
Party(ies) as a result of which the relevant clearance system cannot clear the transfer of such Share. 
"Share-for-Combined" means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for 
the relevant Shares consists of Combined Consideration. 
"Share-for-Other" means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the 
relevant Shares consists solely of Other Consideration. 
"Share-for-Share" means (i) in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the 
relevant Shares consists (or, at the option of the holder of such Shares, will consist) solely of New Shares, 
and (ii) a Reverse Merger. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the 
right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10% and less than 100% of the outstanding 
voting shares of the Share Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of 
filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent 
deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in the amount 
of the applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent). 
4.2 
Consequences: 
Consequences of Merger Events: in respect of any Merger Event, on or after the relevant Merger Date, 
the Calculation Agent shall either (i) (A) make such adjustment to any one or more of any Relevant Asset 
and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes), the coupon amount or any other 
terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect 
on the Notes of such Merger Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Notes), which may, but need not, 
be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger Event by an options 
exchange to options on the relevant Shares traded on such options exchange and (B) determine the

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 - 
effective date of that adjustment, or (ii) if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it 
could make under (i) will produce a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent will notify 
the Issuer that the relevant consequence shall be the early redemption of the Notes. If the early redemption 
of the Notes occurs, then the Issuer will pay to the Noteholders the Early Redemption Amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. 
Consequences of Tender Offer: in respect of any Tender Offer, on or after the relevant Tender Offer 
Date, the Share Issuer and the Shares will not change, but the Calculation Agent shall either (i) (A) make 
such adjustment to the coupon amount or any other terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Notes of such Tender Offer (including 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant 
to the Shares or to the Notes), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) 
made in respect of such Tender Offer by an options exchange to options on the relevant shares traded on 
such options exchange and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment, or (ii) if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under (i) will produce a commercially reasonably 
result, the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer that the relevant consequence shall be the early 
redemption of the Notes. If the early redemption of the Notes occurs, then the Issuer will pay to the 
Noteholders the Early Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the 
outstanding Notes. 
Consequences of Nationalisation, Insolvency Filing and Delisting: upon the Issuer's becoming aware 
of the occurrence of a Nationalisation, Insolvency Filing or Delisting, the early redemption of the Notes 
will take place (as determined by the Calculation Agent) and then the Issuer will pay to the Noteholders 
the Early Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Event: upon becoming aware of the occurrence of an 
Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer may early redeem the Notes and therefore pay to the Noteholders 
the Early Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. 
Correction of the Share Price: in the event that the Share price on the Exchange which is utilised for 
any calculation or determination made under these Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
published by the Exchange within one Settlement Cycle after the original publication, the Issuer may 
notify the Noteholder of that correction and the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is 
payable or deliverable as a result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of 
these Notes to account for such correction. 
PART 2 SINGLE SHARE INDEX LINKED NOTES 
This Part 2 (Single Share Index Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms as being Single Share Index Linked Notes. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of each component security or reference security of the Share Index (each, 
a "Component Security"), the principal stock exchange on which such Component Security is 
principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Exchange Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Share Index Sponsor 
publishes the level of the Share Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular 
trading session, notwithstanding such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day Convention" means any of the following, as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms: 
 
Following Business Day Convention: if the date specified as Valuation Date in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day, the Valuation Date will be the first 
succeeding Exchange Business Day. 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention: if the date specified as Valuation Date in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day, the Valuation Date will be the 
first succeeding Exchange Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in 
which case the Valuation Date will be the first preceding day that is an Exchange Business Day.

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 - 
"Related Exchange" means in respect of a Share Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as 
such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such 
Share Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Share Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that 
where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
"Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating 
to such Share Index. 
"Relevant Level" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Averaging Date, Observation Date, 
Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day as the case may be in the case of a Share Index, an amount equal to the official 
closing level of such Share Index, or in the case of a Share Dividend Index, the level for the Share 
Dividend Index for the relevant day, as published by the relevant Share Index Sponsor, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the level of the Share Index 
determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the Applicable Transaction Terms at the Valuation 
Time on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Settlement 
Level Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, each Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which: (i) the Share Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish 
the level of the Share Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its 
regular trading session. 
"Share Index Sponsor" means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and 
reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the 
relevant Share Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the relevant Share 
Index on a regulated basis during each Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Settlement Level" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, 
Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be, (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the Relevant Level for the relevant Settlement Level Date, or (ii) if Averaging is 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Levels of the Share 
Index on each Averaging Date, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Settlement Level Date" means the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the 
case may be. 
"Share Dividend Index" means an index specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Valuation Time" means (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred: (a) in respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component Security, and (b) in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on 
the Share Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, the 
Coupon Valuation Time or the Redemption Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no such time is specified, the time at which the official closing level 
of the Share Index is calculated and published by the Share Index Sponsor.

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 - 
2. 
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS 
2.1 
"Market Disruption Event" means either: 
(i) 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(1) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on 
which such Component Security is principally traded; 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on 
which such Component Security is principally traded; or 
(3) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
(b) 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading Disruption, 
an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists and comprises 20% or 
more of the level of the Share Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to the Share Index, 
of: (a) a Trading Disruption Event; (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at 
the Valuation Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (c) an Early Closure, in each case in 
respect of such futures or options contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a Component 
Security at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such Component Security at that 
time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of the Share Index 
shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Share Index attributable to that 
Component Security to (y) the overall level of the Share Index, in each case using the official opening 
weightings as published by the Sponsor as part of the market "opening data". 
2.2 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to the Share on 
the Exchange, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related 
Exchange. 
2.3 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for: (i) any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such 
Component Security or (ii) futures or options contracts relating to the Share Index on the Related 
Exchange. 
2.4 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect of any 
Component Security or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior 
to the earlier of: (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for 
orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
2.5 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Share Index Sponsor fails to 
publish the level of the Share Index; (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session; or (iii) other than in the case of a Share Dividend Index, a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred. The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify 
the Issuer of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day, would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an Averaging Date, a Knock-in 
Determination Day or a Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 - 
case may be. Without limiting the obligation of the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer as set forth in 
the preceding sentence, failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer of the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day on the 
Notes. 
2.6 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
3. 
ADJUSTMENTS 
3.1 
If the Share Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Share Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor 
sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (iii) replaced by a successor index using, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of that Share Index, then in each case that index (the "Successor 
Share Index") will be deemed to be the Share Index. 
3.2 
If (i) on or prior to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, the Share Index 
Sponsor announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating 
that Share Index or in any other way materially modifies that Share Index (other than a modification 
prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Share Index in the event of changes in constituent 
stock and capitalisation and other routine events) (an "Share Index Modification") or permanently 
cancels the Share Index and no Successor Share Index exists (an "Share Index Cancellation") or (ii) on 
any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, 
Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date in respect of this Note, the Share 
Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Share Index (an "Share Index Disruption" and 
together with a Share Index Modification and a Share Index Cancellation, each an "Share Index 
Adjustment Event"), then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Share Index Adjustment Event 
has a material effect on the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the relevant Strike Price(s), Initial Price(s), 
Valuation Price(s), Final Price(s) and Barrier(s) and any other variable relevant to the redemption and 
the payment of the coupon amount or other terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for that Share Index Adjustment Event, using, in lieu of a published level for that 
Share Index, the level for that Share Index as at that Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or 
Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method 
of calculating that Share Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only 
those securities that comprised that Share Index immediately prior to that Share Index Adjustment Event. 
 
3.3 
Correction of Share Index 
In the event that any price or level published on the Exchange or by the Share Index Sponsor and which 
is utilised for any calculation or determination made under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published by the Exchange or the Share Index Sponsor within one Settlement Cycle after 
the original publication, the Issuer may notify the Noteholder of that correction and the Calculation Agent 
will determine the amount that is payable or deliverable as a result of that correction. 
"Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a clearance system, any day on which such 
clearance system is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open 
for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of the Share Index, the number of Clearance System Business 
Days following a trade in such shares on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of the Exchange (if there are multiple Exchanges in respect of the Share Index, the 
longest such period). 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Component Security, an event beyond the control 
of the Hedging Party(ies) as a result of which the relevant clearance system cannot clear the transfer of 
such Component Security.

--- Page 175 ---
- 175 - 
4. 
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS 
4.1 
Definitions: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means a Change in Law, Insolvency Filing or Hedging Disruption. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Hedging Party(ies) determine(s) in good faith that (X) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose 
of Shares relating to the Hedging Transaction(s), or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in 
tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Party(ies) is/are unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk of entering into and performing 
its obligations, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), being 
both transaction(s) and asset(s) the Hedging Transaction(s). 
"Hedging Party(ies)" means the Issuer and, if any, the entity with which the Issuer agrees the Hedging 
Transaction(s). 
"Insolvency Filing" means that the issuer of a Component Security institutes or has instituted against it 
by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or 
home office, or it consents to proceedings seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition 
is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it 
consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and 
not consented to by the issuer of the Component Security shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
4.2 
Consequences: upon becoming aware of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer 
may early redeem the Notes and therefore pay to the Noteholders the Early Redemption Amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent per each of the outstanding Notes. 
 
PART 3 SHARE BASKET LINKED NOTES 
This Part 3 (Share Basket Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms as being Share Basket Linked Notes. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
"Exchange" means, in respect of each Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for 
the Share in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or 
any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share has temporary relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such 
Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding 
any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day Convention" means any of the following, as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms: 
 
Following Business Day Convention: if the date specified as Valuation Date in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day for any of the Shares comprised in the 
Basket, the Valuation Date will be deemed to be, only for that Share, the first succeeding 
Exchange Business Day.

--- Page 176 ---
- 176 - 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention: if the date specified as Valuation Date in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day for any of the Shares comprised 
in the Basket, the Valuation Date will be deemed to be, only for that Share, the first succeeding 
Exchange Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the 
Valuation Date for that Share will be the first preceding day that is an Exchange Business Day. 
"Related Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system specified as such for each Share in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to each Share has 
temporally relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to each Share on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" 
is specified as the Related Exchange in the Applicable Transaction Terms, "Related Exchange" shall 
mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share. 
"Relevant Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date 
or Valuation Date, as the case may be, in the case of a Share, an amount equal to the official closing price 
(or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such 
Share on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Settlement 
Price Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Averaging 
Date or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) cannot be so determined and the relevant Settlement Price 
Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair 
market buying price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) and the closing fair market 
selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date 
or Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) for the Share 
based, at the Calculation Agent's discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or 
middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of the Share or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent 
shall decide, such amount to be converted, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, into the 
Specified Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date and such converted amount to be the Relevant Price, all as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which each Exchange and Related Exchange are scheduled 
to be open for trading for their respective regular trading session. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, 
Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be, (A) if Averaging is not specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Relevant Price for the relevant Settlement Price Date, or (ii) if 
Averaging is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Prices 
for each Share in the Share Basket on each Averaging Date, all as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Settlement Price Date" means any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may 
be.

--- Page 177 ---
- 177 - 
"Share Basket" means, where the Share Basket Linked Notes are linked to the performance of more than 
one Share, a basket comprising such Shares, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Share Issuer" means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of the Share as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Valuation Time" means the Coupon Valuation Time or Redemption Valuation Time, as the case may 
be, specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no such time is specified, the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, in relation to each Share to be valued. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading 
session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
2. 
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS 
2.1 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in each case ((i) and (ii)) the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
or (iii) an Early Closure. 
2.2 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to the Share on 
the Exchange, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related 
Exchange. 
2.3 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for, the Shares on the Exchange, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
2.4 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing 
time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
2.5 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred. The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances notify the Issuer, of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an 
Averaging Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date 
or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. Without limiting the obligation of the Calculation Agent to 
notify the Issuer as set forth in the preceding sentence, failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the 
Issuer of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of 
such Disrupted Day. 
2.6 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
3. 
ADJUSTMENTS 
Potential Adjustment Events: 
3.1 
Following the declaration by the Share Issuer of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the 
Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares and, if so, will (i) make the

--- Page 178 ---
- 178 - 
corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to the Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are 
Physical Delivery Notes) the Strike Price, Initial Price(s), Valuation Price(s), Final Price(s) and 
Barrier(s), as the case may be, and, in any case, any other variable relevant to the redemption and the 
payment of the coupon amount or other terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made 
to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the 
relevant Share) and (ii) determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). The Calculation Agent may 
(but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of 
such Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares traded 
on such options exchange. 
 
3.2 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares (unless resulting in a Merger 
Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (A) such Shares, or 
(B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Share Issuer equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such Shares, or (C) share capital or other securities of another share issuer acquired 
or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Share Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction, or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for 
payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(iv) 
a call by the Share Issuer in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise; 
(vi) 
in respect of the Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or 
becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the 
Share Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile 
takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred 
stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such 
an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(vii) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
relevant Shares. 
4. 
EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS 
4.1 
Definitions: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means Change in Law, Failure to Deliver, Insolvency Filing or Hedging 
Disruption. 
"Announcement Date" means, (i) in the case of a Merger Event, the date of the first public 
announcement of a firm intention to engage in a transaction (whether or not subsequently amended) that 
leads to the Merger Event, (ii) in the case of a Tender Offer, the date of the first public announcement of 
a firm intention to purchase or otherwise obtain the requisite number of voting shares (whether or not 
subsequently amended) that leads to the Tender Offer, (iii) in the case of a Nationalisation, the date of 
the first public announcement to nationalise (whether or not subsequently amended) that leads to the 
Nationalisation, (iv) in the case of an Insolvency, the date of the first public announcement of the

--- Page 179 ---
- 179 - 
institution of a proceeding or presentation of a petition or passing of a resolution (or other analogous 
procedure in any jurisdiction) that leads to the Insolvency and (v) in the case of a Delisting, the date of 
the first public announcement by the Exchange that the Shares will cease to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted in the manner described in the "Delisting" definition below. In respect of any Extraordinary Event, 
if the announcement of such Extraordinary Event is made after the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on the relevant Exchange, without regard to any after hours or any other trading outside 
of such regular trading session hours, the Announcement Date shall be deemed to be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Hedging Party(ies) determine(s) in good faith that (X) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose 
of Shares relating to the Hedging Transaction(s), or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in 
tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a clearance system, any day on which such 
clearance system is (but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for 
the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Combined Consideration" means New Shares in combination with Other Consideration. 
"Delisting" means that the Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the Shares 
cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a 
Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange 
or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the 
European Union, in any member state of the European Union). 
"Extraordinary Event" means a Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency, Delisting or 
any applicable Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be. 
"Failure to Deliver" means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, when due, the 
Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the 
market for such Shares. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Party(ies) is/are unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk of entering into and performing 
its obligations, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), being 
both transaction(s) and asset(s) to the Hedging Transaction(s). 
"Hedging Party(ies)" means the Issuer and, if any, the entity with which the Issuer agrees the Hedging 
Transaction(s). 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Share Issuer, (A) all the Shares of 
that Share Issuer are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) 
holders of the Shares of that Share Issuer become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means that the Share Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over 
it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or 
it consents to proceedings seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for 
its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such 
a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to 
by the Share Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing.

--- Page 180 ---
- 180 - 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined 
under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (i) reclassification or change of such 
Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding 
to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the 
Share Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange in which such Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in 
a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange 
offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100% 
of the outstanding Shares of the Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment 
to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), 
or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer or its 
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding 
Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50% of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event (a 
"Reverse Merger"), in each case if the Merger Date is on or before (a) in the case of Cash Settled Notes, 
the latest of the last occurring Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date or, where Averaging is 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the final Averaging Date or (b) in the case of Physical 
Delivery Notes, the relevant Maturity Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of a Share Issuer are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"New Shares" means ordinary or common shares, whether of the entity or person (other than the Share 
Issuer) involved in the Merger Event or the making of the Tender Offer or a third party, that are, or that 
as of the Merger Date or Tender Offer Date are promptly scheduled to be, (i) publicly quoted, traded or 
listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the 
Exchange is within the European Union, in any member state of the European Union) and (ii) not subject 
to any currency exchange controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations. 
"Other Consideration" means cash and/or any securities (other than New Shares) or assets (whether of 
the entity or person (other than the Share Issuer) involved in the Merger Event or the making of the 
Tender Offer or a third party). 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Share, the period of Clearance System Business Days 
following a trade in such Shares on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according 
to the rules of the Exchange. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, an event beyond the control of the Hedging 
Party(ies) as a result of which the relevant clearance system cannot clear the transfer of such Share. 
"Share-for-Share" means (i) in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the 
relevant Shares consists (or, at the option of the holder of such Shares, will consist) solely of New Shares, 
and (ii) a Reverse Merger. 
"Share-for-Combined" means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for 
the relevant Shares consists of Combined Consideration. 
"Share-for-Other" means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the 
relevant Shares consists solely of Other Consideration. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the 
right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10% and less than 100 per cent. of the 
outstanding voting shares of the Share Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the 
making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant.

--- Page 181 ---
- 181 - 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in the amount 
of the applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent). 
4.2 
Consequences: 
Consequences of Merger Events: in respect of any Merger Event, on or after the relevant Merger Date, 
the Calculation Agent shall either (i) (A) make such adjustment to any one or more of the Relevant Asset 
and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes), the coupon amount or any other 
terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect 
on the Notes of such Merger Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Notes), which may, but need not, 
be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger Event by an options 
exchange to options on the relevant Shares traded on such options exchange and (B) determine the 
effective date of that adjustment, or (ii) if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it 
could make under (i) will produce a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent will notify 
the Issuer that the relevant consequence shall be the early redemption of the Notes. If the early redemption 
of the Notes occurs, then the Issuer will pay to the Noteholders the Early Redemption Amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. 
Consequences of Tender Offer: in respect of any Tender Offer, on or after the relevant Tender Offer 
Date, the Share Issuer and the Shares will not change, but the Calculation Agent shall either (i) (A) make 
such adjustment to the coupon amount or any other terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Notes of such Tender Offer (including 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant 
to the Shares or to the Notes), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) 
made in respect of such Tender Offer by an options exchange to options on the relevant shares traded on 
such options exchange and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment, or (ii) if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under (i) will produce a commercially reasonably 
result, the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer that the relevant consequence shall be the early 
redemption of the Notes. If the early redemption of the Notes occurs, then the Issuer will pay to the 
Noteholders the Early Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the 
outstanding Notes. 
Consequences of Nationalisation, Insolvency Filing and Delisting: upon becoming aware of the 
occurrence of a Nationalisation, Insolvency Filing or Delisting, the early redemption of the Notes will 
take place (as determined by the Calculation Agent) and then the Issuer will pay to the Noteholders the 
Early Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Event: upon becoming aware of the occurrence of an 
Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer may early redeem the Notes and therefore pay to the Noteholders 
the Early Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. 
Correction of the Share Price: in the event that the Share price on the Exchange which is utilised for 
any calculation or determination made under these Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
published by the Exchange within one Settlement Cycle after the original publication, the Issuer may 
notify of that correction and the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable or 
deliverable as a result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of these Notes 
to account for such correction. 
PART 4 SHARE INDEX BASKET LINKED NOTES 
This Part 4 (Share Index Basket Linked Notes) is applicable only in the Applicable Transaction Terms as being 
Share Index Basket Linked Notes. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
"Exchange" means, in respect of each component security or reference security of each of the Indices 
(each, a "Component Security"), the principal stock exchange on which such Component Security is 
principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 182 ---
- 182 - 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of each Share Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(i) the relevant Share Index Sponsor publishes the level of the Share Index; and (ii) the relevant Related 
Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding the Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day Convention" means any of the following, as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms: 
 
Following Business Day Convention: if the date specified as Valuation Date in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day for any of the Indices, the Valuation Date 
will be deemed to be, only for that Share Index, the first succeeding Exchange Business Day. 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention: in case the date specified as Valuation Date 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day for any of the Share 
Indices comprised in the Basket, the Valuation Date will be deemed to be, only for that Share 
Index, the first succeeding Exchange Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month, in which case the Valuation Date for that Share Index will be the first preceding day that 
is an Exchange Business Day. 
"Related Exchange" means, in respect of each Share Index, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such 
Share Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Share Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that 
where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
"Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating 
to such Share Index. 
"Relevant Level" means, subject as referred to in relation to Averaging Date, Observation Date, 
Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day, as the case may be, in the case of a Share Index, an amount equal to the official 
closing level of such Share Index or in the case of a Share Dividend Index, the level for the Share 
Dividend Index for the relevant day, as published by the relevant Share Index Sponsor, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the level of the Share Index 
determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the Applicable Transaction Terms at the Valuation 
Time on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Settlement 
Level Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, each Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of each Share Index, any day on which: (i) the Share Index 
Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Share Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled 
to be open for trading for its regular trading session. 
"Settlement Level" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, 
Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be, (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the Relevant Level for the relevant Settlement Level Date, or (ii) if Averaging is 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Levels of each Index 
in the Share Index Basket on each Averaging Date or (iii) if Averaging (Per Index) is specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the arithmetric mean of the Relevant Levels for the relevant Index on 
each Averaging Date, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent in a commercially 
reasonable manner.

--- Page 183 ---
- 183 - 
"Settlement Level Date" means any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may 
be. 
"Share Dividend Index" means an index specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Share Index Basket" means, where the Share Index Basket Linked Notes are linked to the performance 
of more than one Share Index, a basket comprising such Shares Indices, as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Share Index Sponsor" means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and 
reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the 
relevant Share Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the relevant Share 
Index on a regulated basis during each Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Valuation Time" means (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred: (a) in respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component Security, and (b) in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on 
the Share Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, the 
Coupon Valuation Time or the Redemption Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no such time is specified, the time at which the official closing level 
of the Share Index is calculated and published by the Share Index Sponsor. 
2. 
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS 
2.1 
"Market Disruption Event" means either: 
(i) 
 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(1) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on 
which such Component Security is principally traded; 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on 
which such Component Security is principally traded; or 
(3) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
(b) 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading Disruption, 
an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists and comprises 20% or 
more of the level of the Share Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to the Share Index, 
of: (a) a Trading Disruption Event; (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at 
the Valuation Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (c) an Early Closure, in each case in 
respect of such futures or options contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a Component 
Security at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such Component Security at that 
time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of the Share Index 
shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Share Index attributable to that 
Component Security to (y) the overall level of the Share Index, in each case using the official opening 
weightings as published by the Sponsor as part of the market "opening data".

--- Page 184 ---
- 184 - 
2.2 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to the Share on 
the Exchange; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related 
Exchange. 
2.3 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for: (i) any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such 
Component Security; or (ii) futures or options contracts relating to the Share Index on the Related 
Exchange. 
2.4 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect of any 
Component Security or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior 
to the earlier of: (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for 
orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
2.5 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Share Index Sponsor fails to 
publish the level of the Share Index; (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session; or (iii) other than in the case of a Share Dividend Index, a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred. The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify 
the Issuer of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day, would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an Averaging Date, a Knock-in 
Determination Day or a Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the 
case may be. Without limiting the obligation of the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer as set forth in 
the preceding sentence, failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer of the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day on the 
Notes. 
2.6 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
3. 
ADJUSTMENTS 
3.1 
If any of the Share Indices is (i) not calculated and announced by the Share Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by 
a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (iii) replaced by a successor index using, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method 
of calculation as used in the calculation of that Share Index, then in each case that index (the "Successor 
Share Index") will be deemed to be the Share Index. 
3.2 
If (i) on or prior to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, the Share Index 
Sponsor of any of the Share Indices announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or 
the method of calculating that Share Index or in any other way materially modifies that Share Index 
(other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Share Index in the event 
of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine events) (a "Share Index 
Modification") or permanently cancels the Share Index and no Successor Share Index exists (a "Share 
Index Cancellation") or (ii) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Averaging Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date in 
respect of this Note, the Share Index Sponsor of any of the Indices fails to calculate and announce a 
relevant Share Index (a "Share Index Disruption" and together with a Share Index Modification and a 
Share Index Cancellation, each a "Share Index Adjustment Event"), then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine if such Share Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Notes and, if so, shall 
calculate the relevant Strike Price(s), Initial Price(s), Valuation Price(s), Final Price, Barrier, and any 
other variable relevant to the redemption and the payment of the coupon amount or other terms of the 
Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that Share Index Adjustment Event, 
using, in lieu of a published level for that Share Index, the level for that Share Index as at that Automatic

--- Page 185 ---
- 185 - 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out 
Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Share Index last effect prior to the change, 
failure or cancellation, but using only those securities that comprised that Share Index immediately prior 
to that Share Index Adjustment Event; 
3.3 
Correction of Share Index 
In the event that any price or level published on the Exchange or by the Share Index Sponsor of any of 
the Indices and which is utilised for any calculation or determination made under the Notes is 
subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the Exchange or the Share Index Sponsor 
within one Settlement Cycle after the original publication, the Issuer may notify the Noteholder of that 
correction and the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable or deliverable as a result 
of that correction. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of any the Indices, the period of Clearance System Business Days 
following a trade in such shares on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according 
to the rules of the Exchange (if there are multiple Exchanges in respect of the Share Index, the longest 
such period). 
"Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a clearance system, any day on which such 
clearance system is (but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for 
the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Component Security, an event beyond the control 
of the Hedging Party(ies) as a result of which the relevant clearance system cannot clear the transfer of 
such Component Security. 
4. 
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS 
4.1 
Definitions: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of the following events: 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Hedging Party(ies) determine(s) in good faith that (X) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose 
of Shares relating to the Hedging Transaction(s), or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in 
tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Party(ies) is/are unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk of entering into and performing 
its obligations, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), being 
both transaction(s) and asset(s) to the Hedging Transaction(s). 
"Hedging Party(ies)" means the Issuer and, if any, the entity with which the Issuer agrees the Hedging 
Transaction(s). 
"Insolvency Filing" means that the Share Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over 
it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or 
it consents to proceedings seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for 
its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such 
a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to 
by the Share Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing.

--- Page 186 ---
- 186 - 
Consequences: upon becoming aware of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer 
may early redeem the Notes and therefore pay to the Noteholders the Early Redemption Amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes.

--- Page 187 ---
- 187 - 
ANNEX 2 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
This Annex 2 (Provisions Relating to Inflation Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms as being Inflation Linked Notes. The definitions set out in Annex 1 
(Provisions relating to Equity Linked Notes) will also apply in relation to a Series of Inflation Linked Notes unless 
the context otherwise requires, or such term is defined otherwise herein, and for the purposes of such definitions, 
the definition of Share Index shall be deemed to be a reference to Inflation Index. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the additional terms and conditions relating to 
Inflation Linked Notes set out in this Annex 2 (the "Inflation Linked Conditions"), the Inflation Linked 
Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Inflation Linked Conditions and the Payout 
Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions 
and/or the Inflation Linked Conditions and (ii) the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, shall prevail. 
Section 1 
Inflation Index Description 
1. 
Delay of Publication 
If any level of an Inflation Index for a Reference Month which is relevant to the calculation of a payment 
under the Notes and/or any other determination in respect of the Notes (a "Relevant Level") has not been 
published or announced by the day that is five Business Days prior to the next Determination Date, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level (in place of such Relevant Level) 
as follows: 
1.1 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level 
determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; or 
1.2 
if (i) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, or (ii) the 
Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level under 1.1 above, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
1.3 
otherwise in accordance with any formula specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, 
where: 
"Base Level" means the level of the relevant Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published 
or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months 
prior to the month for which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined. 
"Latest Level" means the level of the relevant Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which 
the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined. 
"Reference Level" means the level of the relevant Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar 
months prior to the month in respect of the Latest Level. 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the day that is five Business Days prior 
to the next Determination Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The Substitute 
Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant to this Paragraph 1 (Delay of Publication), will be the 
definitive level for that Reference Month. 
]
[
)
ence Level
evel/Refer
 (Latest L
Level 
el = Base 
 Index Lev
 Inflation
Substitute

; or

--- Page 188 ---
- 188 - 
2. 
Cessation of Publication 
If a level for the Inflation Index has not been published or announced for two consecutive months or the 
Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation 
Index then the Calculation Agent shall determine a Successor Inflation Index (in lieu of any previously 
applicable Inflation Index) for the purposes of the Notes by using the following methodology: 
(a) 
If at any time a Successor Inflation Index has been designated by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, such Successor Inflation Index shall be 
designated a "Successor Inflation Index" for the purposes of all subsequent Determination 
Dates, notwithstanding that any other Successor Inflation Index may previously have been 
determined under Paragraph 2(b), 2(c) or 2(d) below; or 
(b) 
If a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined under Paragraph 2(a) above and a notice 
has been given or an announcement has been made by the Inflation Index Sponsor, specifying 
that the Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement index specified by the Inflation 
Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement index is calculated 
using the same or a substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of the previously applicable Inflation Index, such replacement index shall be the 
Inflation Index for purposes of the Notes from the date that such replacement index comes into 
effect; or 
(c) 
If a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined under Paragraph 2(a) or 2(b) above, the 
Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement 
Inflation Index for the Inflation Index should be. If between four and five responses are received, 
and of those four or five responses, three or more leading independent dealers state the same 
Inflation Index, this Inflation Index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If three 
responses are received, and two or more leading independent dealers state the same Inflation 
Index, this Inflation Index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If fewer than three 
responses are received, the Calculation Agent will proceed to Paragraph 2(d) below; or 
(d) 
If no Successor Inflation Index has been deemed under Paragraph 2(a), 2(b) or 2(c) above by 
the fifth Business Day prior to the next Determination Date the Calculation Agent will 
determine an appropriate alternative index for such Determination Date, and such index will be 
deemed a "Successor Inflation Index", the Calculation Agent shall determine the method of 
determining the Relevant Level if no such alternative Inflation Index is available. 
3. 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any time, the 
Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Inflation Index") will be used for purposes of determining 
the level of such Inflation Index from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation 
Agent shall make such adjustments as are made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of the Related Bond, if any, to the levels of the Rebased Inflation Index so that the Rebased 
Inflation Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. If 
there is no Related Bond, the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased 
Inflation Index so that the Rebased Inflation Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation 
Index before it was rebased. Any such rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made under the Notes. 
4. 
Material Modification Prior to Determination Date 
If, on or prior to the day that is five Business Days before a Determination Date, an Inflation Index 
Sponsor announces that it will make a material change to an Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent 
shall make any such adjustments to the Inflation Index consistent with adjustments made to the Related 
Bond, or, if there is no Related Bond, only those adjustments necessary for the modified Inflation Index 
to continue as the Inflation Index. 
5. 
Manifest Error in Publication 
If, within 30 days of publication and prior to the redemption of the Notes or payments in respect of any 
relevant Determination Date in relation to the Notes, the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation 
Index Sponsor has corrected the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original

--- Page 189 ---
- 189 - 
publication, the Calculation Agent will notify the holders of the Notes in accordance with Condition 14 
of (i) that correction, (ii) the adjusted amount that is then payable under the Notes as a result of that 
correction and (iii) take such other action as it may deem necessary to give effect to such correction, 
provided that any amount payable pursuant to sub-paragraph (ii) above shall be paid (with no interest 
accruing thereon) (a) in connection with an Inflation Index Sponsor's correction to remedy a manifest 
error in the level of an Inflation Index for a Reference Month for which the Determination Date has 
occurred, within five Business Days after notice of such amount payable by the Calculation Agent, (b) 
in connection with an Inflation Index Sponsor's correction to remedy a manifest error in the level of an 
Inflation Index for a Reference Month for which the Determination Date has not occurred, as an 
adjustment to the payment obligation on the next Determination Date, or (c) if there is no further 
Determination Date, within five Business Days after notice of such amount, payable by the Calculation 
Agent. 
6. 
Inflation Index Level Adjustment Correction 
In relation to any inflation index, unless otherwise specified in the definition of the relevant Inflation 
Index set out in Section 3 (Inflation Indices) of this Annex 2 (Provisions Relating to Inflation Linked 
Notes), as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, either: (i) the first publication or announcement 
of the level of the Inflation Index (disregarding estimates) by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor for 
any Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and, subject to this Condition 6, later revisions to the 
level of the Inflation Index for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations; or (ii) the first 
publication or announcement of a level of the Inflation Index (disregarding estimates) published by the 
relevant Inflation Index Sponsor or, if revised, any subsequent revision of such level for a Reference 
Month shall be final and conclusive for such Reference Month, provided that such revisions are published 
or announced up to and including the day that is two Business Days prior to any relevant Determination 
Date. 
7. 
Additional Disruption Events: 
(a) 
Following the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer will, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, determine whether or not the relevant Notes shall continue or be redeemed 
early. 
(b) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Notes shall continue, the Calculation Agent may make 
such adjustment as the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, considers 
appropriate, if any, to any variable relevant to the redemption or payment terms of the relevant 
Notes and/or any other adjustment which change or adjustment shall be effective on such date 
as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
(c) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Notes shall be redeemed early, then the Issuer shall 
give not less than five Business Days' notice to redeem the Notes and the Issuer's obligations 
under the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment in respect of each Note of an amount 
equal to the fair market value of such Note, on such day as is selected by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the 
date fixed for redemption of the Note), less (except for Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX 
Market or on EuroTLX) the proportion attributable to that Note of the reasonable cost to the 
Issuer and/or any Affiliate of, or the loss realised by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, 
unwinding any related hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion. 
(d) 
The Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify the Calculation 
Agent of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event. 
Section 2 
Definitions 
1. 
Definitions Applicable to Inflation Linked Notes 
In relation to Inflation Linked Notes, the following expressions have the meanings set out below:

--- Page 190 ---
- 190 - 
"Additional Disruption Event" means, with respect to any Series of Notes, a Change in Law or Hedging 
Disruption; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Issuer determines that (x) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedge Positions or (y) it 
will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations with respect to the Notes (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position); 
"Determination Date" means an Interest Payment Date, Maturity Date or other relevant payment date 
as may be specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms in relation to the Notes; 
"Fallback Bond" means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the 
country to whose level of inflation the Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to the Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) 
the same day as the Maturity Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the Maturity Date if there is no 
such bond maturing on the Maturity Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity Date if no 
bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Inflation Index relates to the level 
of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation linked 
bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of France, 
Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference 
to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select 
the Fallback Bond from those inflation linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is 
more than one inflation linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by 
the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems the Calculation Agent will select 
a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the 
original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged); 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (i) positions or 
contracts in securities, commodities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan 
transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) by a party in order to hedge, 
individually or on a portfolio basis, the Notes; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to 
(A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing its obligations under the 
Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transactions or asset(s); 
"Inflation Index" means any index specified as such in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms which 
may be specified using the Inflation Indices described in Section 3 (Inflation Indices) of this Annex 2 
(Provisions Relating to Inflation Linked Notes); 
"Inflation Index Sponsor" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the entity specified as such in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no entity is specified, the entity that publishes or announces 
(directly or through an agent) the level of the relevant Inflation Index; 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the relevant Inflation Index was 
reported, regardless of when this information is published or announced. If the period for which the 
Inflation Index level was reported is a period other than a month, the Reference Month will be the period 
for which the Inflation Index level was reported; 
"Related Bond" means the bond specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, or if no bond 
is so specified, the Fallback Bond. If the Related Bond is the "Fallback Bond", then for any Related Bond 
determination under these Conditions, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond (as that is 
defined in this Section 2 (Definitions) hereof). If no bond is specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is selected as the Related Bond 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, and that bond redeems or matures before the relevant

--- Page 191 ---
- 191 - 
Maturity Date, unless "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond determination; 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level" means an Inflation Index level, determined by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to the provisions of Paragraph 1 (Delay of Publication) of Section 1 (Inflation Index 
Description) of this Annex 2 (Provisions Relating to Inflation Linked Notes), in respect of a 
Determination Date; and 
"Successor Inflation Index" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 2 (Cessation of Publication) of 
Section 1 (Inflation Index Description) of this Annex 2 (Provisions Relating to Inflation Linked Notes). 
Section 3 
Inflation Indices 
European Union 
(a) 
"EUR – Excluding Tobacco-Non-revised Consumer Price Index" means the "Non-revised Index of 
Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco, expressed as an index and published by 
the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for 
a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference 
Month will not be used in any calculations. 
(b) 
"EUR – All Items-Non-revised Consumer Price Index" means the "Non-revised Harmonised Index 
of Consumer Prices All Items", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the rate of inflation 
in the European Monetary Union expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall 
be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in 
any calculations. 
(c) 
"EUR – All Items-Revised Consumer Price Index" means the "Revised Harmonised Index of 
Consumer Prices All Items", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
the European Monetary Union expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index, or, if revised, any subsequent 
revisions of such level for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive, provided that such revisions 
are published or announced up to and including the day that is two Business Days prior to any relevant 
Determination Date. 
France 
(a) 
"FRC – Excluding Tobacco-Non-Revised Consumer Price Index" means the "Non-revised Index of 
Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in France excluding tobacco expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation 
Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month 
shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used 
in any calculations. 
(b) 
"FRC – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-revised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in France, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor. The 
first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and 
conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations.

--- Page 192 ---
- 192 - 
Spain 
(a) 
"ESP – National-Revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Year on Year Revised Index of 
Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Spain, 
expressed as an annual percentage and published by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor. The first 
publication or announcement of a level of such index, or, if revised, any subsequent revisions of such 
level for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive, provided that such revisions are published 
or announced up to and including the day that is two Business Days prior to the relevant Determination 
Date. 
(b) 
"ESP – National-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised Index of 
Consumer Prices including Tobacco", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Spain expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor. The 
first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and 
conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
(c) 
"ESP – Harmonised-Revised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Harmonised Index of 
Consumer Prices including Tobacco", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Spain expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor. The 
first publication or announcement of a level of such index, or, if revised, any subsequent revisions of 
such level for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive, provided that such revisions are 
published or announced up to and including the day that is two Business Days prior to the relevant 
Determination Date. 
(d) 
"ESP – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-revised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices including Tobacco", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in Spain expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation 
Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month 
shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used 
in any calculations. 
United Kingdom 
(a) 
"GBP – Non-revised Retail Price Index (UKRPI)" means the "Non-revised Retail Price Index All 
Items in the United Kingdom", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the all items rate of 
inflation in the United Kingdom expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall 
be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in 
any calculations. 
(b) 
"GBP – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-revised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in the United Kingdom, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall 
be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in 
any calculations. 
(c) 
"GBP – Non-revised Retail Price Index Excluding Mortgage Interest Payments (UKRPIX)" 
means the "Non-revised Retail Price Index Excluding Mortgage Interest Payments in the United 
Kingdom", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the all items rate of inflation in the United 
Kingdom expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor. The first 
publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and 
conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
United States 
"USA – Non-revised Consumer Price Index – Urban (CPI-U)" means the "Non-revised index of Consumer 
Prices for All Urban Consumers (CPI-U) before seasonal adjustment", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in the United States expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation 
Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for such Reference Month shall be 
final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations.

--- Page 193 ---
- 193 - 
Italy 
(a) 
"ITL – Whole Community – Excluding Tobacco Consumer Price Index" means the "Indice 
nazionale dei prezzi al consumo per l'intera collettività (NIC) senza tabacchi" or relevant Successor 
Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Italy expressed as an index and published by the relevant 
Inflation Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference 
Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not 
be used in any calculations. 
(b) 
"ITL – Whole Community – Including Tobacco Consumer Price Index" means the "Indice 
nazionale dei prezzi al consumo per l'intera collettività (NIC) con tabacchi", or relevant Successor 
Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Italy expressed as an index and published by the relevant 
Inflation Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference 
Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not 
be used in any calculations. 
(c) 
"ITL – Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees – Excluding Tobacco Consumer Price 
Index" means the "Indice dei prezzi al consumo per famiglie di operai e impiegati (FOI) senza 
tabacchi", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Italy expressed as an index 
and published by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level 
of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for 
such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
(d) 
"ITL – Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees – Including Tobacco Consumer Price 
Index" means the "Indice dei prezzi al consumo per famiglie di operai e impiegati (FOI) con tabacchi", 
or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Italy expressed as an index and published 
by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index 
for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference 
Month will not be used in any calculations. 
(e) 
"ITL – Non-revised Harmonised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-revised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Italy, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor. The first publication 
or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later 
revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations.

--- Page 194 ---
- 194 - 
ANNEX 3 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
The terms and conditions applicable to ETF Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(the "Conditions") and the additional terms and conditions for ETF Linked Notes linked to one or more ETFs set 
out below (the "ETF Linked Conditions"), in each case subject to completion in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions and (ii) 
the Applicable Transaction Terms or the Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be), the Applicable Transaction 
Terms or the Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) shall prevail. 
1. 
Disrupted Day 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 of the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, an Averaging Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-out 
Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
2. 
Potential ETF Events and Extraordinary ETF Events 
(a) 
Potential ETF Events 
(i) 
"Potential ETF Events" means any of the following: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation, or reclassification of relevant ETF Shares or a 
free distribution or dividend of any such ETF Shares to existing holders by 
way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant ETF Shares 
of (A) such ETF Shares or (B) other share capital or securities granting the 
right to payment of dividends and/or proceeds of liquidation of the ETF 
equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such ETF Shares; 
(C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the ETF, as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction; or (D) any of other type of securities, rights or warrants or other 
assets, in any case for payment (in cash or other consideration) at less than 
the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
a call by an ETF in respect of relevant ETF Shares that are not fully paid; and 
(E) 
a repurchase by the ETF or its subsidiaries of relevant ETF Shares whether 
out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is 
cash, securities or otherwise; or 
(F) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETF 
Shares. 
(ii) 
"Potential ETF Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential ETF Event, 
the date on which such Potential ETF Event is announced by the relevant ETF, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
(iii) 
Following the declaration by the ETF of the terms of any Potential ETF Event, the 
Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether such 
Potential ETF Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of 
the ETF Shares and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any 
one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are 
Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the 
Conditions, these ETF Linked Conditions and/or the Applicable Transaction Terms as

--- Page 195 ---
- 195 - 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate to 
account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be 
made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or 
liquidity relative to the relevant ETF Share) and (ii) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate 
adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential ETF Event made 
by an options exchange ("ETF Exchange Based Adjustment") to options on the ETF 
Shares traded on that options exchange. 
(iv) 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent shall, other than where ETF Exchange Based Adjustment applies, notify the 
Issuer as soon as practicable and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, stating the occurrence of the 
Potential ETF Event, giving details thereof and the adjustment to be taken in relation 
thereto, provided that any failure to give or non-receipt of such notice will not affect 
the validity of such Potential ETF Event or Potential ETF Event Effective Date or the 
adjustment in relation thereto. 
(b) 
Extraordinary ETF Events 
"Extraordinary ETF Event" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
occurrence at any time on or after the Issue Date of any of the following events and any 
applicable Additional Extraordinary ETF Event: 
(i) 
the ETF or any ETF Service Provider (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of any ETF 
Service Provider, ceases administration, portfolio management, investment services, 
custodian, prime brokerage or any other relevant business (as applicable), (ii) is 
dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), (iii) makes a general 
assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (iv) (1) institutes or 
has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor 
or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law 
or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-
up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person 
or entity not described in sub-clause (iv)(1) above and either (x) results in a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order 
for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained; (v) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other 
similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (vi) has a secured party 
take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against 
all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vii) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the events specified in sub-clauses 
(i) to (vi) above;

--- Page 196 ---
- 196 - 
(ii) 
the occurrence of any Merger Event or Tender Offer (unless Tender Offer is specified 
as not applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms), where: 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant ETF Shares, any (i) reclassification 
or change of such ETF Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment 
to transfer all of such ETF Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of an ETF with or into 
another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange in which such ETF is the continuing entity and which does not result 
in a reclassification or change of all of such ETF Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover 
offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity 
or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding ETF Shares 
of the ETF that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such 
ETF Shares (other than such ETF Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or 
person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the 
ETF or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the ETF is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares 
outstanding but results in the outstanding ETF Shares (other than ETF Shares owned 
or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding ETF Shares immediately 
following such event, in each case if the date of the occurrence of the Extraordinary 
ETF Event is on or before (a) in the case of Cash Settled Notes, the latest of the last 
occurring Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day 
or Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date or, where 
Averaging is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the final Averaging Date 
or (b) in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, the relevant Maturity Date; and 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other 
means, greater than 30 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. (the "Percentage Range") 
of the outstanding voting shares of the ETF, as the case may be, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-
regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(iii) 
(a) an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the ETF, or any 
ETF Service Provider, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent 
reasonably determines that any such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or 
(b) the commencement or threat of any investigative, judicial, administrative, 
regulatory or other civil or criminal proceedings against the ETF, any ETF Service 
Provider or any key personnel of such entities, if such allegation, determination, 
suspicion or proceedings could (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) have an 
adverse impact on a Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to hedging 
activities in respect of the Notes or could materially affect the value of the ETF Shares; 
(iv) 
any ETF Service Provider or other agent or entity fulfilling such role, howsoever 
described in the ETF Documents as at the Issue Date, ceases to act in such capacity in 
relation to the ETF and is not immediately replaced in such capacity by a successor 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(v) 
(i) any of the investment objectives, investment restrictions or investment process 
(howsoever described) of the ETF are modified from that set out in the ETF Documents 
except where such change is of a formal, minor or technical nature or (ii) a material 
modification of the type of assets in which the ETF invests (including but not limited 
to a material deviation from the investment objectives, investment restrictions or 
investment process (howsoever described) set out in the ETF Documents);

--- Page 197 ---
- 197 - 
(vi) 
a material modification of the ETF (including but not limited to a modification of the 
ETF Documents) or a material modification of the method of calculating the net asset 
value per ETF Share (if any), or any change in the period or timing of the calculation 
or the publication of the net asset value per ETF Share (if any) or the occurrence of 
any event which in the determination of the Calculation Agent has or may have an 
adverse impact on the ETF or investors in the ETF (including, without limitation, the 
suspension of the net asset value per ETF Share (if any)), in each case other than a 
modification or event which does not affect the ETF Shares or the ETF or any portfolio 
of assets to which the ETF Share relate (either alone or in common with other ETF 
Shares issued by the ETF); 
(vii) 
any ETF Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a reasonable 
time, with any information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably requested 
regarding the investment portfolio of the ETF; 
(viii) 
(i) the occurrence of any event affecting a ETF Share that, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation 
Agent to determine the value of the relevant ETF Share; (ii) any failure of the ETF, or 
its authorised representative, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (1) information that 
the ETF has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Calculation Agent or 
Hedge Provider, or (2) information that has been previously delivered to any Hedge 
Provider or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the ETF's, or its 
authorised representative's, normal practice and that any Hedge Provider deems 
necessary for it or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to monitor such ETF's 
compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any 
other similar policies relating to the relevant ETF Share; 
(ix) 
a reduction of the ETF's aggregate value or the reduction of the ETF's aggregate net 
asset value under an amount that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
has, or is likely to have, a significant effect on the management conditions of the ETF 
and/or its operating expenses or would increase the proportion of ETF Shares held, or 
likely to be held, by the Issuer, Guarantor or Hedge Provider to such extent that the 
full redemption in one single order of the ETF Shares held by the Issuer, Guarantor or 
Hedge Provider is likely to be impaired; 
(x) 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the ETF or the ETF Service Providers are 
or become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of 
compliance with any present or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of 
any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the 
interpretation thereof, (ii) a relevant authorisation or licence is revoked or is under 
review by a competent authority in respect of the ETF or the ETF Service Providers, 
(iii) the ETF is required by a competent authority to redeem any ETF Shares and/or 
(iv) the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any Hedge Provider is required by a competent 
authority, the ETF or any other relevant entity to dispose of or compulsorily redeem 
any ETF Shares held in connection with any hedging arrangements relating to the 
Notes; 
(xi) 
(i) the non-execution or partial-execution by the ETF for any reason of a subscription 
or redemption order in respect of any ETF Shares (including, for the avoidance of any 
doubt, any non-execution by the ETF pending completion of its fiscal audit), if such 
non-execution or partial execution could in the sole determination of any Hedge 
Provider have an adverse impact on any Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in 
relation to its hedging activities in relation to the Notes, (ii) the ETF otherwise 
suspends or refuses transfers of any of its ETF Shares as described in the ETF

--- Page 198 ---
- 198 - 
Documents, (iii) if applicable, the ETF ceases to be an undertaking for collective 
investments under the relevant jurisdiction's legislation, (iv) the ETF otherwise 
suspends or refuses redemptions of any of its ETF Shares (including, without 
limitation, if the ETF applies any gating, deferral, suspension or other similar 
provisions permitting the ETF to delay or refuse redemption or transfer of ETF Shares) 
as described in the ETF Documents, (v) the ETF imposes in whole or in part any 
restriction (including, without limitation, any redemption in specie), charge or fee in 
respect of a redemption or subscription of its ETF Shares by the Issuer or any Hedge 
Provider or exercises its right to claw back the proceeds already paid on redeemed ETF 
Shares, if in any case it could in the sole determination of any Hedge Provider have an 
adverse impact on any Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to its hedging 
activities in relation to the Notes, (vi) a mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of 
the ETF Shares is imposed by the ETF on any one or more holders of ETF Shares at 
any time for any reason or (vii) the Issuer, any Hedge Provider, or any Affiliate thereof, 
is required by the ETF or ETF Service Provider to redeem any ETF Shares for any 
reason; 
(xii) 
all the ETF Shares or all or substantially all the assets of an ETF are nationalised, 
expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof;  
(xiii) 
the currency or denomination of the ETF Share is amended from that set out in the 
ETF Documents as at the Trade Date; 
(xiv) 
one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the ETF 
ceases to act in such capacity, and the ETF or relevant ETF Service Provider fails to 
appoint a replacement having similar qualifications to those of the key individual or 
individuals ceasing to act; 
(xv) 
following the issue by a ETF of a new class or series (howsoever described in the ETF 
Documents) of shares, the Calculation Agent, determines that such new class or series 
of shares has or may have an adverse effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge 
Provider in relation to the Notes; 
(xvi) 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or 
regulations relating to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on 
any hedging arrangements entered into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Notes 
(a "Tax Event") and, subject as provided below, the Issuer or the Hedge Provider has, 
for a period of one calendar month following the day the relevant Tax Event became 
known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax 
Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to any of its Affiliates, 
provided that the Issuer or the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be 
obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind 
and the period set out above for such mitigation shall be deemed satisfied on any date 
the Calculation Agent determines that there is no reasonable means of mitigating the 
Tax Event as provided above; 
(xvii) 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Notes, as a result of any 
adoption of, or any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever 
described, after the Issue Date, or issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any 
change in the interpretation, whether formal or informal, by any court, tribunal, 
regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any law, order, 
regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such date or as a result of any 
other relevant event (each a "Relevant Event") (i) it would become unlawful or

--- Page 199 ---
- 199 - 
impractical for the Issuer or the Hedge Provider to hold (including, without limitation, 
circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider or the Issuer to adversely modify any 
reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement or that would adversely affect the 
amount of regulatory capital that would have to be maintained in respect of any holding 
of ETF Shares or that would subject a holder of the ETF Shares or the Issuer to any 
loss), purchase or sell any ETF Shares of the ETF or for the Issuer or the Hedge 
Provider to maintain such hedging arrangements, (ii) the cost to the Issuer or the Hedge 
Provider of such hedging activities would be materially increased for any reason or 
(iii) the Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a material loss and, 
subject as provided below, the Issuer or the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one 
calendar week following the day the Relevant Event became known to it, used 
reasonable efforts to mitigate the effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer 
such hedging arrangements to any of its Affiliates, provided that the Issuer or the 
Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which 
would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period of one calendar 
week set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any date the Calculation Agent 
determines that that there is no practicable means of mitigating the Relevant Event as 
provided above; 
(xviii) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, if the cost to the Issuer 
or the Hedge Provider in relation to the Notes and the related hedging activities would 
be materially increased or the Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a 
material loss relating to the Notes and the related hedging activities. Such event will 
not be applicable in the case of Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or on 
EuroTLX if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
(xix) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, the Hedge Provider 
is unable or it becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider, to (a) acquire, establish, 
re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset or any 
futures or option contracts on the relevant Exchange it deems necessary to hedge the 
equity, commodity or other underlying ETF asset price risk or any other relevant price 
risk, including but not limited to the Issuer's obligations under the Notes, or (b) to 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction, asset or futures or option 
contract or any relevant hedge positions relating to an ETF Share of the ETF; 
(xx) 
at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur 
an increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of 
tax, duty, capital and/or funding costs, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to maintain the Notes; 
(xxi) 
the Issuer becomes legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming its holding of 
ETF Shares; 
(xxii) 
the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the 
relevant ETF Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the 
Exchange for any reason and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on 
(i) where the Exchange is located in the United States, any of the New York Stock 
Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System 
(or their respective successors) or otherwise (ii) a comparable exchange or quotation 
system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within 
the European Union or in the United Kingdom, in a member state of the European 
Union or in the United Kingdom)]; 
(xxiii) 
(i) the occurrence of the reclassification of the ETF Shares; or

--- Page 200 ---
- 200 - 
(ii) (A) proposal for or (B) the occurrence of the acquisition of the ETF by, or the 
aggregation of the ETF into, another fund the mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmarks 
of which the Calculation Agent determines to be different from the mandate, risk-
profile and/or benchmarks of the ETF as compared to the Trade Date of the ETF 
Linked Notes (or any proposal for the foregoing occurs); or 
(xxiv) 
(i) any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the ETF 
or the ETF Shares by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over 
the ETF or the ETF Shares; 
(ii) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatments of the ETF, any 
ETF Service Provider or the ETF Shares that the Calculation Agent determines has or 
is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the investors in the ETF or the holders 
of the ETF Shares or on the value of the ETF Shares, or 
(iii) the ETF or any ETF Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, 
proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority 
involving any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of the ETF. 
(c) 
Consequences of an Extraordinary ETF Event 
If an Extraordinary ETF Event occurs, including any Additional Extraordinary ETF Event 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may 
take any of the actions (each an "Extraordinary ETF Event Action") described in 
subparagraphs (i) to (iii) inclusive below. 
(i) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer determines that the action taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETF Event 
is to be "Adjustment" then it may: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any one or more of any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in the case where the Notes are 
Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms 
of the Conditions, these ETF Linked Conditions and/or the Applicable 
Transaction Terms to account for the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event and 
determine the effective date of that adjustment. The relevant adjustments may 
include, without limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, 
expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the ETF Shares or 
to the Notes. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the 
appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the 
relevant Extraordinary ETF Event made by any options exchange to options 
on the ETF Shares traded on that options exchange; or 
(B) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the ETF 
Shares traded on such exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in its 
sole discretion shall select (the "Options Exchange"), require the Calculation 
Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any one or more of any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in the case where the Notes are 
Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms 
of the Conditions, these ETF Linked Conditions and/or the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, which adjustment will be effective as of the date 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be the effective date of the 
corresponding adjustment made by the Options Exchange. If options on the 
ETF Shares are not traded on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent 
will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset 
and/or the Entitlement (in the case where the Notes are Physical Delivery 
Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the Conditions, 
these ETF Linked Conditions and/or the Applicable Transaction Terms as the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate,

--- Page 201 ---
- 201 - 
with reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options 
Exchange to account for the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event, that in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise to an 
adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were so traded. 
(ii) 
Substitution 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETF 
Event is to be Substitution, the Calculation shall on or after the occurrence of any 
Extraordinary ETF Event, substitute each ETF Share (each an "Affected ETF Share)" 
of each ETF (each, an "Affected ETF") which is affected by such Extraordinary ETF 
Event with an ETF Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria for ETF Share 
selection set out below (each a "Substitute ETF Share") and the Substitute ETF Share 
will be deemed to be an "ETF Share" and the relevant issuer of such Substitute ETF 
Share, an "ETF" for the purposes of the Notes, and the Calculation Agent will make 
such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Entitlement (in the case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the 
Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the Conditions, these ETF Linked 
Conditions and/or the Applicable Transaction Terms as the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any 
amount payable under the Notes was to be determined by reference to an initial price 
(the Initial Price) of the Affected ETF Share, the relevant Initial Price of each 
Substitute ETF Share will be determined by trhe Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Initial Price = A x (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute ETF Share on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected ETF Share; and 
"C" is the fair market value of the relevant Affected ETF Share on the Subsitution Date 
(which may, where available, be determined by reference to the official closing price 
of the Affected Share on the relevant Exchange and/or such other source(s) as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate). 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the ETF Basket will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") in 
its sole and absolute discretion and specified in the notice referred to below which may, 
but need not, be the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute ETF Share will be equal to the Weighting of the 
relevant Affected ETF Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute ETF Share, the relevant share/unit/interest must 
satisfy the following criteria, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion: 
(A) 
where the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event is a Merger Event or a Tender 
Offer (a) in the case of ETF Shares related to a single ETF, and (b) in the case 
of ETF Shares related to an ETF Basket, the relevant share/unit/interest shall 
be an ordinary share/unit/interest of the entity or person that in the case of a 
Merger Event is the continuing entity in respect of the Merger Event or in the 
case of a Tender Offer is the entity making the Tender Offer provided that (i) 
the relevant share/unit/interest is not already included in the ETF Basket and 
(ii) it is or as of the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event Effective Date is 
promptly scheduled to be (x) publicly quoted, traded or listed on an exchange

--- Page 202 ---
- 202 - 
or quotation system located in the same country as the relevant Exchange (or, 
where the relevant Exchange is within the European Union or in the United 
Kingdom, in any member state of the European Union or in the United 
Kingdom) and (y) not subject to any currency exchange controls, trading 
restrictions or other trading limitations; or 
(B) 
(a) where the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event is a Merger Event or a Tender 
Offer and a share/unit/interest would otherwise satisfy the criteria set out in 
paragraph (A) above, but such share/unit/interest is (in the case of an ETF 
Share related to an ETF Basket), already included in the ETF Basket, or (b) 
where the Extraordinary ETF Event is not a Merger Event or a Tender Offer, 
an alternative exchange traded instrument which, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to the relevant ETF, including 
but not limited to, a comparable listing, investment objectives, investment 
restrictions and investment processes underlying asset pools and whose 
related parties are acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
if no alternative traded instrument can be determined pursuant to the 
preceding sub-paragraph (B) above, use reasonable endeavours to substitute 
the relevant ETF with an index (or a fund tracking an index) selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and 
(D) 
following any such substitution (a "Substitution"), in its sole and absolute 
discretion amend such of the Conditions, these ETF Linked Conditions and/or 
the Applicable Transaction Terms as it determines to be appropriate to take 
account of such Substitution, including to ensure the weighted average price 
referred to in (i) above (and any consequent rise or fall in value of the affected 
ETF Share since the Issue Date) is reflected in the terms of the Substitution. 
(iii) 
Termination 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETF 
Event is to be "Termination", upon the occurrence of a Termination Event the Issuer 
(i) shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes on the Termination Date by payment 
to each Noteholder of the Termination Amount. For avoidance of any doubt, the 
Termination Amount shall not accrue any interest from the date of its calculation to 
the Termination Date. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(a)(ii) (Accrual of interest) and 5(b)(ii) (Accrual of 
interest) (as the case may be), each Note shall cease to bear interest from and including 
the Calculated Extraordinary ETF Event Amount Determination Date and no interest 
amounts scheduled for payment thereafter (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
including any Specified Interest Amounts) shall be payable. 
(iv) 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETF Event, if the Issuer determines that an 
adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall give notice as 
soon as practicable (an "Extraordinary Event Notice") to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) stating the occurrence of such Extraordinary 
ETF Event (the date on which an Extraordinary Event Notice is given, an 
"Extraordinary ETF Event Notification Date"), giving details thereof and the action 
to be taken in relation thereto, including, in the case of a Substitution, the identity of 
the Substitute ETF Shares and the Substitution Date and, in the case of a Termination, 
details of any Termination Date and Termination Amount (where applicable), provided 
that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any 
such Extraordinary ETF Event or the proposed action.

--- Page 203 ---
- 203 - 
3. 
Correction of ETF Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment under the Notes calculated by reference to the price of an ETF 
Share, if the relevant price of the relevant ETF Share published on a given day and used or to be used by 
the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published by the relevant Exchange within the number of days equal to the ETF Share 
Correction Period of the original publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant ETF 
Share as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior 
to a due date for payment under the Notes calculated by reference to the price of an ETF Share will be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
4. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
This ETF Linked Condition 4 is applicable only if: 
(i) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in 
which case any payment under the Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-
in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) 
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in 
which case any payment under the Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-
out Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(b) 
Provided that: 
(i) 
if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day at any time during the one hour 
period that begins or ends at the Valuation Time a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out 
Event would otherwise have occurred and a Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption 
or Early Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event 
shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of this provision, 
no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the 
Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in 
Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation 
Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of each affected ETF Share 
as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with 
the provisions contained in the definition of Valuation Date; and 
(ii) 
if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms is any time/or period of time during the regular trading 
hours on the relevant Exchange other than the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day at any time during the one hour 
period that begins or ends at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation 
Time a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event would otherwise have occurred and a 
Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, then, the 
Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, 
provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or 
Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out 
Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the price of each affected ETF Share as at the Knock-in Valuation Time 
or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the 
definition of Valuation Date.

--- Page 204 ---
- 204 - 
5. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If "AER Value Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period 
if on any or all Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s), as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will, subject as 
provided in ETF Linked Condition 2(c), be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period and the Issuer shall redeem each Note at an 
amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
6. 
Definitions 
"Additional Extraordinary ETF Event" means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms) Change in Law, (ii) Failure to Deliver (in the case of notes to be redeemed by 
delivery), or (iii) any of Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, 
Insolvency Filing, Stop-Loss Event and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case if specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"AER Value Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is: 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Price, (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying, as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, being a term defined in 
Payout Condition 5.2 (Value Definitions). 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity 
directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes, control means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means an amount, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, being the Automatic Early Redemption Payout set out in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, or if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day, provided that 
no additional amount shall be payable to Holders as a result of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Payout" is as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment as provided in ETF Linked Condition 2(c)(i) 
above. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date as specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is 
a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding provisions in the definition of Valuation Date shall apply

--- Page 205 ---
- 205 - 
mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. 
If any such day is a Disrupted Day pursuant to the above, then: 
(a) 
If "Omission" is specified as applying in the Applicable Transaction Terms, then such date will 
be deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant level, price 
or amount, as applicable, provided that if through the operation of this provision no Averaging 
Date would occur, then the provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for purposes 
of determining the relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such 
Averaging Date were a Valuation Date; or 
(b) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the provisions 
of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant level, 
price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date 
irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would 
fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date, or 
(c) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the Applicable Transaction Terms then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are ETF Linked Notes relating to a single ETF, the Averaging Date 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first succeeding Valid 
Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to 
the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date 
that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have 
been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such 
Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level or price for that Averaging Date in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Valuation Date below; 
(ii) 
where the Notes are ETF Linked Notes relating to an ETF Basket, the Averaging Date 
for each ETF Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
originally designated Averaging Date (the "Scheduled Averaging Date") and the 
Averaging Date for each ETF Share affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) in relation to such ETF 
Share. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such ETF Share has not occurred 
for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence 
of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Averaging 
Date, then (A) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already 
an Averaging Date) in respect of such ETF Share, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant level, price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Valuation Date below; and

--- Page 206 ---
- 206 - 
(iii) 
for the purposes of these ETF Linked Conditions, "Valid Date" means a Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does 
not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms) (i) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion 
that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant ETF Share and/or (B) it will 
incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the ETF Linked Notes 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades 
in the relevant securities. 
"Clearance System Business Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event results in the Clearance System being unable 
to clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions. 
"Coupon Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(a) 
a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading 
session; or 
(b) 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange(s) or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day. 
"ETF" means any fund specified as being an Exchange Traded Fund in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, or if not so specified, any fund which the Calculation Agent determines to be an exchange traded 
fund. 
"ETF Basket" means a Basket comprising the ETF Shares in one or more ETFs specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"ETF Documents" means, with respect to any ETF Share, the offering documents in effect on the Trade 
Date specifiying among other things the terms and conditions relating to such ETF and for the avoidance 
of any doubt any other documents and agreements in respect of the ETF, as may be further described in 
any offering documents. 
"ETF Service Provider" means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide services, 
directly or indirectly, for such ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including any 
investment advisor or manager, fund adviser, fund administrator, operator, management company,

--- Page 207 ---
- 207 - 
depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent, 
domiciliary agent and any other person as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"ETF Share(s)" means, in respect of an ETF, a share or unit in such ETF. 
"ETF Share Correction Period" means the period specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or if 
none is so specified, one Settlement Cycle. 
"Exchange" means, in relation to a ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for 
such ETF Share in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the ETF Share has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to such ETF Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single ETF Share, Exchange Business Day 
(Single ETF Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a basket of ETFs or other assets, (a) Exchange Business 
Day (All ETF Shares Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per ETF Share Basis), in each case as 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, Exchange Business Day (Per All ETF Shares Basis) shall apply. 
"Exchange Business Day (All ETF Shares Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s) notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its (their) Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Per ETF Share Basis)" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of 
such ETF Share are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding 
any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its (their) Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single ETF Share Basis)" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are open for trading 
during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or 
relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its (their) Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for, the ETF Share on the Exchange or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, futures or options contracts on or relating to the ETF Share on any relevant Related 
Exchange. 
"Extraordinary ETF Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary ETF Event, the date 
on which such Extraordinary ETF Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion. 
"Failure to Deliver" means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, when due, the 
Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the 
market for such Relevant Assets. 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alia, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, 
an Affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
Notes or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a hypothetical investor, who shall be 
deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge Provider will hold or be

--- Page 208 ---
- 208 - 
deemed to hold such number of ETF Shares, or enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement to 
purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such number of ETF Shares as it (or 
in the case of a hypothetical investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a prudent issuer 
as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant Notes. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any of its Affiliates is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the fund price risk or any other 
relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer or the Guarantor, issuing 
and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, 
repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). Such event will not be applicable 
in the case of Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX. 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of ETF Shares that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates deems 
necessary to hedge the price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade 
Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, 
re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary 
to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, fund price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest 
rate risk) of the Issuer or the Guarantor, issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, 
or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. Such 
event will not be applicable in the case of Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX. 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to 
borrow any ETF Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the initial stock loan rate specified in 
relation to such ETF Share in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Insolvency Filing" means that an ETF institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or 
any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents 
to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy 
or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-
up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, 
provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the ETF 
shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, or otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or

--- Page 209 ---
- 209 - 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Price or (B) within the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in 
respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth 
in these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or in the event that the Applicable Transaction 
Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation 
Time. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, being a term defined 
in Payout Condition 5.2 (Value Definitions). 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, or otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than, 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to, 
(iii) 
less than or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to 
the Knock-out Price or (B) within the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) in 
respect of any Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Fund Business Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable

--- Page 210 ---
- 210 - 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with ETF Linked Condition 
2(c)(i). 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in these ETF Linked Condition 2(c)(i) (Consequences of an 
Extraordinary ETF Event - Adjustment) and ETF Linked Condition 2(b) (Extraordinary ETF Events). 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, in the event that the Applicable Transaction 
Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation 
Time. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, being a term 
defined in the Payout Condition 5.2 (Value Definitions). 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any ETF Share in an amount equal to the 
Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a 
Trading Disruption or (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines 
is material, at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-
in Event or a Knock-out Event, begins or ends at the time when the level of the relevant ETF Share 
triggers, respectively, the occurrence of the Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event or (b) in all other 
circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Number of NAV Publication Days" means (i) the number of calendar days specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, or (ii) if not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the maximum number of 
days after the due date for publication or reporting of the net asset value per ETF Share after which the 
ETF Service Provider or any entity fulfilling such role, howsoever described in the ETF Documents, or 
any other party acting on behalf of the ETF, may remedy any failure to publish or report the net asset 
value per ETF Share in accordance with the relevant ETF Documents and before the Calculation Agent 
may determine that an Extraordinary ETF Event has occurred. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is 
a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding provisions in the definition of Valuation Date shall apply 
mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to an ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such ETF Share in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options

--- Page 211 ---
- 211 - 
contracts relating to such ETF Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such 
ETF Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related 
Exchange), provided that where All Exchanges is specified as the Related Exchange in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, Related Exchange shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has 
a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options 
contracts relating to such ETF Share. 
"Relevant Price" means an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time 
or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may be, on the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or Averaging Date, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) quoted on the relevant 
Exchange for the relevant ETF Share or if such price cannot be so determined and the Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair 
market buying price at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, 
as the case may be, on the Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair 
market selling price at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, 
as the case may be, on the Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) for the ETF Share based, at the Calculation Agent's 
discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to 
it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of 
such ETF Share or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange on which an ETF Share is traded and/or 
listed, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single ETF and in relation to an ETF Share, 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETF Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of an ETF Basket, (a) Scheduled 
Trading Day (All ETF Shares Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Share Basis), in each case 
as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, Exchange Business Day (Per ETF Share Basis) shall apply. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All ETF Shares Basis)" means any day on which each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s). 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Share Basis)" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any day on which 
the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such ETF Share are scheduled to 
be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s). 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETF Share Basis)" means any day on which the relevant Exchange 
and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s). 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any day which but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day would 
have been a Valuation Date. 
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, or any successor page or 
service thereto.

--- Page 212 ---
- 212 - 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the period of Clearance System Business Days 
following a trade in the ETF Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according 
to the rules of such Exchange. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Observation Date, Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day, as the case may be, (A) if Averaging is not specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the Relevant Price for the relevant Settlement Price Date, or (B) if Averaging is 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Prices of the single 
ETF on each Averaging Date, or, in the case of an ETF Basket, either the arithmetic mean of the Relevant 
Prices for each ETF on each Averaging Date or (C) if Averaging (Per ETF) is specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Prices of the relevant ETF on each Averaging 
Date, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Settlement Price Date" means any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may 
be. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means five (5) Scheduled Trading Days or such other 
number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Stop-Loss Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the price of any ETF Share as quoted on the 
relevant Exchange for such ETF Share at any time or the Scheduled Closing Time, as specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, on any Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of 
such ETF Share on or after the Trade Date or, if later the Strike Date, is less than 5 per cent., or such 
percentage specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, of its Settlement Price or, if no Settlement 
Price is stipulated in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the price given as the benchmark price for such 
ETF Share in the Applicable Transaction Terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, as may be adjusted 
in accordance with the definition of Valuation Date below, provided that: 
in the case of ETF Linked Notes relating to a ETF Basket, if the Strike Date for any ETF Share forming 
part of the ETF Basket is specified to be the Trade Date (subject, for the avoidance of doubt, to any 
adjustments relating to the Strike Date that are set out in the Applicable Transaction Terms) then: 
(i) if the Strike Date for any ETF Share forming part of the ETF Basket is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the Strike Date for such ETF Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; unless (ii) in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then 
the Strike Date for such ETF Share, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day in respect of such ETF Share forming part of the ETF Basket unless each of the number 
of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of such ETF Share. 
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date 
for the relevant ETF Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to 
such ETF Share, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of the ETF Share as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating the price of that ETF Share last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each ETF Share comprised in that ETF Basket (or, if an event 
giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant ETF Share on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant ETF Share as of 
the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise in accordance 
with the above provisions. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms.

--- Page 213 ---
- 213 - 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Termination Amount" means amount equal to the fair market value of a Note taking into account the 
relevant Extraordinary ETF Event, less (except for Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or on 
EuroTLX) the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as soon as 
practicable following the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event (the "Calculated 
Extraordinary ETF Event Amount Determination Date"). 
"Termination Date" means (i) the date determined by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt shall 
be any date determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion) and specified in the notice given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Trading Disruption" means, in relation to an ETF Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements 
in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or otherwise (i) 
relating to the ETF Share on the Exchange; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the ETF Share 
on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means the Coupon Valuation Date, Strike Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, 
as the case may be, specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of ETF Linked Notes relating to a single ETF Share, the Valuation Date shall be the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number 
of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Settlement Price in accordance with its good faith estimate of the Settlement Price 
as of the Valuation Time on that the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in the case of ETF Linked Notes relating to a Basket of ETF Shares, the Valuation Date for each 
ETF Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation 
Date, and the Valuation Date for each ETF Share affected (each an "Affected Item") by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not 
a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that 
case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation 
Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price using its good faith estimate of the 
value for the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
"Valuation Time" in relation to an ETF Share means either (i) the close of trading on the Exchange or 
(ii) as otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Weighting", in relation to an ETF Share, the weighting to be applied to it as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or if no weighting is so specified then no such weighting shall apply.

--- Page 214 ---
- 214 - 
ANNEX 4 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Fund Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(the "Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions set out below (the "Fund Linked Note Conditions"), 
in each case subject to completion in the Applicable Transaction Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between 
the Conditions and the Fund Linked Note Conditions, the Fund Linked Note Conditions shall prevail. In the event 
of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or the Fund Linked Note Conditions and (ii) the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or the Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be), the Applicable Transaction Terms or the 
Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) shall prevail.  
1. 
Definitions 
"Additional Extraordinary Fund Event" means any event specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms; 
"AUM" means, assets under management; 
"AUM Level" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, or if not so specified, 
with respect to (i) a Mutual Fund, EUR 50,000,000, or (ii) a Hedge Fund, EUR 50,000,000, or (iii) an 
ETF, EUR 50,000,000 or the equivalent in any other currency; 
"Basket Trigger Event" means that an Extraordinary Fund Event (as defined below) occurs in respect 
of one or more Funds comprising the Fund Basket which has or, in the event that an Extraordinary Fund 
Event has occurred in respect of more than one Fund, together have, a weighting (as may be specified in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms) in the Fund Basket equal to or greater than the Basket Trigger Level; 
"Basket Trigger Level" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms or if not so 
specified, 50%; 
"Calculation Date" means each day specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, or if not so specified, 
each day which is a Fund Business Day; 
"Disrupted Day" means, in the case of an ETF, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(a) 
a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading 
session; or 
(b) 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
"Early Closure" means, in the case of an ETF, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant 
Exchange(s) or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing 
time is announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) 
or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders 
to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day; 
"ETF" or "Exchange Traded Fund" means any Fund specified as being an Exchange Traded Fund in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms, or if not so specified, any Fund which the Calculation Agent 
determines to be an exchange traded fund; 
"ETF Price" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the price per Fund 
Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on 
such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date; 
"Exchange" means, in the case of an ETF and in relation to a Fund Share, each exchange or quotation 
system specified as such for such Fund Share in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the 
Fund Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to such Fund Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Exchange);

--- Page 215 ---
- 215 - 
"Exchange Business Day" means in the case of an ETF, either (i) in the case of a single Fund Share, 
Exchange Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a basket of Funds or other assets, 
(a) Exchange Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per Fund Share 
Basis), in each case as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, provided that, if no such 
specification is made in the Applicable Transaction Terms, Exchange Business Day (Per Fund Share 
Basis) shall apply; 
"Exchange Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s) notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its (their) Scheduled 
Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Fund Share, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of 
such Fund Share are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding 
any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its (their) Scheduled Closing 
Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Fund Share, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are open for trading 
during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or 
relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its (their) Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in the case of an ETF, any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general 
(i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Fund Share on the Exchange or (ii) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts on or relating to the Fund Share 
on any relevant Related Exchange; 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Fund Event, the 
date on which such Extraordinary Fund Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; 
"Fee" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Final Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Floating Rate Payer" has the meaning given in the ISDA Definitions; 
"Fund" means each Mutual Fund, Hedge Fund, Private Equity Fund or ETF; 
"Fund Basket" means, where the Fund Linked Notes are linked to the performance of Fund Shares 
(including, if applicable, Fund Shares in one or more ETFs) of more than one Fund, a basket comprising 
such Fund Shares; 
"Fund Business Day" means either (i) with respect to a single Fund, (a) in respect of a Fund other than 
an ETF, Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis), or (b) in respect of an ETF, each Scheduled 
Trading Day, or (ii) in respect of a Fund Basket, (a) in respect of a Fund Basket not comprised of Fund 
Shares of ETFs, either Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis) or Fund Business Day (Per Fund 
Share Basis) as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, provided that, if no such specification is 
made in the Applicable Transaction Terms, Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) shall apply, or 
(b) in respect of a Fund Basket comprised of ETFs, a day which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect 
of each Fund Share comprising the Fund Basket; 
"Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)" means, with respect to a Fund Basket, a date (i) that is 
a Fund Valuation Date for all Fund Shares comprised in the Fund Basket, (ii) for which there has been a 
corresponding Fund Reporting Date in respect of each such Fund and (iii) on which the Hedge Provider 
has, or could have, a subscription or redemption order for each such Fund Share executed at the NAV 
per Fund Share as published on the relevant Fund Reporting Date or as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be;

--- Page 216 ---
- 216 - 
"Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis)" means, with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) that is a 
Fund Valuation Date in respect of such Fund Share, (ii) for which there has been a corresponding Fund 
Reporting Date and (iii) on which the Hedge Provider has, or could have, a subscription or redemption 
order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share as published on the relevant Fund 
Reporting Date or as calculated by the Calculation Agent, as the case may be; 
"Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)" means with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) that is 
a Fund Valuation Date, (ii) for which there has been a corresponding Fund Reporting Date and (iii) on 
which the Hedge Provider has, or could have, a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares 
executed at the NAV per Fund Share published on the relevant Fund Reporting Date; 
"Fund Documents" means, unless specified otherwise in the Applicable Transaction Terms, with respect 
to any Fund Share, the offering document of the relevant Fund in effect on the Hedging Date specifying, 
among other matters, the terms and conditions relating to such Fund Share and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any other documents or agreements in respect of the Fund, as further described in any Fund 
Document; 
"Fund Reporting Date" means, subject to the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, in respect of 
any Fund Share and a Fund Valuation Date, the date on which, in accordance with the Fund Documents, 
the relevant NAV per Fund Share or Aggregate Fund Shares NAV, as the case may be, is reported or 
published in respect of such Fund Valuation Date; 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, in respect of such Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, 
including any adviser, manager, administrator, operator, management company, depository, custodian, 
sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent, 
sponsor or general partner and any other person specified as such in the Pricing Supplement; 
"Fund Share(s)" means an ownership interest issued to or held by an investor in a Fund or any other 
interest specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Fund Valuation Date" means any date as of which, in accordance with the Fund Documents, the Fund 
(or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) is or, but for the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event, would have been scheduled to determine the NAV per Fund Share or 
Aggregate Fund Shares NAV, as the case may be; 
"Hedge Fund" means the hedge fund(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, 
an affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
Fund Linked Notes or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a Hypothetical Investor, 
who shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge Provider will 
hold or be deemed to hold such number of Fund Shares, or enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement 
to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such number of Fund Shares as it 
(or in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a prudent 
issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant Notes; 
"Hedging Date" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in a Fund Share which is deemed to have the benefits and 
obligations, as provided in the relevant Fund Documents, of an investor holding a Fund Share at the 
relevant time. The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be resident or 
organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation 
Agent or any of their affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant 
situation); 
"Implied Embedded Option Value" means an amount which may never be less than zero equal to the 
present value as at the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date of any future payments 
under the Fund Linked Notes determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
taking into account, without limitation, such factors as interest rates, the net proceeds achievable from

--- Page 217 ---
- 217 - 
the sale of any Fund Shares by the Hedge Provider, the volatility of the Fund Shares and transaction 
costs; 
"Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date" means the date determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be the first date on which it is possible to determine the Implied Embedded Option Value 
following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event for which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor determines the relevant action is to be Termination (as defined below); 
"Initial Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, or if 
not so specified, the Hedging Date; 
"Market Disruption Event" means, if the Fund is an ETF, in respect of a Fund Share the occurrence or 
existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation 
Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event, begins or ends at the time when the level of the 
relevant Fund Share triggers, respectively, the occurrence of the Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event or 
(b) in all other circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure; 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares and Entity (as defined below), any (i) 
reclassification or change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an Entity with or into another entity or person (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange in which such Entity, 
is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares 
outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by 
any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100% of the outstanding Shares of an Entity that 
results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares 
owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share/unit/interest exchange of an Entity or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which 
the Entity is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such 
Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such 
other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50% of the outstanding 
Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, is on or before the Final Calculation Date. For the purposes of 
this definition "Merger Event" only, "Shares" shall mean the applicable Fund Shares or the shares of any 
applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require, and "Entity" shall mean the applicable 
Fund or any applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require; 
"Mutual Fund" means the mutual fund(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"NAV per Fund Share" means, with respect to the relevant Fund Shares and the Fund Reporting Date 
relating to such Fund Shares, (i) the net asset value per Fund Share as of the relevant Fund Valuation 
Date, as reported on such Fund Reporting Date by the Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or 
reports such value on behalf of the Fund to its investors or a publishing service, or (ii) if the Fund Service 
Provider of the Fund publishes or reports only the aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares (the 
"Aggregate Fund Shares NAV"), the net asset value per Fund Share calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the basis of such aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares divided by the number of Fund Shares 
issued and outstanding as of the relevant Fund Valuation Date; 
"NAV Trigger Event" means, in respect of the Fund Shares, that (i) the NAV per Fund Share has 
decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger Percentage(s) at any time during the 
related NAV Trigger Period as compared to the NAV per Fund Share on the first day of the NAV Trigger 
Period which will be defined to be a Fund Valuation Date, or (ii) the Fund has violated any leverage 
restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or 
judgement of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund 
Documents or any other contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets; 
"NAV Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if 
not so specified, with respect to (i) a Mutual Fund, 50%, or (ii) a Hedge Fund, 50%, or (iii) an ETF, 50%;

--- Page 218 ---
- 218 - 
"NAV Trigger Period" means the period specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, or if not so 
specified the period from and including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final Calculation 
Date; 
"Non-Principal Protected Termination Amount" means an amount per Security determined by the 
sum of: 
(i) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value; and 
(ii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified as being 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Simple Interest; 
"Number of NAV Publication Days" means the number of calendar days specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or if not so specified, with respect to (i) a Mutual Fund, five calendar days, or (ii) a 
Hedge Fund, ten calendar days, or (iii) an ETF, five calendar days; 
"Principal Protected Termination Amount" means an amount per Fund Linked Note determined as 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the Protected Amount; 
(ii) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value; and 
(iii) 
if delayed redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified as being 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Simple Interest; 
"Private Equity Fund" means the private equity fund(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Related Exchange" means, in the case of an ETF and in relation to a Fund Share, each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such for such Fund Share in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Fund Share has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or 
options contracts relating to such Fund Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related 
Exchange in the Applicable Transaction Terms, Related Exchange shall mean each exchange or 
quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the 
overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Fund Share; 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
session hours; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single ETF and in relation to a Fund Share, 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Fund Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a basket of ETFs, (a) Scheduled 
Trading Day (All Fund Shares Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Fund Share Basis), in each case 
as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, Exchange Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) shall apply; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Fund Share Basis)" means any day on which each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Fund Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Fund Share, any day on which 
the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such Fund Share are scheduled to 
be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s);

--- Page 219 ---
- 219 - 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Fund Share Basis)" means any day on which the relevant Exchange 
and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date; 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Valuation Date or Averaging Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day, as the case may be in the case of an ETF, an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price 
at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may be, 
on the Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Fund Share on (a) if Averaging is not 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, an Averaging Date (or if, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or 
Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may be, on the Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or such Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) cannot be so determined and the 
Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying 
price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out 
Valuation Time, as the case may be, on the Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or such Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or 
the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation 
Time, as the case may be, on the Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-
in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if 
so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) for the Fund Share based, at the Calculation Agent's 
discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to 
it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of 
such Fund Share or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide); 
"Simple Interest" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount of interest 
that would accrue on the Implied Embedded Option Value during the period from (and including) the 
Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date to (and including) the Final Calculation Date 
calculated on the basis that such interest were payable by the Floating Rate Payer under an interest rate 
swap transaction incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions under which: 
(A) 
the "Effective Date" is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date; 
(B) 
the "Termination Date" is the Termination Date; 
(C) 
the "Floating Rate Payer Payment Date" is the Termination Date; 
(D) 
the "Floating Rate Option" is EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if the Settlement Currency is EUR) 
or USD-LIBOR-BBA (if the Settlement Currency is USD); 
(E) 
the "Designated Maturity" is three months; 
(F) 
the "Simple Interest Spread" is as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, or if not so 
specified minus 0.125%; 
(G) 
the "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" is Actual/360; 
(H) 
the "Reset Date" is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date and each date 
falling three calendar months after the previous Reset Date; and 
(I) 
"Compounding" is "Inapplicable";

--- Page 220 ---
- 220 - 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days; 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having 
the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50% and less than 100% of the outstanding 
voting shares, units or interests of the Fund or Fund Service Provider, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other 
information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant; 
"Termination Amount" means the amount specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or if not so 
specified, (x) the Principal Protected Termination Amount, or (y) the Non-Principal Protected 
Termination Amount, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Termination Date" means (i) the date specified in the Application Transaction Terms, or (ii) if Delayed 
Redemption on the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, such delayed date as will be specified by the Issuer in a notice 
to Holders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), hereof; 
"Trade Date" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Trading Disruption" means, in the case of an ETF and in relation to a Fund Share, any suspension of 
or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether 
by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to the Fund Share on the Exchange or (ii) in futures or options contracts 
relating to the Fund Share on any relevant Related Exchange; and 
"Valuation Time" in the case of an ETF and in relation to a Fund Share means either (i) the close of 
trading on the Exchange or (ii) as otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
2. 
Extraordinary Fund Events 
Subject to the provisions of Fund Linked Note Condition 3 (Determination of Extraordinary Fund 
Events), "Extraordinary Fund Event" means the occurrence or continuance at any time on or after the 
Trade Date of any of the following events as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
Global Events: 
2.1 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider: 
(i) 
ceases trading and/or, in the case of a Fund Service Provider, ceases administration, portfolio 
management, investment services, custodian services, prime brokerage, or any other relevant 
business (as applicable); 
(ii) 
is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(iii) 
makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; 
(iv) 
(1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with 
primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, proceedings seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up 
or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted against 
it proceedings seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceedings or petition is instituted or 
presented by a person or entity not described in sub-clause (iv) (1) above and either (x) results 
in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of 
an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof;

--- Page 221 ---
- 221 - 
(v) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets; 
(vi) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against 
all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process 
is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or 
(vii) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the events specified in sub-clauses (i) to (vi) 
above; or 
2.2 
the occurrence of a Merger Event or Tender Offer; 
Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events: 
2.3 
there exists any litigation against the Fund or a Fund Service Provider which in the sole and absolute 
discretion of the Calculation Agent could materially affect the value of the Fund Shares or the rights or 
remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares; or 
2.4 
 
(i) 
an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the Fund, or any Fund 
Service Provider, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent reasonably 
determines that any such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred; or 
(ii) 
any investigative, judicial, administrative or other civil or criminal proceedings are commenced 
or threatened against the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any key personnel of such entities 
if such allegation, determination, suspicion or proceedings could, in the sole and absolute 
discretion of the Calculation Agent, materially affect the value of the Fund Shares or the rights 
or remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares; 
Fund Service Provider/Key Person Events: 
2.5 
 
(i) 
a Fund Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the Fund and is not 
immediately replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
and/or 
(ii) 
any event occurs which causes, or will with the passage of time (in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent) cause, the failure of the Fund and/or any Fund Service Provider to meet or maintain any 
obligation or undertaking under the Fund Documents which failure is reasonably likely to have 
an adverse impact on the value of the Fund Shares or on the rights or remedies of any investor 
in such Fund Shares; or 
2.6 
one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the Fund or a Fund Service 
Provider ceases to act in such capacity, and the relevant Fund Service Provider fails to appoint a 
replacement having similar qualifications to those of the key individual or individuals ceasing to act; 
Modification Events: 
2.7 
a material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, investment restrictions, 
investment processes or investment guidelines of the Fund (howsoever described, including the 
underlying type of assets in which the Fund invests) from those set out in the Fund Documents, or any 
announcement regarding a potential modification or deviation, except where such modification or 
deviation is of a formal, minor or technical nature; 
2.8 
a material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), or any announcement 
regarding a potential future material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described) 
of the type of assets (i) in which the Fund invests or (ii) the Fund purports to track;

--- Page 222 ---
- 222 - 
2.9 
a material modification or any announcement regarding a potential future material modification of the 
Fund (including, but not limited to, a material modification of the Fund Documents or to the Fund's 
liquidity terms) other than a modification or event which does not affect the Fund Shares or the Fund or 
any portfolio of assets to which the Fund Share relates (either alone or in common with other Fund Shares 
issued by the Fund); 
2.10 
the creation by the Fund of any illiquid share class or unit howsoever described; 
2.11 
the currency denomination of the Fund Shares is amended from that set out in the Fund Documents so 
that the NAV per Fund Share is no longer calculated in the same currency as it was as at the Trade Date; 
2.12 
if applicable, the Fund ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the legislation of its 
relevant jurisdiction; or 
2.13 
following the issue or creation of a new class or series (howsoever described in the Fund Documents) of 
shares or units by the Fund, the Calculation Agent determines taking into consideration the potential 
cross-liability between classes of shares or units (howsoever described in the Fund Documents) that such 
new class or series has or may have an adverse effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge Provider in 
relation to the Notes; 
NAV per Fund Share/AUM Level Events: 
2.14 
a material modification of the method of calculating the NAV per Fund Share or, as the case may be, the 
Aggregate Fund Shares NAV; 
2.15 
any change in the periodicity of the calculation or the publication of the NAV per Fund Share or, as the 
case may be, the Aggregate Fund Shares NAV; 
2.16 
any suspension of the calculation or publication of the NAV per Fund Share or, as the case may be, the 
Aggregate Fund Shares NAV; 
2.17 
the occurrence of any event affecting a Fund Share that, in the sole and absolute discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine 
the NAV per Fund Share; 
2.18 
any of the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any other party acting on behalf of the Fund fails for any 
reason to calculate and publish the NAV per Fund Share or, as the case may be, the Aggregate Fund 
Shares NAV within the Number of NAV Publication Days following any date scheduled for the 
determination of the valuation of the Fund Shares unless the cause of such failure to publish is of a 
technical nature and outside the immediate and direct control of the entity responsible for such 
publication; 
2.19 
any Fund Service Provider uses asset prices provided by the investment manager (howsoever described 
in the Fund Documents) to calculate the NAV per Fund Share or, as the case may be, the Aggregate Fund 
Shares NAV when such asset prices could have been obtained from independent sources and the asset 
prices from independent sources materially diverge from the asset prices provided by the investment 
manager (howsoever described in the Fund Documents); 
2.20 
the assets under management of the Fund fall below the AUM Level; 
2.21 
(i) the Calculation Agent determines, at any time, that the NAV per Fund Share or, as the case may be, 
the Aggregate Fund Shares NAV is inaccurate, or (ii) the reported net asset value of the Fund Shares 
misrepresents the net asset value of the Fund Shares; 
2.22 
a NAV Trigger Event occurs; or 
2.23 
(i) in the case of a Hedge Fund only, the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund 
Share or, as the case may be, the Aggregate Fund Shares NAV is different from the audited net asset 
value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund Share or, as the case may be, the Aggregate Fund Shares 
NAV communicated by the relevant Fund Service Provider in respect of the same date, (ii) the auditors 
of the Fund qualify any audit report, or refuse to provide an unqualified audit report, in respect of the 
Fund, and/or (iii) the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, does not deem the audited

--- Page 223 ---
- 223 - 
net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund Share or, as the case may be, the Aggregate Fund 
Shares NAV to be representative of the actual net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund Share 
or, as the case may be, the Aggregate Fund Shares NAV; 
Reporting Events: 
2.24 
any failure of the Fund, or its authorised representative, to deliver or publish, or cause to be delivered or 
published, (i) information that the Fund has agreed to deliver or publish, or agreed to cause to be delivered 
or published, to the Calculation Agent or Hedge Provider, or (ii) information that has been previously 
delivered to the Hedge Provider or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the Fund's, 
or its authorised representative's, normal practice and that the Hedge Provider deems necessary for it or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to monitor such Fund's compliance with any investment guidelines, 
asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the Fund Share; or 
2.25 
any Fund Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a reasonable time, with any 
information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably requested regarding the investment portfolio or 
other activities or undertakings of the Fund; 
Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events: 
2.26 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations relating 
to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any hedging arrangements entered 
into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Notes (a "Tax Event") and, subject as provided below, the 
Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar month following the day the relevant Tax Event became 
known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax Event by seeking 
to transfer such hedging arrangements to an affiliated company, provided that the Hedge Provider shall 
not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or 
expense of any kind and the period set out above for such mitigation shall be deemed satisfied on any 
date it is or becomes apparent at any time that there is no practicable means of mitigating the Tax Event; 
or 
2.27 
 
(i) 
any relevant activities of or in relation to the Fund or a Fund Service Provider are or become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any 
present or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, in any 
applicable jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, any cancellation, suspension or revocation 
of the registration or approval of the Fund by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with 
authority over the Fund); 
(ii) 
a relevant authorisation or licence is revoked, lapses or is under review by a competent authority 
in respect of the Fund or a Fund Service Provider or new conditions are imposed, or existing 
conditions varied, with respect to any such authorisation or licence; 
(iii) 
the Fund is required by a competent authority to redeem any Fund Shares; 
(iv) 
the Hedge Provider is required by a competent authority or any other relevant entity to dispose 
of or compulsorily redeem any Fund Shares held in connection with any hedging arrangements 
relating to the Notes; and/or 
(v) 
any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of the Fund or any Fund Service 
Provider that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the Fund Shares or 
other activities or undertakings of the Fund or on the rights or remedies of any investor in such 
Fund Shares, including any Hedge Provider; 
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events (provided that such events will not be applicable in 
the case of Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX if so specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms): 
2.28 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Fund Linked Notes, as a result of any adoption 
of, or any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after the Trade

--- Page 224 ---
- 224 - 
Date, or issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any change in the interpretation, whether formal 
or informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any 
law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such date or as a result of any other 
relevant event (each a "Relevant Event") it would become unlawful or impractical for the Hedge 
Provider to hold (including, without limitation, circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider to modify 
any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement or that would adversely affect the amount of 
regulatory capital that would have to be maintained in respect of any holding of Fund Shares or that 
would subject a holder of the Fund Shares or the Hedge Provider to any loss), purchase or sell the relevant 
Fund Shares or any underlying assets of or related to the Fund or for the Hedge Provider to maintain such 
hedging arrangements and, subject as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one 
calendar week following the day the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to 
mitigate the effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to an affiliated 
company, provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any 
steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period of one calendar week 
set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes at any time apparent that there is no 
practicable means of mitigating the Relevant Event; 
2.29 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Fund Linked Notes, if the cost to the Hedge 
Provider in relation to the Fund Linked Notes and the related hedging arrangements (including, but not 
limited to, new or increased taxes, duties, expenses or fees) would be materially increased or the Hedge 
Provider would be subject to a material loss relating to the Fund Linked Notes and the related hedging 
arrangements; 
2.30 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Fund Linked Notes, the Hedge Provider is 
unable or it becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset it deems necessary or appropriate to hedge the 
Issuer's obligations under the Notes; or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction 
or asset, including, without limitation, where such inability or impracticability has arisen by reason of 
(A) any restrictions or increase in charges or fees imposed by the Fund on any investor's ability to redeem 
a Fund Share, in whole or in part, or any existing or new investor's ability to make new or additional 
investments in such Fund Share, or (B) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such Fund 
Share; or 
2.31 
at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would incur an 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, capital 
and/or funding costs, expenses or fees (other than brokerage commissions) to maintain the Fund Linked 
Notes; 
Dealing/Listing Events: 
2.32 
 
(i) 
the non-execution or partial-execution by the Fund for any reason of a subscription or 
redemption order in respect of any Fund Shares (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, any 
non-execution by the Fund pending completion of its fiscal audit); 
(ii) 
the Fund suspends or refuses transfers of any of its Fund Shares (including, without limitation, 
if the Fund applies any gating, deferral, suspension or other similar provisions permitting the 
Fund to delay or refuse redemption or transfer of Fund Shares); 
(iii) 
the Fund imposes in whole or in part any restriction (including, without limitation, any 
redemption in specie), charge or fee in respect of a redemption or subscription of its Fund Shares 
by the Hedge Provider or exercises its right to claw back the proceeds already paid on redeemed 
Fund Shares, if in any case it could in the sole and absolute determination of the Calculation 
Agent have an adverse impact on the Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to its 
hedging activities in relation to the Notes;  
(iv) 
a mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of the Fund Shares is imposed by the Fund on any 
one or more holders of Fund Shares at any time for any reason; or 
(v) 
in the case of an ETF, the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such 
Exchange, the relevant Fund Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted

--- Page 225 ---
- 225 - 
on the Exchange for any reason and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on (i) 
where the Exchange is located in the United States, any of the New York Stock Exchange, the 
American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or their respective 
successors) or otherwise (ii) a comparable exchange or quotation system located in the same 
country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a member 
state of the European Union). 
Miscellaneous Events: 
2.33 
the occurrence of any Additional Extraordinary Fund Event; 
2.34 
in the case of Fund Linked Notes linked to a Fund Basket, a Basket Trigger Event occurs; 
2.35 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider defaults under, materially modifies or terminates any rebate 
agreements in place with the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Hedge Provider or any of its affiliates; 
2.36 
if the Fund is part of an umbrella structure with more than one sub-fund, a cross-contamination or other 
failure to segregate the portfolio of assets held by the Fund occurs between different series, classes and/or 
sub-funds; or 
2.37 
any security granted by the Fund or any Fund Service Provider over any of its assets is enforced or 
becomes capable of being enforced or any arrangement which in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent is comparable to security over any such assets (including without limitation any repo or prime 
brokerage arrangement) becomes enforceable or capable of early termination or any derivatives, repo, 
securities lending or other trading or dealing arrangement relating to the assets of the Fund becomes 
enforceable or terminable early by reason of any event of default (howsoever described) relating to the 
Fund or the relevant Fund Service Provider. 
References solely in this Fund Security Condition 2 (Extraordinary Fund Events) to: 
(i) 
"Fund" shall include the Fund and any funds in which it invests any of its investible assets from 
time to time; 
(ii) 
"Fund Shares" shall include the Fund Shares and the shares or units in any Fund (as defined in 
paragraph (i) above); and 
(iii) 
in the case of a Private Equity Fund only, "Extraordinary Fund Event" shall have the meaning 
given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
3. 
Determination of Extraordinary Fund Events 
The Calculation Agent will determine if an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. Where the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances is 
capable of triggering more than one Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor may determine which Extraordinary Fund Event is to be triggered, in its sole and absolute 
discretion. 
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers an Extraordinary Fund 
Event, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, from the Trade Date, of any event 
or set of circumstances, as the case may be, if such event or set of circumstances occurs more than once. 
4. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Fund Event 
4.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred, the Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after having been notified of such 
determination by the Calculation Agent, give notice ("Extraordinary Fund Event Notice") to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) of the occurrence 
of such Extraordinary Fund Event (the date on which an Extraordinary Fund Event Notice is given, an 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date") and set out, if determined at that time, the action that 
it has determined to take in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event pursuant to Fund Linked Note 
Condition 4.2 below. Where the action that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor has 
determined to take is not, for whatever reason, set out in the Extraordinary Fund Event Notice, the action

--- Page 226 ---
- 226 - 
that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor has determined to take shall be set out in a subsequent 
notice given to Holders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable after 
the Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date. 
For such purposes, an Extraordinary Fund Event shall be considered to be "continuing" if it has not been 
remedied to the reasonable satisfaction of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor. 
The Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall provide Holders with an Extraordinary Fund Event 
Notice as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination of an Extraordinary Fund Event. 
However, neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss, 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by any Holder or any other person in 
connection with the Notes as a result of any delay, howsoever arising. If the Issuer or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor gives an Extraordinary Fund Event Notice, it shall have no obligation to make any 
payment or delivery in respect of the Fund Linked Notes until it has determined the action that it has 
determined to take pursuant to Fund Linked Note Condition 4.2 below. 
4.2 
Following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action described below in (a), (b), (c) or (d). 
(a) 
No Action 
If the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor in its sole and absolute discretion determines 
that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be "No Action", then 
the Fund Linked Notes shall continue and there shall be no amendment to the Terms and 
Conditions and/or the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(b) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor in its sole and absolute discretion determines 
that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be "Adjustment", 
then the Calculation Agent acting on instructions from the Issuer (or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor) may determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the appropriate adjustment(s), if 
any, to be made to any of the terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the Applicable 
Transaction Terms (including adjusting any Fee) to take account of the economic effect of the 
Extraordinary Fund Event and determine the effective date of such adjustment. 
(c) 
Substitution 
If the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor in its sole and absolute discretion determines 
that the action in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be "Substitution", the 
Calculation Agent shall: 
(i) 
determine the weighted average price at which a Hypothetical Investor can redeem the 
Fund Shares in the relevant Fund in such number as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as soon as it is reasonably practicable 
following the Extraordinary Fund Event; 
(ii) 
for a period of no longer than 14 calendar days following the date on which a 
Hypothetical Investor would have received proceeds from a redemption order in full 
submitted by the Hedge Provider as soon as practicable following the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event, use reasonable efforts to substitute the Fund Shares with 
shares, units or other similar interests in an alternative fund which, in the sole and 
absolute determination of the Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to the 
relevant Fund, including, but not limited to, comparable investment objectives, 
investment restrictions and investment processes and has service providers acceptable 
to the Calculation Agent; and 
(iii) 
if no alternative fund can be determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (ii) above, use 
reasonable efforts to substitute the Fund with an index (or a fund tracking such index) 
selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion,

--- Page 227 ---
- 227 - 
and following any substitution in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii) above, the Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor may, in its sole and absolute discretion, require the 
Calculation Agent to make such determinations and/or adjustments to these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the Applicable Transaction Terms as it determines to be appropriate to take 
account of such Substitution. 
(d) 
Termination 
If the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor determines that the action to be taken in 
respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be "Termination", on giving notice to Holders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which such notice may be included in the 
Extraordinary Fund Event Notice in respect of the relevant Extraordinary Fund Event) the 
outstanding Fund Linked Notes shall be redeemed by payment of the Termination Amount on 
the Termination Date. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(e) 
General 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of an Extraordinary Fund Event, neither the 
Issuer nor the Guarantor is under any duty to consider the interests of Holders or any other 
person. In making any determination as to which action to take following the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event, neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the Calculation Agent shall be 
responsible for any loss (including any liability in respect of interest), underperformance or 
opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Holders or any other person in connection with the 
Fund Linked Notes as a result of any such determination, howsoever such loss may arise 
including as a result of any delay in making any payment or delivery in respect of the Fund 
Linked Notes. 
5. 
Maturity Date/Automatic Early Redemption Date/Termination Date Extension 
If on the date falling two Business Days prior to the originally designated Maturity Date, Automatic 
Early Redemption Date or Termination Date, as the case may be, the Hedge Provider has not, after having 
placed one or more redemption orders in respect of its holding of Fund Shares in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Fund Documents, received redemption proceeds in full in respect of such Fund 
Shares (the "Redemption Proceeds"), the Calculation Agent may postpone the Maturity Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Date or Termination Date, as the case may be, and notify the Holders 
thereof in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
As soon as practicable following receipt by the Hedge Provider of the Redemption Proceeds, the 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (such notice 
the "Delayed Payment Notice") and each Fund Linked Note shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
the Delayed Payment Notice (such date, the "Postponed Settlement Date") at its Redemption Amount.

--- Page 228 ---
- 228 - 
ANNEX 5 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Credit Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(the "Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions set out below (the "Credit Linked Conditions"), in 
each case subject to completion and/or amendment in the Applicable Transaction Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Conditions and the Credit Linked Conditions, the Credit Linked Conditions shall 
prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or the Credit Linked Conditions and (ii) 
the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Applicable Transaction Terms shall prevail. 
Where Restructuring is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as being an applicable Credit Event and 
Credit Linked Condition 13 (Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event) is applicable, there may be 
more than one Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the same Reference Entity as further described in 
Credit Linked Condition 13 (Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event) below. References below to a 
numbered Condition are to such numbered section of the Conditions and references to a numbered Credit Linked 
Condition are to such numbered section as set out in these Credit Linked Conditions. 
Defined terms used in these Credit Linked Conditions or the related section of the Applicable Transaction Terms 
where the same term may be used in another Annex to the Conditions (e.g. Valuation Date) shall have the 
meanings given in these Credit Linked Conditions or in the section of the Applicable Transaction Terms relating 
to Credit Linked Notes. 
Unless otherwise stated in these Credit Linked Conditions or in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in the event 
that any day specified in the section "Credit Linked Conditions" in the Applicable Transaction Terms or the last 
day of any period calculated by reference to calendar days falls on a day that is not a Business Day, such day or 
last day shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention. 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes for which more than one Reference Entity is specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, all references to "the Reference Entity" herein shall be construed to refer to the Reference 
Entity in respect of which the relevant determination falls to be made at any relevant time and all related provisions 
and determinations will be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt no Credit Linked Notes will be considered frustrated, or otherwise void or voidable 
(whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(a) 
any relevant Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade Date; 
and/or 
(b) 
Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist on, or cease to exist on 
or following, the Trade Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the application of any of Credit Linked Condition 5 (Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension), 6 (Grace Period Extension), 7 (Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension), 8 (Maturity 
Date Extension) or 10 (Settlement Suspension) below shall not preclude the application of any other such Credit 
Linked Condition either contemporaneously or subsequently and in the event that any such Credit Linked 
Conditions are inconsistent or the Calculation Agent becomes entitled to exercise a discretion under one or more 
of such Credit Linked Conditions, the Calculation Agent may elect in its discretion which Credit Linked Condition 
shall apply and under which Credit Linked Condition or Credit Linked Conditions it shall exercise its discretion. 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled and subject as provided in Credit Linked 
Condition 2 (Auction Settlement), Credit Linked Condition 3 (Cash Settlement), Credit Linked Condition 
4 (Physical Settlement) and Credit Linked Condition 19 (Early redemption of Reference Obligation Only 
Notes following a Substitution Event) as applicable, each principal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal 
to the Calculation Amount set out in the Applicable Transaction Terms will be redeemed by the Issuer 
at its relevant Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
Applicable Transaction Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date.

--- Page 229 ---
- 229 - 
2. 
Auction Settlement 
Where Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms and a Credit Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall give notice (such notice an "Auction Settlement Notice") to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), and, subject to (i) any adjustment in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 13 (Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event) and (ii) any prior 
redemption in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Early redemption of Reference Obligation 
Only Notes following a Substitution Event), redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay, in respect 
of each principal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount set out in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Credit Event Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Currency 
on the Credit Event Redemption Date. 
Unless settlement has occurred in accordance with the paragraph above, if: 
(a) 
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(b) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and in circumstances where such No Auction 
Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date, the Issuer has not exercised the Movement Option); 
(c) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or 
(d) 
a Credit Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) of the definition 
of Credit Event Determination Date or paragraph (a) of the definition of Non-Standard Credit 
Event Determination Date and no Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or 
prior to the date falling three (3) Business Days after such Credit Event Determination Date, 
then: 
(A) 
if Fallback Settlement Method – Cash Settlement is specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 3 (Cash Settlement) below; or 
(B) 
if Fallback Settlement Method – Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 4 (Physical Settlement) below. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Notes become redeemable in accordance 
with this Credit Linked Condition 2 (Auction Settlement), upon payment of the Credit Event 
Redemption Amounts in respect of the Notes, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect 
of the Notes and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The Credit 
Event Redemption Amount(s) may be less than the Calculation Amount of a Credit Linked Note. Any 
shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
3. 
Cash Settlement 
If a Credit Event Determination Date occurs, then where Cash Settlement is specified as the applicable 
Settlement Method in the Applicable Transaction Terms or if Credit Linked Condition 2(A) (Auction 
Settlement) above applies then, subject to any prior redemption in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 19 (Early redemption of Reference Obligation Only Notes following a Substitution Event), the 
Issuer shall give notice (such notice a "Cash Settlement Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) and redeem all but not some only of the Notes, and pay, in respect of each 
principal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount set out in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the Credit Event Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Credit Event Redemption Date. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Notes become redeemable in accordance 
with this Credit Linked Condition 3 (Cash Settlement), upon payment of the Credit Event Redemption 
Amounts in respect of the Notes, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of the Notes 
and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The Credit Event

--- Page 230 ---
- 230 - 
Redemption Amount(s) may be less than the Calculation Amount of a Credit Linked Note. Any 
shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
4. 
Physical Settlement 
If a Credit Event Determination Date occurs, then where Physical Delivery is specified as the applicable 
Settlement Method in the Applicable Transaction Terms or if Credit Linked Condition 2(B) (Auction 
Settlement) above applies then, subject to any prior redemption in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 19 (Early redemption of Reference Obligation Only Notes following a Substitution Event), the 
Issuer shall, following the receipt of a Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice, give notice (such 
notice a "Notice of Physical Settlement") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
and redeem all but not some only of the Notes and Deliver in respect of each principal amount of Credit 
Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Asset Amount 
on the Credit Settlement Date, subject to and in accordance with the Conditions, Credit Linked Condition 
21 (Physical Delivery) and all other relevant terms of these Credit Linked Conditions.   
In the Notice of Physical Settlement, the Issuer shall specify the Deliverable Obligations comprising the 
Asset Amount that it reasonably expects to Deliver and the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as applicable, or the equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency (in each case the 
relevant "Outstanding Amount") and, if different, the face amount, of each such Deliverable Obligation. 
The aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement that the Issuer intends to Deliver shall be the relevant "Aggregate Outstanding Amount". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be entitled to select any of the Deliverable Obligations to 
constitute the Asset Amount, irrespective of their market value. 
Asset Package Delivery will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such Asset Package 
Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the Credit Event 
specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to the Credit Event 
Determination Date, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists 
immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Sovereign No 
Asset Package Delivery" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, it shall be 
deemed that no Package Observable Bond exists with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign 
(even if such a Package Observable Bond has been published by ISDA) and accordingly, Asset Package 
Delivery shall not apply thereto. Where Asset Package Delivery applies, the provisions of paragraph (b) 
of the definition of "Deliver" below shall apply and the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment in 
relation to provisions for physical delivery and determination of the Asset Amount that it determines to 
be necessary or desirable to take account of the relevant Asset Package. 
The Issuer may, from time to time, following receipt of a Calculation Agent Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice, amend a Notice of Physical Settlement by delivering a notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (each such notification, a "Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice") that the Issuer is replacing, in whole or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified 
in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to 
the extent the relevant Deliverable Obligation has not been Delivered as of the date such Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice is effective). A Physical Settlement Amendment Notice shall specify each 
replacement Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer will (subject to Credit Linked Condition 21 (Physical 
Delivery)) Deliver (each, a "Replacement Deliverable Obligation") and shall also specify the 
Outstanding Amount of each Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a 
prior Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced (with respect to each 
such Deliverable Obligation, the "Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount"). The 
Outstanding Amount of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified in the Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice shall be determined by applying the Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced 
Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount. The Outstanding Amount of the Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation(s) specified in any Physical Settlement Amendment Notice in aggregate with the Outstanding 
Amount of the Deliverable Obligation(s) specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any earlier 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice which, in each case, are not being replaced must not be greater 
than the Aggregate Outstanding Amount. Each such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice must be 
effective on or prior to the Credit Settlement Date (determined without reference to any change resulting 
from such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Issuer may 
correct any errors or inconsistencies contained in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14

--- Page 231 ---
- 231 - 
(Notices) prior to the relevant Delivery Date; and (ii) if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, the Issuer 
shall, on the PSN Effective Date, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter (but in any case, prior 
to the Delivery Date), notify the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices)) of the detailed 
description of the Asset Package, if any, that the Issuer will Deliver in lieu of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, it being understood in each case that any such notice of 
correction shall not constitute a Physical Settlement Amendment Notice. 
If "Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and Restructuring is the only 
Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then, unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a 
Deliverable Obligation may be included in the Asset Amount only if it (i) is a Fully Transferable 
Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date in each case as of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines relevant for 
purposes of the Hedging Arrangements. 
If "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and Restructuring is the 
only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a 
Deliverable Obligation may be included in the Asset Amount only if it (i) is a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date, in each case, as of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines relevant for 
purposes of the Hedging Arrangements. For the purposes of this paragraph only and notwithstanding the 
foregoing, in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity date on or prior to the 10-
year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of 
such final maturity date or the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant 
Restructuring. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Notes become redeemable in accordance 
with this Credit Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement), upon Delivery of the Deliverable 
Obligations Deliverable and/or payment of the Partial Cash Settlement Amounts, as the case may be, 
the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of the Notes and shall have no other liability 
or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The value of such Deliverable Obligations and/or the 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount, as the case may be, may be less than the Calculation Amount of a 
Credit Linked Note. Any shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the 
Issuer or the Guarantor. 
5. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
If "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as a Credit Event in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 5 (Repudiation/Moratorium Extension) shall apply. 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date 
but the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has been satisfied on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or, if Credit Linked Condition 8(y) (Maturity Date Extension) applies, the Postponed Cut-
Off Date (as defined in Credit Linked Condition 8 (Maturity Date Extension)) and the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date in respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may, in 
the sole determination of the Calculation Agent, fall after the Scheduled Maturity Date, then the 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) that a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and: 
(i) 
where a Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date: 
(A) 
each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will be redeemed by 
the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth (5th) Business Day following 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest 
calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if none, the Interest

--- Page 232 ---
- 232 - 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only 
be obliged to make such payment of interest on the fifth (5th) Business Day following 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date and no further or other amount in respect 
of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of 
such delay; or 
(ii) 
where a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date and a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 2 (Auction Settlement), Credit Linked Condition 3 (Cash Settlement) or Credit 
Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement), as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes. 
6. 
Grace Period Extension 
If "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 6 (Grace Period Extension) shall apply. 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date 
but, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred with respect 
to one or more Obligation(s) in respect of which a Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (and such Grace Period(s) is/are continuing as at the Scheduled Maturity Date), then the 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) that a Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred and: 
(i) 
where a Failure to Pay has not occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date: 
(A) 
each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will be redeemed by 
the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth (5th) Business Day following 
the Grace Period Extension Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest 
calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only 
be obliged to make such payment of interest on the fifth (5th) Business Day following 
the Grace Period Extension Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest 
shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(ii) 
where a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date and a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 2 (Auction 
Settlement), Credit Linked Condition 3 (Cash Settlement) or Credit Linked Condition 4 
(Physical Settlement), as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes. 
7. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Credit Event Resolution Request Date or a Potential 
Credit Event has occurred and the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not made its 
determination on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Calculation Agent shall notify Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) that the Maturity Date has been postponed to a date (the "DC 
Determination Postponement Date") being the day falling five (5) Business Days after: (i) if the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has occurred, fifteen (15) Business 
Days following the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement; (ii) if the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has not occurred, the second (2nd) Business 
Day following the relevant DC No Credit Event Announcement; or, as applicable, (iii) fifteen (15) 
Business Days following the DC Credit Event Question Dismissal (the date of the relevant DC Credit 
Event Announcement, DC No Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Dismissal, as applicable, 
the "DC Determination Cut-off Date") and: 
(i) 
where a Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date: 
(A) 
each principal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the DC Determination 
Postponement Date; and

--- Page 233 ---
- 233 - 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest 
calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or if none the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only 
be obliged to make such payment of interest on the DC Determination Postponement 
Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no 
additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(ii) 
where a Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date and a 
Credit Event Determination Date occurs, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 2 (Auction 
Settlement), Credit Linked Condition 3 (Cash Settlement) or Credit Linked Condition 4 
(Physical Settlement), as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes. 
8. 
Maturity Date Extension 
For the avoidance of doubt, the following provisions may be applied on more than one occasion: 
Without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 10 (Settlement Suspension), if: 
(x) 
on or prior to (A) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (B), if applicable, the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date, (C) if Grace Period Extension is specified as applying in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the Grace Period Extension Date, (D) the last day of the Notice Delivery 
Period or (E) if applicable, the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, a Credit 
Event Determination Date has not occurred but, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
a Credit Event or Potential Credit Event may have occurred or may occur; or 
(y) 
on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may have occurred or may occur, 
the Calculation Agent may at its option notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
that (A) in the case of (x) above, the redemption of the Notes has been postponed and the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, the Grace Period Extension Date, the last day of the Notice 
Delivery Period (which for these purposes shall apply in the case of both (x)(A) and (x)(D) above) or the 
DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, has been postponed to the Postponed Cut-Off Date 
or (B) in the case of (y) above, the redemption of the Notes has been postponed; and 
where: 
(i) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 8(x), a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred 
on or prior to the Postponed Cut-Off Date or, in the case of Credit Linked Condition 8(y), the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is not satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Cut-
Off Date: 
(A) 
subject as provided below, each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the 
Postponed Maturity Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest 
calculated as provided herein accruing from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only 
be obliged to make such payment of interest on the Postponed Maturity Date and no 
further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no additional amount 
shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(ii) 
where: 
(A) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 8(x), a Credit Event Determination Date occurs 
on or prior to the Postponed Cut-Off Date, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 
2 (Auction Settlement), Credit Linked Condition 3 (Cash Settlement) or Credit Linked 
Condition 4 (Physical Settlement), as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked 
Notes; or

--- Page 234 ---
- 234 - 
(B) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 8(y), the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Condition is satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Cut-Off Date, the provisions of 
Credit Linked Condition 5 (Repudiation/Moratorium Extension) shall apply to the 
Credit Linked Notes. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Postponed Cut-off Date" means (i) in the case of Credit Linked Condition 8(x), the fifteenth (15th) 
Business Day after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the relevant Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, 
the Grace Period Extension Date, the last day of the Notice Delivery Period or the DC Determination 
Cut-off Date, as the case may be; or (ii) in the case of Credit Linked Condition 8(y), the fifteenth (15th) 
Business Day after the Scheduled Maturity Date or, in each case, if such day is not a Business Day the 
immediately succeeding Business Day. 
"Postponed Maturity Date" means the fifth (5th) Business Day following the Postponed Cut-off Date. 
9. 
Partial Cash Settlement 
If all or a portion of the Obligations comprising the Asset Amount are Undeliverable Obligations and/or 
Hedge Disruption Obligations that have not been Delivered by the Final Delivery Date, the Issuer shall 
give notice (a "Partial Cash Settlement Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) and the Issuer shall pay in respect of each Undeliverable Obligation and/or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, the Partial Cash Settlement Amount on the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
In the Partial Cash Settlement Notice, the Issuer must give details of why it is unable to deliver the 
relevant Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be. 
For the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 9 (Partial Cash Settlement) only the following terms 
shall be defined as follows (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement): 
"Indicative Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each quotation obtained from 
a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time for (to the extent reasonably practicable) an amount of the 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, equal to the Quotation 
Amount, which reflects such Quotation Dealer's reasonable assessment of the price of such Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, based on such factors as such Quotation 
Dealer may consider relevant, which may include historical prices and recovery rates. 
"Market Value" means, with respect to an Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, 
as the case may be, on a Valuation Date: (i) if more than three (3) Full Quotations are obtained, the 
arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest 
values (and, if more than one (1) such Full Quotations have the same highest or lowest value, then one 
(1) of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (ii) if exactly three (3) Full Quotations 
are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, 
if more than one (1) such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one (1) of 
such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (iii) if exactly two (2) Full Quotations are 
obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; (iv) if fewer than two (2) Full Quotations are 
obtained and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; (v) if 
Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the Applicable Transaction Terms and exactly three 
(3) Indicative Quotations are obtained, the Indicative Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest 
and lowest Indicative Quotations (and, if more than one (1) such Indicative Quotations have the same 
highest or lowest value, then one (1) of such highest or lowest Indicative Quotations shall be 
disregarded); (vi) if fewer than two (2) Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation 
is obtained (and, if Indicative Quotations are applicable, fewer than three (3) Indicative Quotations are 
obtained) then, subject to paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation" below, an amount as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the next Business Day on which at least two (2) Full Quotations or a 
Weighted Average Quotation or, if applicable, three (3) Indicative Quotations are obtained; and (vii) if 
fewer than two (2) Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained (and, if 
Indicative Quotations are applicable, fewer than three (3) Indicative Quotations are obtained) on the same 
Business Day on or prior to the tenth (10th) Business Day following the Valuation Date, the Market 
Value shall be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
(10th) Business Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations

--- Page 235 ---
- 235 - 
(or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) for the Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
(10th) Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such 
quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for 
which firm quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) were not obtained on such day. 
"Partial Cash Settlement Amount" is deemed to be, for an Undeliverable Obligation or a Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
greater of (i) (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance, the Due and Payable Amount or the Currency 
Amount, as applicable, of each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case 
may be, multiplied by (B) the Final Price with respect to such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, determined as provided in this Credit Linked Condition, less 
(C) Unwind Costs, if any, (but excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into account in calculating the 
relevant Asset Amount), and (ii) zero, Provided That where (i) a relevant Undeliverable Obligation or 
Hedge Disruption Obligation forms part of the Asset Package and (ii) the Calculation Agent determines 
in its sole discretion that a Final Price cannot be reasonably determined in respect of such Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, then the Partial Cash Settlement Amount (i) shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion equal to the fair market value of the 
relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation less Unwind Costs, if any, (but 
excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into account in calculating the relevant Asset Amount), by 
reference to such source(s) as it determines appropriate and (ii) may be zero. 
"Partial Cash Settlement Date" is deemed to be the date falling three (3) Business Days after (a) the 
date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition apply 
to the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation or, if later, (b) the calculation 
of the Final Price. 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation, the Weighted Average Quotation and, if Indicative Quotations 
are specified as applying in the Applicable Transaction Terms, each Indicative Quotation obtained and 
expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation with respect to a 
Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation 
Date from five (5) or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two 
(2) or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three (3) Business Days of 
a Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business 
Day thereafter until the tenth (10th) Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five (5) or more Quotation 
Dealers, and, if two (2) or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average 
Quotation. If two (2) or more such Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not 
available on any such Business Day and Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain three (3) Indicative 
Quotations from five (5) or more Quotation Dealers. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two (2) or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation (or, if Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, three (3) Indicative Quotations) on the same Business Day on or prior to the 
tenth (10th) Business Day following the Valuation Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be 
any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth (10th) 
Business Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations 
(or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) for the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation 
Time on such tenth (10th) Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation 
Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the 
balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative 
Quotations) were not obtained on such day. 
(c) 
All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with the specification or determination made 
pursuant to the definition of Accrued Interest in Credit Linked Condition 12 (Definitions 
applicable to Credit Linked Notes) below.

--- Page 236 ---
- 236 - 
"Quotation Amount" is deemed to be, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Obligation or 
Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance 
or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency which 
shall be converted by the Calculation Agent by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the 
relevant Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be. 
"Quotation Method" is deemed to be Bid. 
"Reference Obligation" is deemed to be each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, 
as the case may be. 
"Valuation Method" is deemed to be Highest unless fewer than two (2) Full Quotations are obtained or 
a Weighted Average Quotation applies (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations), in which case 
"Valuation Method" is deemed to be Market. 
"Valuation Time" is the time specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, or, if no such time 
is specified, 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be. 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted average 
of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, each for an amount of the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge Disruption Obligation, as 
the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of 
as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount that in aggregate is approximately equal 
to the Quotation Amount. 
10. 
Settlement Suspension 
(a) 
Suspension 
Without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 8 (Maturity Date Extension) above, if, following 
determination of a Credit Event Determination Date but prior to the Credit Settlement Date or, to the 
extent applicable, a Valuation Date, there is a DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, the Calculation 
Agent may, at its option, determine that the applicable timing requirements of these Credit Linked 
Conditions, including, without limitation, in respect of Credit Linked Condition 2 (Auction Settlement), 
the definitions of Interest Payment Date, Credit Event Redemption Date, Valuation Date, Physical 
Settlement Period and PSN Cut-off Date and any other Credit Linked Condition provision(s) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, shall toll and be suspended and remain suspended (such period of 
suspension, a "Suspension Period") until the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal. During such suspension period none of the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or any Noteholder are obliged to, nor are they entitled to, take any action in connection with the 
settlement of the Notes. Once the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal has occurred, the relevant timing requirements of these Credit Linked Conditions that have 
previously tolled or been suspended shall resume on the Business Day following such public 
announcement by the DC Secretary with the Issuer having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding 
when the tolling or suspension began in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 10. 
In the event of any such Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent may (x) make such consequential or 
other adjustment(s) or determination(s) to or in relation to the Conditions and these Credit Linked 
Conditions as may be desirable or required either during or following any relevant Suspension Period to 
account for or reflect such suspension and (y) determine the effective date of such adjustment(s) or 
determination(s). 
(b) 
Interest 
In the case of interest bearing Notes: 
(i) 
if a Suspension Period falls in any one or more Interest Period(s), then no interest (or any interest 
on any delayed payment of interest) shall accrue during each portion of an Interest Period during 
which a Suspension Period exists; and

--- Page 237 ---
- 237 - 
(ii) 
if an Interest Payment Date falls in a Suspension Period, such Interest Payment Date will be 
deferred until such date as determined by the Calculation Agent falling no earlier than the first 
(1st) Business Day and no later than the fifth (5th) Business Day following the end of the 
Suspension Period, all subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (Interest Provisions) and Credit 
Linked Conditions 5 (Repudiation/Moratorium Extension), 6 (Grace Period Extension), 
7 (Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension) and 8 (Maturity Date Extension). 
11. 
Redemption Following a Merger Event 
If "Merger Event" is specified as applying in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in the event that in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may give notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) and redeem all but not some only of the Notes 
and pay in respect of each principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount the Merger 
Event Redemption Amount on the Merger Event Redemption Date. 
12. 
Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes 
"2.5-year Limitation Date" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Limitation Date". 
"10-year Limitation Date" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Limitation Date". 
"Accrued Interest" means for the purpose of these Credit Linked Conditions:  
(a) 
in respect of any Notes for which "Physical Delivery" is specified to be the Settlement Method 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms (or for which Physical Delivery is applicable as the 
Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2 (Auction 
Settlement)), the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered 
will exclude accrued but unpaid interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, in which case, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will include accrued but unpaid interest (as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its reasonable discretion); 
(b) 
in respect of any Notes for which "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the applicable Settlement 
Method in the Applicable Transaction Terms (or for which Cash Settlement is applicable as the 
Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2 (Auction 
Settlement)), and: 
(i) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall include accrued but 
unpaid interest; 
(ii) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall not include accrued 
but unpaid interest; or 
(iii) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the 
then current market practice in the market of the Reference Obligation whether the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof; or 
(c) 
if Credit Linked Condition 9 (Partial Cash Settlement) applies, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine, based on the then current market practice in the market of the relevant Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation (as applicable), whether such Quotations shall 
include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. 
"Asset" means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or other 
consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid 
or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised or capable of being 
realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no longer exists).

--- Page 238 ---
- 238 - 
"Asset Amount" means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 21 (Physical Delivery), in 
respect of each principal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, Deliverable 
Obligations, as selected by the Calculation Agent, with: 
(a) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money, an Outstanding Principal 
Balance; or 
(b) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money, a Due and Payable 
Amount, 
(or, in the case of either (a) or (b), the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), in an aggregate 
amount as of the relevant Delivery Date at least equal to the Calculation Amount less, if Unwind Costs 
are specified as applying in the Applicable Transaction Terms, Deliverable Obligations with a market 
value determined by the Calculation Agent on the Business Day selected by the Calculation Agent falling 
during the period from and including the Credit Event Determination Date to and including the Delivery 
Date equal to the Unwind Costs. 
"Asset Market Value" means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine by 
reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Asset Package" means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion 
received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package Credit Event 
(which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may be). 
If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset 
Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains 
nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero. 
"Asset Package Credit Event" means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms: 
(i) 
a Governmental Intervention; or 
(ii) 
a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is specified 
as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such Restructuring does not 
constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event 
Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
"Asset Transfer Notice" means a duly completed asset transfer notice, the form of which may be 
obtained in the manner described in Credit Linked Condition 21 (Physical Delivery) below. 
"Associated Costs" means an amount per principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount 
equal to such Notes' pro rata share of the total amount of any and all costs associated or incurred by the 
Issuer, any Affiliate and/or Hedging Party (each as defined below) in connection with such early 
redemption, including, without limitation, any costs associated with unwinding, substituting, re-
establishing and/or incurring any funding relating to the Notes and/or any costs associated with 
unwinding, substituting, re-establishing and/or incurring any Hedging Arrangements, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
In the case of Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or on Euro TLX, for the avoidance of doubt 
and notwithstanding any other provisions of the Conditions or the Applicable Transaction Terms, any 
provisions of the Conditions or the Applicable Transaction Terms which allow the costs of unwinding, 
substituting, settling, re-establishing or incurring any hedging arrangements (howsoever described) or 
any amount that would have been incurred as such hedging costs had the relevant hedging arrangements 
been in place may not be (i) deducted from amounts payable or deliverable to Noteholders or (ii) taken

--- Page 239 ---
- 239 - 
into account in any adjustments or calculations made pursuant to the Conditions and references to such 
hedging costs will be deemed not to apply to the Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or on 
EuroTLX. 
"Auction" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Auction Cancellation Date" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Covered Transaction" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Final Price" means the lesser of (i) one hundred per cent. (100%) and (ii) the Auction Final 
Price as shall be set forth or referred to in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Settlement Date" shall mean the date that is the number of Business Days as shall be specified 
in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so 
specified, three (3) Business Days) immediately following the Auction Final Price Determination Date. 
"Auction Settlement Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 2 (Auction 
Settlement). 
"Bankruptcy" means the Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes 
effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the 
case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or 
petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief 
or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained in each case within thirty (30) calendar days of the institution or presentation 
thereof or before the Scheduled Maturity Date, whichever is earlier; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against 
all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty (30) calendar days 
thereafter or before the Scheduled Maturity Date, whichever is earlier; or

--- Page 240 ---
- 240 - 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has any analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (g) 
above. 
"Business Day Convention" means, for the purposes of these Credit Linked Conditions, the convention 
for adjusting any relevant date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day. The following 
terms, when used in conjunction with the term "Business Day Convention" and a date, shall mean that 
an adjustment will be made if that date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day so that: 
(a) 
if "Following" is specified as the applicable Business Day Convention in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day (the 
"Following Business Day Convention"); 
(b) 
if "Modified Following" is specified as the applicable Business Day Convention in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; and 
(c) 
if "Preceding" is specified as the applicable Business Day Convention in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day. 
If no Business Day Convention is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Following Business 
Day Convention shall apply. 
"Calculation Agent City Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the Calculation Agent City specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Amendment Notice" means a notice by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer containing material information required to be included in a Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice to be given by the Issuer. 
"Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer containing material information required to be included in a Notice of Physical Settlement to be 
given by the Issuer. 
"Cash Settlement Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 3 (Cash 
Settlement). 
"Clearance System" means DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, any successor operator and/or 
clearing system and/or any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees without 
the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in 
each case as of each such date the Calculation Agent determines appropriate for purposes of the Hedging 
Arrangements provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of 
a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the Reference Entity 
is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or 
transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such consent may not be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer 
of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or 
paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for 
purposes of this definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation". 
"Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation below.

--- Page 241 ---
- 241 - 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms published by ISDA, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org 
(or any successor website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from time to time. 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" means each committee established pursuant to the 
DC Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit derivative 
transactions. 
"Credit Event" means the occurrence of any one or more of the Credit Events specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms which may include Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation 
Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention, or any additional Credit 
Event specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based 
upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any 
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any 
Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation 
of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, 
order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means: 
(a) 
for purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or with respect to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in paragraph (b) of the definition of 
Repudiation/Moratorium) for the purposes of the relevant Notes, as determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is sixty (60) calendar days prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is sixty (60) calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice Delivery Period, the Notice 
Delivery Date; and 
(ii) 
if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Post Dismissal Additional Period, the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
"Credit Event Determination Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event with respect to which: 
(a) 
Auction Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (a)(ii) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice 
Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal 
Additional Period, provided that neither (A) a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred nor (B) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, 
with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a)(i) of this definition, the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event

--- Page 242 ---
- 242 - 
Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery 
Period (including prior to the Trade Date) and either:  
(A) 
(I) 
the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage 
Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
(I) 
the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered on or prior to the Exercise Cut-off 
Date,  
provided that no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only 
Credit Event has previously been delivered unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified 
in such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the DC Credit Event Question 
resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, or the 
Calculation Agent otherwise determines this is consistent with the Hedging 
Arrangements; and 
(b) 
paragraph (a) of this definition does not apply, the Non-Standard Credit Event Determination 
Date, 
provided that no Credit Event Determination Date will occur, and any Credit Event Determination Date 
previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to have occurred if, or to the extent 
that, prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation Date, the Credit Settlement Date, 
the Credit Event Redemption Date or the Maturity Date, as applicable, a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement Date occurs with respect to the relevant event. 
If, in accordance with the provisions above, (i) following the determination of a Credit Event 
Determination Date, such Credit Event Determination Date is deemed (A) to have occurred on a date 
that is different from the date that was originally determined to be the Credit Event Determination Date 
or (B) not to have occurred or (ii) a Credit Event Determination Date is deemed to have occurred prior 
to one or more preceding Interest Payment Dates, the Calculation Agent will determine (1) such 
adjustment(s) to these Credit Linked Conditions (including any adjustment to payment amounts) as may 
be required to reflect (I) such deemed date of occurrence or (II) such deemed non-occurrence, achieve as 
far as practicable the same economic position of Securityholders as would have prevailed had a Credit 
Event Determination Date occurred on such deemed date of occurrence of such Credit Event 
Determination Date and (2) the effective date of such adjustment(s). For the avoidance of doubt, no 
accruals of interest shall be taken into account when calculating any adjustment to payment amounts. 
"Credit Event Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which the Calculation 
Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a Credit Event that occurred on or 
after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date 
must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the 
relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred. The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. A Credit Event Notice 
shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices set out in Condition 14 (Notices). 
"Credit Event Redemption Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms or, if no such amount is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent equal to: 
 
where: 


C
B
A



--- Page 243 ---
- 243 - 
"A" is the Calculation Amount; 
"B" is the Final Price or the Auction Final Price, as applicable; and 
"C" is Unwind Costs, 
provided that in no event shall the Credit Event Redemption Amount be less than zero. 
"Credit Event Redemption Date" means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 10 (Settlement 
Suspension), the day falling the number of Business Days specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
(or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five (5) Business Days) following the latest of (i) 
the Auction Settlement Date or the calculation of the Final Price (if Cash Settlement applies or is 
applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), (ii) the Credit Event Determination Date and (iii) the date 
when the Credit Event Notice is delivered.  
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date, 
as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on which 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
"Credit Settlement Date" means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 21 (Physical 
Delivery), in relation to any Deliverable Obligation, the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period 
following the relevant PSN Cut-off Date (the "Scheduled Credit Settlement Date") provided that: 
(a) 
if a Hedge Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing on the second (2nd) Business Day 
immediately preceding the Scheduled Credit Settlement Date, the Credit Settlement Date shall 
be the earlier of (i) the second (2nd) Business Day following the date on which no Hedge 
Disruption Event subsists and (ii) the day falling sixty (60) Business Days following the 
Scheduled Credit Settlement Date; or 
(b) 
if such day is not a Relevant Clearance Business Day, the immediately following Relevant 
Clearance Business Day. 
"Currency Amount" means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of 
Physical Settlement that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an amount 
converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into the Settlement 
Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate, if any, and each Revised 
Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in 
each Physical Settlement Amendment Notice with respect to that portion of the relevant Notes into the 
currency of denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
"Currency Rate" means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, the rate of conversion between 
the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable 
Obligation is denominated that is either (i) determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at 
the Next Currency Fixing Time or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time, determined by the 
Calculation Agent and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice, the Revised Currency Rate. 
"Currency Rate Source" means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 p.m. 
(London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee. 
"Cut-off Date" is the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date or the date 
that is fourteen (14) calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable.

--- Page 244 ---
- 244 - 
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public announcement 
by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that 
an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on 
or prior to the Extension Date, provided that if the Credit Event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date the DC Credit Event Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case 
of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Credit Event Question" means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event has 
occurred. 
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Determination Cut-off Date" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 7 
(Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension). 
"DC Determination Postponement Date" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 7 (Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension). 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a Credit 
Event. 
"DC Resolution" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"DC Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by ISDA on 
its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from 
time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
"DC Secretary" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"Default Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or its 
equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if no such 
amount is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, USD10,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of the 
relevant Credit Event. 
"Deliver" means: 
(a) 
to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of the 
Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of the 
applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary documentation 
and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to 
Deliverable Obligations where only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) 
and interest in the Asset Amount to the relevant Noteholder free and clear of any and all liens, 
charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any liens routinely imposed on all securities in a 
relevant clearance system, but including without limitation any counterclaim, defence (other 
than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set out in paragraphs (a) to (d) in the 
definition of "Credit Event" above) or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or any 
applicable Underlying Obligor) provided that (i) if all or a portion of the Asset Amount consists 
of Direct Loan Participations, "Deliver" means to create (or procure the creation of) a 
participation in favour of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) if a Deliverable Obligation is a 
Guarantee, "Deliver" means to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, 
provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, "Deliver" means to Deliver the

--- Page 245 ---
- 245 - 
Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such 
Fixed Cap. "Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. In the case of a Loan, 
Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of the documentation 
customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time. 
(b) 
If Asset Package Delivery applies (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, 
and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package 
Credit Event, (ii) paragraph (a) above shall be deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset 
Package provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if it were a Loan for 
these purposes, (iii) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to have been Delivered in 
full three (3) Business Days following the date on which the Issuer has notified the Noteholders 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement) of the detailed description 
of the Asset Package that it intends to Deliver, (iv) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make 
Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery 
of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion and (v) if the relevant Asset is a 
Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an 
amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value and the term "Asset Package" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
"Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the method described in "(A) Method for Determining Deliverable 
Obligations" below; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured 
Deliverable Obligation; and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, (i) if Financial Reference Entity Terms is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any Prior Deliverable Obligation, or (ii) if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any Package Observable Bond, 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the obligation has 
an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than zero (determined for 
purposes of paragraph (d) above, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event). 
(i) 
Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations. For the purposes of this definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation", the term "Deliverable Obligation" may be defined as each obligation 
of the Reference Entity described by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, and, subject to paragraph (ii) below, having each of the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
in each case, as of each such date the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the 
Hedging Arrangements. The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(A) 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, 
Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as defined in the 
definition of "Obligation" below, except that, for the purpose of determining 
Deliverable Obligations, the definition of "Reference Obligation Only" shall be 
amended to state that no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to 
Reference Obligation Only). 
(B) 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not 
Subordinated, Credit Linked Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic 
Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic Issuance (each as defined in the

--- Page 246 ---
- 246 - 
definition of "Obligation" below), Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct 
Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not 
Bearer, where: 
(1) 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated 
to, at a minimum, commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of 
their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of 
the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the relevant Reference 
Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable 
borrower if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(2) 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned 
or novated with the consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, 
of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant borrower if the Reference Entity 
is guaranteeing such loan) or any agent; 
(3) 
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to 
a participation agreement, the Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the 
creation of, a contractual right in favour of each Noteholder that provides each 
Noteholder with recourse to the participation seller for a specified share in 
any payments due under the relevant Loan which are received by such 
participation seller, any such agreement to be entered into between each 
Noteholder and either (A) the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be (to 
the extent that the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, is then a lender or a 
member of the relevant lending syndicate), or (B) a Qualifying Participation 
Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying Participation Seller is then a 
lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate); 
(4) 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to institutional 
investors without any contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction, provided 
that none of the following shall be considered contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for 
eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation S 
promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and 
any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated 
under the laws of any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation 
to the eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory 
investment restrictions on insurance companies and pension funds; 
or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates 
or voting periods; 
(5) 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of 
not greater than the period specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms (or, 
if no such period is specified, thirty (30) years); 
(6) 
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under which the principal 
amount owed, whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or 
otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance with the terms of such 
obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard to, any limitation 
imposed under any applicable insolvency laws; and 
(7) 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless 
interests with respect to such bearer instrument are cleared via Euroclear, 
Clearstream, International or any other internationally recognised clearing 
system.

--- Page 247 ---
- 247 - 
(ii) 
Interpretation of Provisions. 
(A) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" is 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Applicable Transaction Terms shall 
be construed as though the relevant Obligation Characteristic had been specified as an 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
(B) 
If: (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not Domestic 
Issuance" or "Not Bearer" is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
Applicable Transaction Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
only with respect to Bonds; (ii) the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
"Transferable" is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Applicable 
Transaction Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with 
respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans; or (iii) any of the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" or "Direct 
Loan Participation" is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Applicable 
Transaction Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with 
respect to Loans. 
(C) 
If more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan 
Participation" are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies 
any one of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy 
all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. 
(D) 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following 
will apply: 
(1) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable 
Obligation Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the 
same category or categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(2) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the 
Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the 
applicable 
Obligation 
Characteristics 
or 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms from 
the following list: "Not Subordinated", "Credit Linked Specified Currency", 
"Not Sovereign Lender", "Not Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic Law"; 
(3) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must 
satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms from the following list: "Listed", "Not 
Domestic Issuance", "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct 
Loan Participation", "Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", "Accelerated or 
Matured" and "Not Bearer"; and 
(4) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, 
references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying 
Obligor. 
(E) 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
"Maximum Maturity", remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms 
of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and,

--- Page 248 ---
- 248 - 
in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining maturity 
shall be zero. 
(F) 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified 
as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, if an obligation would otherwise 
satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, 
the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the 
determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such 
Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(G) 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
and the requirements specified in the paragraphs commencing "If "Mod R" …" and "If 
"Mod Mod R" …" in Credit Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement) to a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any such determination shall 
be made by reference to the terms of the relevant obligation in effect immediately prior 
to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(H) 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the "Maximum 
Maturity" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital 
Provisions in such obligation shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic. 
(I) 
Where the Standard Terms are applicable to determine the Deliverable Obligations the 
row entitled "Physical Settlement Period" shall not be applicable. 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this paragraph (ii) apply in respect of the definitions 
of Obligation and Deliverable Obligation as the context admits. 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date such 
Deliverable Obligation is Delivered (or deemed to be Delivered pursuant to the definition of "Deliver" 
above). 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms and 
any successor currency thereto (or, if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor 
currency of (a) the Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in 
which the Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). 
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference Entity is 
not a Sovereign. 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance 
of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than fifty per cent. (50%) owned, directly or indirectly, by the 
Reference Entity. As used herein, "Voting Shares" shall mean those shares or other interests that have 
the power to elect the board of directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity under 
the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums in 
respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any portion 
of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or 
(b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of 
an event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each 
case, determined in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (A) the relevant PSN 
Effective Date (or, if the terms of the obligation are amended after such date but on or prior to the 
Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (B) the relevant Valuation Date, as applicable.

--- Page 249 ---
- 249 - 
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of 
such information. 
"Eligible Transferee" means: 
(a) 
Any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity 
described in sub-paragraph (c)(i) below); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in paragraph (a); 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose 
vehicle) that (A) has total assets of at least U.S.$100 million or (B) is one of a group 
of investment vehicles under common control or management having, in aggregate, 
total assets of at least U.S.$100 million; or 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed or 
otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support or other agreement by an 
entity described in sub-paragraph (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d); or 
(d) 
any Sovereign; or 
(e) 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two (2) or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European 
Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition to U.S.$ include equivalent amounts in other currencies in each case as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Excluded Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components 
have been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of 
the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Excluded Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms and (i) the relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is

--- Page 250 ---
- 250 - 
a Senior Obligation, or (ii) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, then 
for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has 
occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms and the relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a 
Subordinated Obligation, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental 
Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
"Exercise Cut-off Date" means either: 
(a) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring and any Note to which paragraph (a) of the definition 
of Credit Event Determination Date above applies: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five (5) 
Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is published; 
or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is fourteen (14) calendar days following the relevant No 
Auction Announcement Date; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Credit Event where paragraph (a) of the definition of Credit Event 
Determination Date does not apply, the relevant Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves. 
"Extension Date" means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if (i) "Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are 
specified as applying in the Applicable Transaction Terms and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay 
with respect to the relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
and 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified 
as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, as applicable. 
"Failure to Pay" means after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period) the failure by the Reference Entity to 
make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment 
Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time 
of such failure provided that, if an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a 
redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of 
conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to 
constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount 
of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely available market rate 
of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
"Fallback Settlement Method" means, with respect to any Notes for which Auction Settlement is 
specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the fallback 
settlement method specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Final Delivery Date" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 21 (Physical 
Delivery). 
"Final List" has the meaning given in the DC Rules. 
"Final Price" means the price of the relevant Reference Obligation(s), as the case may be, expressed as 
a percentage of its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, which shall

--- Page 251 ---
- 251 - 
be the lesser of (a) one hundred per cent. (100%) and (b) the price determined in accordance with the 
Valuation Method specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, where applicable, Credit Linked 
Condition 9 (Partial Cash Settlement). The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after obtaining 
all Quotations for a Valuation Date, make available for inspection by Noteholders at the specified office 
of the Principal Paying Agent or, (in the case of Book-Entry Notes) the specified office of the Iberclear 
Paying Agent, (i) each such Quotation that it receives in connection with the calculation of the Final 
Price and (ii) a written computation showing its calculation of the Final Price. 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of the 
Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided that 
a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more variable 
inputs (and, for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant to the 
Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each firm quotation obtained from 
a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the 
Reference Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount equal to the 
Quotation Amount. 
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case 
of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of any 
person being required in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of 
each such date as the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements. 
Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be 
provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable 
Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of "Fully 
Transferable Obligation". 
"Further Subordinated Obligation" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, if the relevant Reference 
Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation 
which is Subordinated thereto. 
"Governmental Authority" means:  
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational 
body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority 
or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) 
of the Reference Entity or some or all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) 
above. 
"Governmental Intervention" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events 
occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, 
or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), 
in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such 
event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination);

--- Page 252 ---
- 252 - 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual 
of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the 
Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (c). 
For purposes of this definition of Governmental Intervention, the term "Obligation" shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to payments 
under and in accordance with the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect as of the date as of 
which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in the Applicable Transaction Terms, a 
Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and the 
applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
the Grace Period will be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified 
as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no period is specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, thirty (30) calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect to 
payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three (3) Grace Period Business 
Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three (3) Grace Period 
Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless Grace Period 
Extension is specified as applying in the Applicable Transaction Terms, such deemed Grace 
Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in 
the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not so specified (a) if the Obligation Currency is the 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the 
jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if: 
(a) 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in the Applicable Transaction Terms; and 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
the date falling the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. If 
"Grace Period Extension" is not specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, Grace 
Period Extension shall not apply. 
"Guarantee" means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
"Hedge Disruption Event" means in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any event (including, without 
limitation, any delay in settlement of any Auction) as a result of which the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates cannot (a) obtain the relevant Deliverable Obligation(s) under the terms of the Issuer's Hedging 
Arrangements and/or (b) maintain, adjust, enter into or exercise rights under its Hedging Arrangements 
in each case in such a manner as is necessary to meet its obligations in full as these fall due solely with 
amounts or assets which it is entitled to receive under the Hedging Arrangements on the relevant due 
date(s) therefor.

--- Page 253 ---
- 253 - 
"Hedge Disruption Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Asset Amount which, 
on the Credit Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines cannot 
be Delivered as a result of a Hedge Disruption Event. 
"Hedging Arrangements" means any underlying or related transaction(s), asset(s) or trading position(s) 
or arrangements the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents may enter into or hold from time to time 
(including, if applicable, on a portfolio basis) to hedge directly or indirectly and whether in whole or in 
part the credit or other price risk or funding of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Hedging Party" means the Issuer and/or any Affiliate and/or any other party which conducts Hedging 
Arrangements. 
"Iberclear Settlement Instruction" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 21 (Physical 
Delivery). 
"Intervening Period" means such period of time as any person other than the relevant Noteholder shall 
continue to be registered as the legal owner of any securities or other obligations comprising an Asset 
Amount (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Deliverable Obligations). 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
"Japanese Default Requirement" means, if the Specified Currency is Japanese Yen, JPYl,000,000,000, 
or in all other cases, U.S.$10,000,000 or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
"Japanese Payment Requirement" means, if the Specified Currency of the Notes is Japanese Yen, 
JPY100,000,000, or in all other cases, U.S.$1,000,000 or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the Failure to Pay or Potential Failure 
to Pay, as applicable. 
"Largest Asset Package" means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of principal of such Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond has been or will be exchanged or converted 
(including by way of amendment), as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible 
Information. If this cannot be determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets with 
the highest immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date". 
"Limitation Date" means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any year to 
occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the 
Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the "2.5-year Limitation Date"), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the "10-year 
Limitation Date"), 12.5 years, 15 years or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London. 
"M(M)R Restructuring" means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod R" or 
"Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Market Value" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation on a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if more than three (3) Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one 
(1) such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one (1) of such 
highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded);

--- Page 254 ---
- 254 - 
(b) 
if exactly three (3) Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding 
the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one (1) such Full Quotations have the 
same highest value or lowest value, then one (1) of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall 
be disregarded); 
(c) 
if exactly two (2) Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; 
(d) 
if fewer than two (2) Full Quotations and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such 
Weighted Average Quotation; 
(e) 
if fewer than two (2) Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained, subject as provided in the definition of Quotation, an amount the Calculation Agent 
shall determine on the next Business Day on which two (2) or more Full Quotations or a 
Weighted Average Quotation is obtained; and 
(f) 
if two (2) or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not obtained on or prior 
to the tenth (10th) Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date the Market Value shall 
be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
(10th) Business Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm 
quotations for the Reference Obligation obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time 
on such tenth (10th) Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation 
Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the 
balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
"Merger Event" means that, at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (but 
excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, either (a) the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Reference Entity (any 
such entity, the "Mergor") consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to (i) where the Mergor is the Issuer or the Guarantor, a Reference Entity or 
(ii) where the Mergor is a Reference Entity, the Issuer or the Guarantor, or (b) (i) the Issuer or the 
Guarantor and (ii) a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
"Minimum Quotation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) or, if no such amount is so specified, the 
lower of (a) USD1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) and (b) the Quotation 
Amount. 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly 
engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities and other 
financial assets. 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, 
the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 10-year Limitation Date, the 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
In connection with the above, the final maturity date shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the 
Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable 
Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which such 
determination is made. 
"Movement Option" means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring for which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date, the option of the Issuer to apply to the Notes, for purposes of settlement, the Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms, if any, for purposes of which the Permissible Deliverable Obligations are 
more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that could apply in respect of the Reference Transaction 
(provided that if more than one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms specifying the greatest number of such Permissible Deliverable Obligations 
shall apply). If no Notice to Exercise Movement Option is delivered by the Issuer on or prior to the 
Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Notes will be settled in accordance with the Fallback Settlement 
Method. If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is delivered by the Issuer on or prior to the Movement

--- Page 255 ---
- 255 - 
Option Cut-off Date, such event will be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" means the date that is one (1) Relevant City Business Day following 
the Exercise Cut-off Date, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved. 
"Next Currency Fixing Time" means 4:00 p.m. (London time) on the London Business Day 
immediately following the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice or relevant Partial Cash Settlement Notice, as applicable, is effective. 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date the DC Secretary 
first publicly announces that: 
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published;  
(b) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms 
will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published; or  
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Auction will 
be held following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in 
circumstances where either:  
(i) 
no Parallel Auction will be held; or  
(ii) 
one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming 
Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in the 
Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was issued or 
incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable). 
"Non-Financial Instrument" means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable 
for being traded in, financial markets. 
"Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date 
occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, 
provided that neither (i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (ii) a DC No Credit 
Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in 
the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day 
of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(A) 
(1) 
"Auction Settlement" is not the applicable Settlement Method; 
(2) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(3) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the date of the DC Credit Event 
Announcement; or 
(B) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and a Credit Event Notice is 
delivered on or prior to the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date; or

--- Page 256 ---
- 256 - 
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered during either the Notice Delivery 
Period or the period from and including the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement to and 
including the date that is fourteen (14) calendar days thereafter (provided, in each case, that the 
relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of 
the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)) if either: 
(A) 
(1) 
"Auction Settlement" is not the applicable Settlement Method; 
(2) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(3) 
the Trade Date occurs following the date of the related DC Credit Event 
Announcement and on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off 
Date; or 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent determines this is otherwise consistent with the Hedging 
Arrangements, 
provided that no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit Event has 
previously been delivered unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also 
the subject of the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date or the Calculation Agent determines this is otherwise consistent with the Hedging 
Arrangements. 
"Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event to which paragraph (a) 
of the definition of "Credit Event Determination Date" does not apply: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, 
if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(iii) 
the date that is fourteen (14) calendar days following the No Auction Announcement 
Date, if any, as applicable; or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
(i) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five (5) 
Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is published; 
or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is fourteen (14) calendar days following the relevant No 
Auction Announcement Date. 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means, in respect of the Reference Entity, the Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation or, if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the 
Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Transferable Instrument" means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
"Notice Delivery Date" means the first date on which both a Credit Event Notice and, unless "Notice of 
Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information have been delivered by the Calculation Agent. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the date 
that is fifteen (15) Business Days after the Extension Date. 
"Notice of Physical Settlement" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 4 
(Physical Settlement).

--- Page 257 ---
- 257 - 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
(which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that cites Publicly Available 
Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as 
applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The 
notice given must contain a copy or description in reasonable detail of the relevant Publicly Available 
Information. If "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms and a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as 
applicable, 
contains 
Publicly 
Available 
Information, 
such 
Credit 
Event 
Notice 
or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information. A Notice of Publicly Available Information shall be subject to the requirements regarding 
notices in Credit Linked Condition 16 (Determinations and Notices). 
"Notice to Exercise Movement Option" means, with respect to Notes for which (a) an M(M)R 
Restructuring applies and (b) the Fallback Settlement Method would otherwise be applicable pursuant to 
the Auction Settlement provisions, a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that (i) specifies the 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms applicable in accordance with the definition of Movement Option and 
(ii) is effective on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
"Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the method described in "Method for Determining Obligations" below; 
and 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation, 
in each case unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
For the purposes of paragraph (a) of this definition of Obligation, the term "Obligation" may be defined 
as each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Obligation Category specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, and having each of the Obligation Characteristics (if any) specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, in each case, immediately prior to the Credit Event which is the subject 
of either the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable. The following terms shall have the following 
meanings: 
(a) 
"Obligation Category" means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, 
Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, where: 
(i) 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) 
for the payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed 
Money; 
(ii) 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving 
credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of 
principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, 
without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings 
pursuant to letters of credit); 
(iii) 
"Reference Obligation Only" means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation 
and no Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only; 
(iv) 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes 
delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall 
not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
(v) 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or 
other similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed 
Money; and

--- Page 258 ---
- 258 - 
(vi) 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
(b) 
"Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Credit Linked 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed 
and Not Domestic Issuance specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, where: 
(i) 
(A) 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (I) the 
Reference Obligation or (II) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable; 
(B) 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the "Second 
Obligation") and another obligation of the Reference Entity to which such 
obligation is being compared (the "First Obligation"), a contractual, trust or 
other similar arrangement providing that (I) upon the liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganisation or winding-up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders 
of the First Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the 
holders of the Second Obligation or (II) the holders of the Second Obligation 
will not be entitled to receive or retain principal payments in respect of their 
claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in 
payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation. 
"Subordinated" will be construed accordingly. For purposes of determining 
whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with 
respect to another obligation to which it is being compared, (x) the existence 
of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit 
support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be 
taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities 
arising by operation of law shall be taken into account where the Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the Reference Obligation or the 
Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment 
shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in 
circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference 
Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference 
Obligation" is applicable, then the priority of payment of the Reference 
Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be 
determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any 
change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date; and 
(C) 
"Prior Reference Obligation" means, in circumstances where there is no 
Reference Obligation applicable to the relevant Notes, (I) the Reference 
Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise (II) the 
obligation specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as the Reference 
Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to 
the Trade Date and otherwise (III) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money 
obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
"Credit Linked Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in the currency or 
currencies specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms (or, if Credit Linked Specified 
Currency is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms and no currency is so specified, any 
Standard Specified Currency) provided that if euro is a Credit Linked Specified Currency, 
"Credit Linked Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that was previously payable 
in the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union 
which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority; 
(iii) 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a Sovereign 
or (B) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two (2) or 
more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European 
Bank for Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations 
generally referred to as "Paris Club debt";

--- Page 259 ---
- 259 - 
(iv) 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the 
applicable Domestic Currency provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute 
a Domestic Currency; 
(v) 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by applicable Domestic Law, 
provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a 
Domestic Law; 
(vi) 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an 
exchange; and 
(vii) 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued (or 
reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market 
of the Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action 
having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the 
Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale 
within the domestic market of the Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or 
reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market 
of the Reference Entity. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and 
payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar 
condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of 
the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which the Obligation is denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default, or 
other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, 
in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Applicable Transaction Terms (if any is so specified) provided that if an 
obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation for purposes of the relevant Notes (other than for the purposes of 
determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not 
Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) unless (a) in respect of a Series of Notes this 
definition of "Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" is specifically amended or overridden in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, or (b) the relevant Notes are Reference Obligation Only Notes. 
"Outstanding Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 4 (Physical 
Settlement). 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" means the outstanding principal balance of an obligation which will 
be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's principal 
payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of Accrued Interest 
above, the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the 
case of a Guarantee, will be the lower of (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including 
accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if 
references to the Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the 
amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be reduced as a result of 
the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other 
than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in

--- Page 260 ---
- 260 - 
accordance with paragraph (a) above less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this 
paragraph (b), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding 
Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(i) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (A) 
the relevant PSN Effective Date (or, if the terms of the obligation are amended after such date 
but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (B) the relevant Valuation Date; and 
(ii) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar 
as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued 
value of the obligation). 
"Package Observable Bond" means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org from 
time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website 
from time to time and (b) which fell within paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation 
(above), in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package Credit Event 
was legally effective. 
"Parallel Auction" means "Auction" as such term shall be defined in the relevant Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" means "Auction Cancellation Date" as such term shall be defined 
in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, 
any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such M(M)R 
Restructuring, and for which (a) the Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as the Reference 
Transaction and (b) the Reference Transaction would not be an Auction Covered Transaction provided 
that, if no such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Calculation Agent may 
select in its sole discretion the applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date" means "Notice of Physical Settlement Date" as defined 
in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if no such amount is specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, USD1,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or 
Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable. 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable Obligations included in the 
Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms applicable to the relevant Auction. 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of 
the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or 
provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment 
obligations in the case of any other Guarantee);

--- Page 261 ---
- 261 - 
(iv) 
if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" are specified as applicable in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, any Solvency Capital Provisions;  
(v) 
if "Limited Recourse Terms" are specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, provisions which (A) limit recourse in respect of the obligation to the proceeds 
of specified assets or the proceeds resulting from the enforcement of security or 
collateral arrangements and/or (B) extinguish any obligation that remains outstanding 
following the disposal of specified assets and/or the enforcement of the security or 
collateral arrangements and in each case the application of the resulting proceeds (and 
in this case, then for the purpose of determining whether such obligation is an 
Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation such obligation is deemed to satisfy "Not 
Subordinated"); or 
(vi) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" are specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be 
altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf 
(such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such obligation. 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption 
by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution 
of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also a 
transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
"Physical Settlement Amendment Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 4 (Physical Settlement). 
"Physical Settlement Period" means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 10 (Settlement Suspension), 
the number of Business Days specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if a number of 
Business Days is not so specified, then, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation comprising the Asset 
Amount, the longest number of Business Days for settlement in accordance with then current market 
practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if the 
Issuer has notified the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement) 
that it will Deliver an Asset Package in lieu of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, the Physical Settlement Period shall be thirty-five (35) Business Days. 
"Post Dismissal Additional Period" means the period from and including the date of the DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is fourteen (14) calendar days thereafter 
(provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the 
last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
"Potential Credit Event" means a Potential Failure to Pay (if Failure to Pay is an applicable Credit 
Event 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Reference 
Entity), 
a 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
(if 
Repudiation/Moratorium is an applicable Credit Event in respect of the Reference Entity) or, if a Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date has occurred and the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has not made its determination, such event will be deemed to be a Potential Credit Event. A 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and the Calculation Agent may each determine whether a 
Potential Failure to Pay or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred. 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any 
payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without regard 
to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period applicable to 
such Obligations. 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in paragraph (a) of 
the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium. 
"Prior Deliverable Obligation" means:

--- Page 262 ---
- 262 - 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), any 
obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such Governmental 
Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within 
paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above, in each case, immediately 
preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in respect 
of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit 
Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), such Reference 
Obligation, if any. 
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not 
publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding or 
other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
"Prohibited Action" means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on 
the factors set forth in (a) to (d) of the definition of Credit Event above) or right of set-off by or of the 
Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
"PSN Cut-off Date" means subject, where applicable, to Credit Linked Condition 10 (Settlement 
Suspension): 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the later of: 
(i) 
the thirtieth (30th) calendar day after the Credit Event Determination Date; and 
(ii) 
the tenth (10th) calendar day after either the date of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or of the relevant DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, if any (or, if 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, the tenth (10th) calendar day 
after the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date); or 
(b) 
if, in accordance with the terms of Credit Linked Condition 2 (Auction Settlement) above, Credit 
Linked Condition 2(B) applies as a result of the occurrence of (a) an Auction Cancellation Date 
or (b) a No Auction Announcement Date and: 
(i) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, the later of: 
(A) 
the date determined pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) above; and 
(B) 
the thirtieth (30th) calendar day after the Auction Cancellation Date or the No 
Auction Announcement Date, occurring pursuant to paragraph (a) or (c)(i) of 
the definition of No Auction Announcement Date above, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring either: 
(A) 
the later of: 
(1) 
the date determined pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) above; and 
(2) 
the thirtieth (30th) calendar day after: 
(x) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring pursuant to 
paragraph (a) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date above, if any;  
(y) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring pursuant to 
paragraph (c)(i) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date above, if any; or 
(z) 
the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, as applicable; or

--- Page 263 ---
- 263 - 
(B) 
the later of the Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date (or, if more than one Parallel 
Notice of Physical Settlement Date should occur, the last Parallel Notice of Physical 
Settlement Date), and the Relevant City Business Day immediately following the 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date, if any (or, if more than one should occur, the last 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date), as applicable, in circumstances where either: 
(1) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (a) of the 
definition of No Auction Announcement Date above and the Issuer has not 
exercised the Movement Option; or 
(2) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (c)(ii) of the 
definition of No Auction Announcement Date above and the Issuer has not 
exercised the Movement Option, 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (a)(ii) and (b) above, the relevant Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, if any, occurred on or prior to the date described in paragraph (a)(i) 
above. 
"PSN Effective Date" means the date on which a Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice or 
Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as the case may be, is delivered to the Issuer. 
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms (or, if no such source is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, 
Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, 
The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of 
business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally 
recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
"Publicly Available Information" means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant 
to the determination that the Credit Event or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, 
described in a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice have occurred and 
which: 
(a) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources (regardless of 
whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); or 
(b) 
is information received from or published by (i) the Reference Entity (or, if the Reference Entity 
is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority thereof 
acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) 
of such Sovereign) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying 
agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; or 
(c) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of 
or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, 
regulatory or judicial body, 
provided that where any information of the type described in paragraph (b) or (c) above is not publicly 
available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without violating 
any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraph (b) or (c) above, the Calculation Agent 
may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the entity 
disclosing such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with 
the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would prevent, 
the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state: 
(i) 
in relation to the definition of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of Voting Shares owned 
by the Reference Entity; and

--- Page 264 ---
- 264 - 
(ii) 
that the relevant occurrence: 
(A) 
has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement; 
(B) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or 
(C) 
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to the 
events described in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium" below. 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference Entity in 
respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a 
statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes or is 
otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not covered 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the Underlying 
Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any 
legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee:  
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or 
any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or  
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, where the principal payment obligations of the 
Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result 
of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii) 
by operation of law; 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms; or 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant 
determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to 
or following the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying 
Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the definition of Bankruptcy above in respect 
of the Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes 
that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or 
Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
I. 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the 
Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and

--- Page 265 ---
- 265 - 
II. 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to 
such Fixed Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such 
guarantee. 
"Qualifying Participation Seller" means any participation seller that meets the requirements specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms. If no such requirements are specified, there shall be no Qualifying 
Participation Seller. 
"Quantum of the Claim" means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted against 
the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become redeemable, 
been accelerated, terminated or otherwise become due and payable at the time of the relevant 
determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent Amount. 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed 
as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of the 
Reference Obligation with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation Date from 
five (5) or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two (2) or more such 
Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three (3) Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on 
the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth (10th) 
Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full 
Quotations from five (5) or more Quotation Dealers and, if two (2) or more Full Quotations are not 
available, a Weighted Average Quotation. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two (2) or more 
Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth 
(10th) Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be any 
Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth (10th) Business 
Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations for the Reference 
Obligation obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth (10th) Business Day 
with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained 
and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations 
were not obtained on such day. 
"Quotation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms (which 
may be specified by reference to an amount in a currency or by reference to "Representative Amount") 
or, if no amount is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the amount selected by the Calculation 
Agent, by reference to the Hedging Arrangements, as appropriate, in respect of each Reference 
Obligation or Deliverable Obligation selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"Quotation Dealer" means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) for which Quotations are 
to be obtained including each Quotation Dealer specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. If no 
Quotation Dealers are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Calculation Agent shall select 
the Quotation Dealers. Upon a Quotation Dealer no longer being in existence (with no successors), or 
not being an active dealer in the obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, the 
Calculation Agent may substitute any other Quotation Dealer(s) for such Quotation Dealer(s). 
"Quotation Method" means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms by reference to one of the following terms: 
(a) 
"Bid" means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
"Offer" means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
(c) 
"Mid-market" means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers 
and shall be averaged for the purposes of determining a relevant Quotation Dealer's quotation. 
If a Quotation Method is not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, Bid shall apply. 
"Reference Entity" means the entity specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. Any 
Successor to the Reference Entity either (a) identified pursuant to the definition of "Successor" on or 
following the Trade Date or (b) identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a Successor 
Resolution Request Date and publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date

--- Page 266 ---
- 266 - 
shall, in each case, with effect from the Succession Date, be the Reference Entity for the purposes of the 
relevant Series. 
"Reference Obligation" means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, 
if any; or 
(b) 
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms (or no election is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms), (ii) there is no Standard 
Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard 
Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, 
provided that the Standard Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to 
be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
If the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to be the 
Reference Obligation and the Calculation Agent will select as a substitute Reference Obligation any 
Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level. In addition, the 
Calculation Agent (i) may replace the Reference Obligation with any further Deliverable Obligation with 
the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level from time to time and (ii) if a new obligation 
is placed on the SRO List, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, then the Calculation Agent may, 
but is not obliged to, select the new Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the Reference Entity as 
the Reference Obligation. The provisions of this definition may be applied by the Calculation Agent on 
more than one occasion and are without prejudice to the right of the Calculation Agent to determine a 
Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Reference Obligation Only Notes" means any Notes in respect of which (a) "Reference Obligation 
Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and, if applicable, the Deliverable Obligation Category in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms and (b) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Reference Transaction" means a hypothetical credit derivative transaction: 
(a) 
for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms, the Reference Obligation and the Reference Entity 
are (i) the same as in respect of the Notes (if Deliverable Obligation Terms and a Reference 
Obligation are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) or (ii) if and to the extent 
Deliverable Obligation Terms and/or a Reference Obligation are not so specified, the 
Deliverable Obligation Terms and Reference Obligation determined by the Calculation Agent 
to be appropriate in respect of a credit derivative transaction linked to the relevant Reference 
Entity; 
(b) 
with a scheduled termination date matching the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes; and 
(c) 
otherwise having such other characteristics as the Calculation Agent may determine appropriate 
by reference to, without limitation, the Hedging Arrangements and/or any credit derivative 
elections made in relation to the Notes. 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given in the DC Rules. 
"Relevant Clearance Business Day" is a day which is: 
(a) 
a Business Day; and 
(b) 
(i) 
where the Deliverable Obligations are Bonds, a day on which the relevant clearance 
system for settlement of the Bonds is open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions other than a day on which such clearance system is scheduled 
to close prior to its regular weekday closing time; or

--- Page 267 ---
- 267 - 
(ii) 
where the Deliverable Obligations are Loans, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the jurisdiction of 
the currency of denomination of the relevant Loan or, if such currency is euro, a day 
on which the TARGET2 System (as defined in the Conditions) is open. 
"Relevant Guarantee" means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
"Relevant Holder" means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding Amount specified 
in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession Date (or, if 
there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), provided that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or held 
by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination required 
to be made under paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor below, make the appropriate 
adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased 
or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the first succession to and including 
the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms and (i) the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior 
Obligation, or (ii) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, the Relevant 
Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within 
the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, and the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a 
Subordinated Obligation, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any 
Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant 
Obligations" shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within 
the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan". 
"Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit 
Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement). 
"Replacement Deliverable Obligation" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 4 
(Physical Settlement). 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market and at the relevant time, which amount will be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement; or 
(ii) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or 
de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement; and

--- Page 268 ---
- 268 - 
(b) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, 
determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation 
occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on 
or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (a) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (i) the date that is sixty (60) 
days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (ii) the first payment date under any 
such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of 
any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (b) if the Obligations to which such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is sixty (60) days after the 
date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium provided that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date unless the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" will be satisfied: 
(a) 
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and 
effectively received on or prior to the date that is fourteen (14) calendar days after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that 
an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an 
Obligation of the Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, by the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice and, unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information that 
are each effective on or prior to the date that is fourteen (14) calendar days after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, 
or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (A) an event does not 
constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity, or 
(B) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an 
Obligation of the Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
(which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date. A 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date 
of the occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject 
of the 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension 
Notice 
need 
not 
be 
continuing 
on 
the 
date 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
"Resolve" has the meaning set out in the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which 
the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
"Restructuring" means, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form that 
binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority 
and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all the holders of the Obligation or is 
announced (or otherwise decreed) by the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that 
binds all holders of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an 
exchange), and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as 
of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant Notes and the date as of which 
such Obligation is issued or incurred:

--- Page 269 ---
- 269 - 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of 
interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of 
such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency 
other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the 
United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned 
currencies (which, in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and 
replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euro of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation denominated 
in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by 
the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union 
which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (B) a 
freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency existed at the 
time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal 
or premium payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of 
conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs 
(a) to (e) above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment 
or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (a) to (e) 
above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result from a 
deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided 
that in respect of paragraph (e) above only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros 
into another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a 
Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority. 
For the purposes of this definition of Restructuring and Credit Linked Condition 14 (Provisions relating 
to Multiple Holder Obligation), the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations 
for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an 
Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in the initial paragraph and paragraphs (a) to 
(e) of this definition of Restructuring shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the 
references to the Reference Entity in paragraphs (i) to (iv) of this definition of Restructuring shall 
continue to be deemed to refer to the Reference Entity. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
paragraphs (a) to (e) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond 
immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately following 
such exchange. 
"Restructuring Date" means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with 
the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring.

--- Page 270 ---
- 270 - 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity 
date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5 year Limitation Date (such Restructured 
Bond or Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan") and the Scheduled Maturity Date 
occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity 
Restructured Bond or Loan. For these purposes, the final maturity date shall be determined on the basis 
of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the 
case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be 
the date on which such determination is made. 
"Revised Currency Rate" means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in which the 
Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is determined 
either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (b) if such 
rate is not available at such time, by the Calculation Agent. 
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity: 
(a) 
"Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; or 
(b) 
if no such seniority level is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, "Senior Level" if the 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if 
the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which; 
(c) 
"Senior Level". 
"Senior Obligation" means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, 
if no currency is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Specified Currency of the Notes. 
"Settlement Method" means, if (a) Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms or if no Settlement Method is specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, Auction Settlement, (b) Cash Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement 
Method in the Applicable Transaction Terms, Cash Settlement, or (c) Physical Delivery is specified as 
the applicable Settlement Method in the Applicable Transaction Terms, Physical Delivery. 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise 
varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular 
tier. 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting 
the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which is 
a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a 
Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred and (b) which fell within paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above 
immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the 
terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar 
event.

--- Page 271 ---
- 271 - 
"Specified Number" means the number of Public Source(s) specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms or, if no such number is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, two (2). 
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by 
ISDA on its website from time to time. 
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
"Standard Specified Currency" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, 
France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor 
currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which, in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency 
which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series 
of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more entities. 
"Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity existed. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to 
which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided 
that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation 
if, at the time of the determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and such 
obligation has not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution. 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraph (a) or (b)(ii) of the definition of Substitution Event 
have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the 
"Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii) below). If the event set forth in paragraph (b)(i) of the 
definition of Substitution Event below has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute Reference 
Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth under paragraph (a) or 
(b)(ii) of the definition of Substitution Event below occur with respect to such Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider 
of a guarantee); 
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date it 
was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment after 
such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(iii) 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available,

--- Page 272 ---
- 272 - 
(2) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above; 
(B) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed 
Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-Conforming 
Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available, 
(3) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above; or 
(C) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to 
the Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(2) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(3) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above. 
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process 
described in paragraph (c) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential 
Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the 
delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. The Calculation Agent will notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) of the Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as reasonably practicable after it has 
been identified in accordance with paragraph (c) above and the Substitute Reference Obligation 
shall replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and 
the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation then, subject to paragraph (a) above and notwithstanding 
the fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference 
Obligation in accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall continue to 
attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation until the Extension Date although the 
Calculation Agent is not obliged to select a Substitute Reference Obligation at any time. If (A) 
either (i) Cash Settlement is specified as the Settlement Method in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms (or is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method) and the Credit Event 
Redemption Amount is determined by reference to a Reference Obligation or (ii) Auction

--- Page 273 ---
- 273 - 
Settlement or Physical Delivery is specified as the Settlement Method in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms (or, in the case of Physical Delivery, is applicable pursuant to the Fallback 
Settlement Method) and, in each case, the Reference Obligation is the only Deliverable 
Obligation and (B) on or prior to the Extension Date, a Substitute Reference Obligation has not 
been identified, then the Issuer shall have the right on or after the Extension Date to redeem the 
Notes at the Early Redemption Amount (determined by the Calculation Agent taking into 
account the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity at the time of the early redemption) by 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), such payment to be made as 
specified in such notice. Such notice shall contain details of the procedures and due date for 
such early redemption. 
(f) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Substitute Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect 
of any Credit Linked Notes that are Reference Obligation Only Notes. 
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer of the Substitute Reference Obligation that it has identified in 
accordance with the definition of Substitute Reference Obligation above. 
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; or 
(b) 
provided that the Credit Linked Notes to which the Non-Standard Reference Obligation relates 
are not Reference Obligation Only Notes: 
(i) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(ii) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of 
itself, constitute a Substitution Event. If an event described in paragraph (a) or (b)(i) above has occurred 
on or prior to the Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to 
paragraph (a) or (b)(i) above as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence 
of the relevant Substitution Event. 
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed to 
some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is a 
Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect of 
such Steps Plan, or if earlier (a) the date on which a determination pursuant to paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Successor below would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of such 
Steps Plan, or (b) the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference Entity 
or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
"Successor" means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (vii) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent. (75%) or more of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor; 
(ii) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 
more than twenty-five per cent. (25%) (but less than seventy-five per cent. (75%)) of 
the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per 
cent. (25%) of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the

--- Page 274 ---
- 274 - 
Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. (25%) of 
the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor; 
(iii) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. (25%) of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. (25%) of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entities that 
succeed to more than twenty-five per cent. (25%) of the Relevant Obligations will each 
be a Successor and these Terms and Conditions and/or the Applicable Transaction 
Terms will be adjusted as provided below; 
(iv) 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. (25%) of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and more than twenty-five per cent. (25%) of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity 
and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor and these Terms and Conditions 
and/or the Applicable Transaction Terms will be adjusted as provided below; 
(v) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, 
to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds 
to more than twenty-five per cent. (25%) of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the 
Reference Entity will not be changed in any way as a result of such succession;  
(vi) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, 
to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds 
to more than twenty-five per cent. (25%) of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest 
percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if two (2) or 
more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such entity 
will be a Successor and these Terms and Conditions and/or the Applicable Transaction 
Terms will be adjusted as provided below); and 
(vii) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of 
the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, 
and at the time of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, 
or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (howsoever described) 
and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation 
at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption, such entity (the 
"Universal Successor") will be the sole Successor. 
(b) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, 
or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date 
occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately 
prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one 
Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after 
delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the Succession Date, any Successor or Successors 
under paragraph (a) above, provided that the Calculation Agent will not make any such determination if, 
at the time of determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant 
succession to Relevant Obligations.

--- Page 275 ---
- 275 - 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under this 
definition of Successor on the basis of Eligible Information and will, as soon as practicable after such 
calculation or determination, make such calculation or determination available for inspection by 
Noteholders at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of Book-Entry Notes) 
the specified office of the Iberclear Paying Agent. In calculating the percentages used to determine 
whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under paragraph (a) above, if there is a Steps Plan, the 
Calculation Agent shall consider all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if 
forming part of a single succession. 
Where pursuant to paragraph (a)(iii), (a)(iv), (a)(vi) or (b) above, more than one Successor has been 
identified, the Calculation Agent shall adjust such of these Terms and Conditions and/or the Applicable 
Transaction Terms as it shall determine to be appropriate to reflect that the Reference Entity has been 
succeeded by more than one Successor and shall determine the effective date of that adjustment. The 
Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be acting in a commercially reasonable manner if it adjusts such 
of these Terms and Conditions and/or the Applicable Transaction Terms in such a manner as to reflect 
the adjustment to and/or division of any credit derivative transaction(s) related to or underlying the Notes 
under the provisions of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment and notifying the Issuer of such adjustment, the 
Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
stating the adjustment to these Terms and Conditions and/or the Applicable Transaction Terms and 
giving brief details of the relevant Successor event. 
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") jointly succeed to a Relevant Obligation 
(the "Joint Relevant Obligation") either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, then (i) if the 
Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference Entity, it shall be treated as having 
been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which 
succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the Joint Relevant 
Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint 
Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant 
Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal 
parts. 
For the purposes of this definition of "Successor", "succeed" means, with respect to the Reference Entity 
and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or becomes liable 
for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement (including, with 
respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, 
entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the "Exchange Bonds or Loans") 
that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a 
direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such 
Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For purposes of this definition of "Successor", "succeeded" 
and "succession" shall be construed accordingly. In the case of an exchange offer, the determinations 
required pursuant to paragraph (a) of this definition of "Successor" shall be made on the basis of the 
outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding 
principal balance of the Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
The Calculation Agent will also determine the Standard Terms as set out in Credit Linked Condition 22 
which will apply to any Successor and/or all relevant elections in respect of the Successor for purposes 
of the Applicable Transaction Terms in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Successor Backstop Date" means, for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is ninety (90) calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date, 
otherwise the date that is ninety (90) calendar days prior to the earlier of (a) the date on which the 
Successor Notice is effective and (b) in circumstances where (i) a Successor Resolution Request Date 
has occurred, (ii) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a 
Successor determination and (iii) the Successor Notice is delivered not more than fourteen (14) calendar 
days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, the Successor 
Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention.

--- Page 276 ---
- 276 - 
"Successor Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that describes a succession 
(or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in respect of 
which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors to the Reference 
Entity can be determined. 
A Successor Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination to be made pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor above. 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary requesting 
that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors to 
the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision. In relation to a Credit Event (and as 
set out in the definition of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms), ISDA may publish one or more 
form(s) of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor 
website thereto) and may amend such forms from time to time. Each such form of Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms shall set out, inter alia, definitions of "Auction", "Auction Cancellation Date", 
"Auction Covered Transaction" and "Auction Final Price Determination Date" in relation to the relevant 
Credit Event. The Transaction Auction Settlement Terms for purposes of the Notes shall be the relevant 
form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for which the Reference Transaction would be an 
Auction Covered Transaction (as such term will be set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms). The Reference Transaction (as set out in the definition thereof) is a hypothetical 
credit derivative transaction included in these Credit Linked Conditions principally for the purpose of 
selecting the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms appropriate to the Notes. 
"Undeliverable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Asset Amount which, on 
the Credit Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines for any 
reason (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, 
regulation, court order, contractual restrictions, statutory restrictions or market conditions but excluding 
the non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the Delivery of Loans or non-delivery of an 
Asset Transfer Notice or, in the case of Book-Entry Notes, an Iberclear Settlement Instruction or any 
information by a Noteholder) is impossible or illegal to Deliver on the Credit Settlement Date. 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the 
guarantee. 
"Underlying Obligor" means, with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, 
the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying Obligation. 
"Unwind Costs" means the amount specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or if "Standard 
Unwind Costs" are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs (including loss of funding), fees, 
charges, expenses, tax and duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in connection with 
the redemption of the Notes and the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any Hedging 
Arrangements, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst each of the Notes. 
"Valuation Date" means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 10 (Settlement Suspension): 
(a) 
where Physical Delivery is specified as applying in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the day 
falling two (2) Business Days after the Final Delivery Date (as such term is defined in Credit 
Linked Condition 21 (Physical Delivery)) or such other earlier date determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the Hedging Arrangements (if any) or otherwise; 
(b) 
(i) 
if "Single Valuation Date" is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms and subject 
to Credit Linked Condition 10 (Settlement Suspension), the date that is the number of 
Business Days specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms (or, if the number of 
Business Days is not so specified, five (5) Business Days) following the Credit Event 
Determination Date (or, if the Credit Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to

--- Page 277 ---
- 277 - 
paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date above or 
paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date, 
the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs) (or, if "Cash Settlement" 
is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with paragraph 
(a) or (b) of Credit Linked Condition 2 (Auction Settlement) above, the date that is the 
number of Business Days specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms (or, if the 
number of Business Days is not so specified, five (5) Business Days) following the 
Auction Cancellation Date, if any, or the relevant No Auction Announcement Date, if 
any, as applicable); and 
(ii) 
if "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, each 
of the following dates: 
(A) 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 10 (Settlement Suspension), the date that 
is the number of Business Days specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
(or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, five (5) Business Days) 
following the Credit Event Determination Date (or if the Credit Event 
Determination Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of 
Credit Event Determination Date above or paragraph (b)(i) of the definition 
of Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date, the day on which the DC 
Credit Event Announcement occurs) (or if Cash Settlement is the applicable 
Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with paragraph (a) or (b) of Credit 
Linked Condition 2 (Auction Settlement) above, the date that is the number 
of Business Days specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms (or, if the 
number of Business Days is not so specified, five (5) Business Days) 
following the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, or the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date, if any, as applicable); and 
(B) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not so 
specified, five (5) Business Days) after the date on which the Calculation 
Agent obtains a Market Value with respect to the immediately preceding 
Valuation Date. 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the total 
number of Valuation Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms (or, if the number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, five (5) 
Valuation Dates). 
If neither Single Valuation Date nor Multiple Valuation Dates is specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, Single Valuation Date shall apply. 
"Valuation Method": 
(a) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms with 
only one Valuation Date: 
(i) 
"Market" means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to the Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
"Highest" means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to the Valuation Date. 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Valuation 
Method shall be Highest. 
(b) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms with 
more than one Valuation Date: 
(i) 
"Average Market" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values 
determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date; or

--- Page 278 ---
- 278 - 
(ii) 
"Highest" means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to any Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
"Average Highest" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations 
obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date. 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Valuation 
Method shall be Average Highest. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) above, if Quotations include Weighted Average 
Quotations or fewer than two (2) Full Quotations, the Valuation Method shall be Market or 
Average Market, as the case may be. 
(d) 
Where applicable, the Applicable Transaction Terms may specify an alternative Valuation 
Method which shall be applicable in respect of the relevant Notes. 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no such 
time is specified, 11.00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Reference Obligation. 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted average 
of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, each for an amount of the Reference Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or 
Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount 
(but, of a size at least equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount) that in aggregate are approximately 
equal to the Quotation Amount. 
13. 
Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event 
If this Credit Linked Condition 13 is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, then, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms and Conditions, upon the occurrence of an 
M(M)R Restructuring: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices in respect of such M(M)R 
Restructuring, each such Credit Event Notice setting forth an amount (the "Partial Redemption 
Amount") that may be less than the aggregate principal amount of those Notes outstanding 
immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice. In such circumstances the Credit 
Linked Conditions and related provisions shall be deemed to apply to the Partial Redemption 
Amount only and each such Note shall be redeemed in part (such redeemed part being equal to 
the Partial Redemption Amount). 
(b) 
For the avoidance of doubt (A) the principal amount of each such Note not so redeemed in part 
shall remain outstanding and interest shall accrue on the principal amount outstanding of such 
Note as provided in Condition 5 (Interest Provisions) (adjusted in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate), (B) the Credit Linked Conditions and related 
provisions shall apply to such principal amount outstanding of such Note in the event that 
subsequent Credit Event Notices are delivered in respect of the Reference Entity that was the 
subject of the Restructuring Credit Event and (C) if, following a Restructuring Credit Event, 
different Credit Event Determination Dates have been determined with respect to different 
portions of amounts payable or deliverable to Noteholders under the relevant Series, the 
Calculation Agent will determine (x) such adjustment(s) to these Terms and Conditions and/or 
the Applicable Transaction Terms as may be required to achieve as far as practicable the same 
economic effect as if each such portion was a separate series or otherwise reflect or account for 
the effect of the above provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 13 and (y) the effective date 
of such adjustment(s). 
(c) 
If the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 13 apply in respect of the Notes, on redemption 
of part of each such Note, the relevant Note or, if the Notes are represented by a Global Note, 
such Global Note shall be endorsed to reflect such part redemption. 
(d) 
If any Note represented by a U.S. Global Note Certificate is to be redeemed by Delivery of an 
Asset Amount, the relevant provisions relating to such Delivery shall be set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 279 ---
- 279 - 
14. 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation 
Unless this Credit Linked Condition 14 is specified as not applicable in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of Restructuring and related 
provisions, the occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) of the definition of Restructuring shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation 
in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that (a) at the time of the event which constitutes a 
Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three (3) holders that are not Affiliates of each other and 
(b) (i) is a Bond and/or (ii) is an Obligation with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined 
pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six 
and two-thirds (66⅔) is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event. 
15. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for Physically Settled 
Default Swaps – Monoline Insurer as Reference Entity (September 2014)" 
If this Credit Linked Condition 15 is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
following provisions will apply: 
(a) 
Obligation and Deliverable Obligation. Paragraph (a) of the definition of Obligation in Credit 
Linked Condition 12 (Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes) and paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Deliverable Obligation in Credit Linked Condition 12 (Definitions applicable to 
Credit Linked Notes) are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "as provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee". 
(b) 
Interpretation of Provisions. In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a 
Qualifying Policy, paragraph (ii) (Interpretation of Provisions) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation in Credit Linked Condition 12 (Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes) will 
apply, with references to the Relevant Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying 
Obligor deemed to include the Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured 
Obligor, respectively, except that: 
(i) 
the Obligation Category Borrowed Money and the Obligation Category and 
Deliverable Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed to include distributions 
payable under an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the Deliverable Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed 
to include such an Insured Instrument, and the terms "obligation" and "obligor" as used 
in these Credit Linked Conditions in respect of such an Insured Instrument shall be 
construed accordingly; 
(ii) 
references in the definitions of Assignable Loan and Consent Required Loan to the 
"guarantor" and "guaranteeing" shall be deemed to include the "insurer" and 
"insuring", respectively; 
(iii) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant 
date the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of Accelerated or Matured, whether or 
not that characteristic is otherwise specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms; 
(iv) 
if the Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation or 
Transferable Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms and if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part 
of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at 
least to the same extent as the Insured Instrument; 
(v) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the term "maturity", as such term is used in the Maximum 
Maturity Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, shall mean the specified date by which 
the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution 
of the Certificate Balance will occur; and

--- Page 280 ---
- 280 - 
(vi) 
with respect to a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, only the Qualifying 
Policy must satisfy on the relevant date or dates the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, if applicable. 
(c) 
Outstanding Principal Balance. References in paragraph (a) of the definition of "Outstanding 
Principal Balance" in Credit Linked Condition 12 (Definitions applicable to Credit Linked 
Notes) to a Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed 
to include a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor respectively. 
Any provisions of an Insured Instrument limiting recourse in respect of such Insured Instrument 
to the proceeds of specified assets (including proceeds subject to a priority of payments) or 
reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments owing under such Insured Instruments shall 
be disregarded for the purposes of limb (ii) of paragraph (b) of the definition of "Outstanding 
Principal Balance" provided that such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying Policy by 
the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, the 
Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent any such limitation or 
reduction. 
(d) 
Deliver. For the purposes of the definition of "Deliver" in Credit Linked Condition 12 
(Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes), "Deliver" with respect to an obligation that is 
a Qualifying Policy means to Deliver both the Insured Instrument and the benefit of the 
Qualifying Policy (or a custodial receipt issued by an internationally recognised custodian 
representing an interest in such an Insured Instrument and the related Qualifying Policy), and 
"Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Provisions for Determining a Successor. Paragraph (a), the paragraph commencing "If two or 
more entities…" and the paragraph commencing "For the purposes of this definition of 
"Successor"…", in each case in the definition of "Successor" in Credit Linked Condition 12 
(Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes) are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying 
Policy" after each occurrence of "a Relevant Guarantee". Such paragraph commencing "If two 
or more entities …" will be further amended by adding "or provider of a Qualifying Policy" 
after "as guarantor or guarantors". 
(f) 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation and 
Substitution Event. The definition of "Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation", 
paragraph (c)(i) of the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" and paragraph (b)(ii) of 
"Substitution Event" are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "a guarantee". 
(g) 
Restructuring 
(i) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate 
or similar funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect thereto, 
paragraphs (a) to (e) inclusive of the definition of "Restructuring" in Credit Linked 
Condition 12 (Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes) are hereby amended to 
read as follows: 
"(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments in paragraph 
(A)(x) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph 
(A)(y) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (x) the payment 
or accrual of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph (A)(x) of the 
definition thereof or (y) the payment of the Instrument Payments described in 
paragraph (A)(y) of the definition thereof, in each case that are guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Policy; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of (x) any Obligation under a 
Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation or (y) any

--- Page 281 ---
- 281 - 
Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such Insured Instrument 
to any other instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest issued by the Insured Obligor, it being understood 
that, for this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to include any such 
change that results in a lower ranking under a priority of payments provision 
applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument Payments that are 
guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy to any currency other than the 
lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, the 
United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of 
the aforementioned currencies (which, in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro as a whole)." 
(ii) 
Paragraph (iv) of the definition of "Restructuring" in Credit Linked Condition 12 
(Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes) is hereby amended by adding "or, in 
the case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, where (A) the Qualifying 
Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, that the same Instrument 
Payments will be made on the same dates on which the Qualifying Policy guaranteed 
or insured that such Instrument Payments would be made prior to such event and (B) 
such event is not a change in the ranking in the priority of payment of the Qualifying 
Policy" at the end thereof. 
(iii) 
The definition of "Restructuring" in Credit Linked Condition 12 (Definitions 
applicable to Credit Linked Notes) is hereby amended by the insertion of the following 
paragraph after the final paragraph thereof: 
"For purposes of this definition of "Restructuring" and, if Credit Linked Condition 14 
(Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation) is specified as applying in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, for the purposes of Credit Linked Condition 14 (Provisions relating to 
Multiple Holder Obligation), the term "Obligation" shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy. In the 
case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, references to the Reference Entity in this 
definition of "Restructuring" shall be deemed to refer to the Insured Obligor with the exception 
of the references to the Reference Entity in paragraph (iv) of this definition of "Restructuring" 
which shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity." 
(h) 
Fully Transferable Obligation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation. In the event that 
"M(M)R Restructuring" applies and a Fully Transferable Obligation or Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the 
requirements of the relevant definition. References in the definition of "Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation" to the "guarantor" and "guaranteeing" shall be deemed to include the 
"insurer" and "insuring" respectively. With respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a 
pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "final maturity date", as 
such term is used in Credit Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement) and the definition of 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date", shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying 
Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate 
Balance will occur. 
(i) 
Other Provisions. For purposes of the definitions of "Credit Event", "Deliver" and "Prohibited 
Action" in Credit Linked Condition 12 (Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes) 
references to the "Underlying Obligation" and the "Underlying Obligor" shall be deemed to 
include "Insured Instruments" and the "Insured Obligor", respectively. 
(j) 
Additional Definitions. 
"Qualifying Policy" means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar financial guarantee 
pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all Instrument Payments 
of an instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as set forth in these Credit Linked 
Conditions) (the "Insured Instrument") for which another party (including a special purpose 
entity or trust) is the obligor (the "Insured Obligor"). Qualifying Policies shall exclude any

--- Page 282 ---
- 282 - 
arrangement (i) structured as a surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or 
(ii) pursuant to the express contractual terms of which the payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity can be discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event 
or circumstance (other than the payment of Instrument Payments). 
"Instrument Payments" means (A) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form of 
a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, (x) the specified periodic 
distributions in respect of interest or other return on the Certificate Balance on or prior to the 
ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (y) the ultimate distribution of the Certificate 
Balance on or prior to a specified date and (B) in the case of any other Insured Instrument, the 
scheduled payments of principal and interest, in the case of both (A) and (B) (1) determined 
without regard to limited recourse or reduction provisions of the type described in paragraph (c) 
above and (2) excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-
whole amounts, early redemption premiums and other similar amounts (whether or not 
guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy). 
"Certificate Balance" means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass 
through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, certificate 
balance or similar measure of unreimbursed principal investment. 
16. 
Determinations and Notices 
(a) 
Determinations and interpretation 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act or exercise judgement in relation to these Credit 
Linked Conditions, unless otherwise specifically stated in these Credit Linked Conditions, it will do so 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as 
practicable after making any determination pursuant to these Credit Linked Conditions, notify the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the Noteholders of such determination. The Calculation Agent is not acting as a 
fiduciary for or as an adviser to the Noteholders in respect of its duties as Calculation Agent in connection 
with any Notes. 
The Calculation Agent will determine the day on which an event occurs for purposes of these Credit 
Linked Conditions on the basis the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean 
Time (or, if the Reference Entity has a material connection to Japan for these purposes, Tokyo time), 
irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be 
deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event 
or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to 
be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent pursuant to these Credit Linked Conditions 
shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Noteholders. Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to make any determination it may, inter alia, 
decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the 
Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or its discretion under the 
Notes including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the 
validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion, and none 
of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall, in the absence of wilful misconduct and 
gross negligence, bear any liability in respect of, or consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or 
forbearance. 
In addition, if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on 
the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have 
occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Reference Entity has a material 
connection to Japan for these purposes, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment. 
(b) 
Notices 
Any notice to be delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, pursuant 
to these Credit Linked Conditions may be given in writing (including by facsimile and/or email) and/or 
by telephone and will be effective when given. If the notice is delivered by telephone, a written 
confirmation will be executed and delivered confirming the substance of that notice within one (1)

--- Page 283 ---
- 283 - 
Calculation Agent City Business Day of that notice. Failure to provide that written confirmation will not 
affect the effectiveness of that telephonic notice. 
17. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for LPN Reference 
Entities" (published on 15 September 2014) 
If this Credit Linked Condition 17 is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Credit Linked Conditions, the following provisions will 
apply: 
(a) 
provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation will be deemed to be Not Applicable with 
respect to any Reference Obligation (and any Underlying Loan); 
(b) 
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
the Credit Linked Conditions including, but not limited to, the definition of "Obligation" in 
Credit Linked Condition 12 (Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes), and in particular, 
notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(c) 
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Credit Linked Conditions including, but not limited to, the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation" in Credit Linked Condition 12 (Definitions applicable to Credit 
Linked Notes) and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of the 
Reference Entity. 
For the avoidance of doubt with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies an 
Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance Instrument, the outstanding principal balance shall 
be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as 
applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation. 
The Not Subordinated Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall 
be construed by reference to the Prior Reference Obligation; 
(d) 
the definition of Reference Obligation shall be deleted and the following substituted therefor: 
""Reference Obligation" means each of the obligations listed as a Reference Obligation of the 
Reference Entity in the Applicable Transaction Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN 
Reference Obligations List (each a "Markit Published LPN Reference Obligation"), as 
published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the Trade Date (which list 
is, 
as 
of 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus, 
available 
at 
http://www.markit.com/marketing/services.php), any Additional LPN and each Additional 
Obligation. Each Reference Obligation determined in accordance with the foregoing will be a 
Reference Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Credit Linked Conditions, 
and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity. 
The Standard Reference Obligation shall not apply. 
It is intended that there may be more than one Reference Obligation, as a result of which all 
applicable references in the Credit Linked Conditions to "the Reference Obligation" shall be 
construed as a reference to "a Reference Obligation", and all other provisions of the Credit 
Linked Conditions shall be construed accordingly. No Substitution Event may occur and no 
Substitute Reference Obligation may be determined in respect of an LPN Reference Obligation 
and the definitions of Substitution Event and Substitute Reference Obligation in this Credit 
Linked Condition 12 (Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes) shall be construed 
accordingly."; 
(e) 
the definition of Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation shall be deleted and the following 
substituted therefor: 
""Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference 
Entity (either directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference 
Obligation in respect of such Reference Entity in the Applicable Transaction Terms (if any is 
so specified).";

--- Page 284 ---
- 284 - 
(f) 
the following additional definitions shall apply: 
"Additional LPN" means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note (an "LPN") 
by an entity (the "LPN Issuer") for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to 
(a) finance a loan to the Reference Entity (the "Underlying Loan") or (b) provide finance to 
the Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument (the 
"Underlying Finance Instrument"), provided that (i) either (x) in the event that there is an 
Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN the Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation 
Characteristics specified in respect of the Reference Entity or (y) in the event that there is an 
Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to such LPN the Underlying Finance Instrument 
satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not Domestic Law and Not Domestic Currency Obligation 
Characteristics; (ii) the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Transferable, Not Bearer, Credit Linked Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies, 
Not Domestic Law, Not Domestic Issuance; and (iii) the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of 
such obligation, granted a First Ranking Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in 
relation to the relevant Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for 
the benefit of the holders of the LPNs. 
"Additional Obligation" means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of 
the Reference Entity in the Applicable Transaction Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN 
Reference Obligations List (each a "Markit Published LPN Reference Obligation"), as 
published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the Trade Date (which list 
is, 
as 
of 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus, 
available 
at 
http://www.markit.com/marketing/services.php). 
"First Ranking Interest" means a charge, security interest (or other type of interest having 
similar effect) (an "Interest"), which is expressed as being "first ranking", "first priority", or 
similar ("First Ranking") in the document creating such Interest (notwithstanding that such 
Interest may not be First Ranking under any insolvency laws of any related insolvency 
jurisdiction of the LPN Issuer). 
"LPN Reference Obligation" means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional 
Obligation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in 
accordance with its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation constituting a 
Reference Obligation. 
Each LPN Reference Obligation is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN 
Issuer to finance a loan to the Reference Entity. For the purposes of the Credit Linked 
Conditions each such loan shall be an Underlying Loan. 
18. 
Amendment of Credit Linked Conditions in accordance with Market Convention 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time amend any provision of these Credit Linked Conditions in 
any manner which the Calculation Agent determines in a commercially reasonable manner is necessary 
or desirable (i) to incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or alternative documents or protocols from time 
to time published by ISDA with respect to the documentation, trading or settlement of credit derivative 
transactions and/or (y) the operation or application of determinations by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees and/or (ii) to reflect or account for market practice for credit derivative 
transactions and/or reflect the Hedging Arrangements of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates. Any 
amendment made in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 18 (Amendment of Credit Linked 
Conditions in accordance with Market Convention) shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices). 
19. 
Early redemption of Reference Obligation Only Notes following a Substitution Event 
If the Notes are Reference Obligation Only Notes relating to a single Reference Entity and the event set 
out in paragraph (a) of the definition of Substitution Event above occurs with respect to the Reference 
Obligation, then:

--- Page 285 ---
- 285 - 
(a) 
interest (if any) shall cease to accrue on the Credit Linked Notes from and including the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the relevant Substitution Event Date or, if no Interest 
Payment Date has occurred, no interest will accrue on the Credit Linked Notes; and 
(b) 
each principal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount set out in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms will be redeemed by the Issuer at its relevant Reference 
Obligation Only Termination Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, 
the Applicable Transaction Terms in the Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, which for 
the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 19 (Early redemption of Reference Obligation 
Only Notes following a Substitution Event) shall be the day falling five (5) Business Days 
following the relevant Substitution Event Date. 
20. 
DC Resolution Adjustment Events 
If following the publication of a DC Resolution (the "Prior DC Resolution"), a further DC Resolution 
(the relevant "Further DC Resolution") is published the effect of which would be to reverse all or part 
of the Prior DC Resolution or if any DC Resolution would reverse any determination made by the 
Calculation Agent and/or the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date, notwithstanding any 
other provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, make any adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent determines is necessary or desirable to the 
Conditions or these Credit Linked Conditions to reflect the publication of such Further DC Resolution 
or DC Resolution, including, without limitation, as a result of the impact or effect of such Further DC 
Resolution or DC Resolution on the Hedging Arrangements. 
21. 
Physical Delivery 
(a) 
Terms used in this Credit Linked Condition 21 but not defined in the Conditions shall be as defined in 
the relevant global Note.If any Credit Linked Note, other than a Credit Linked Note represented by a 
U.S. Global Note Certificate, is to be redeemed by Delivery of the Asset Amount, in order to obtain 
Delivery of the Asset Amount in respect of such Credit Linked Note: 
(X) 
if such Note is represented by a Global Note, the relevant Noteholder must deliver to Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable) in a form acceptable thereto, with a copy to the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent no later than the close of business in each 
place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice in the form 
described below; 
(Y) 
if such Note is in definitive form, the relevant Noteholder must deliver (i) if such Note is a 
Bearer Note, to any Paying Agent or (ii) if such Note is a Registered Note in the Registrar or 
any Paying Agent, with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent no later than the close of business 
in each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice, a copy 
of which may be obtained from the specified office of the Registrar or any Paying Agent; and 
(Z) 
if such Note is a Book-Entry Note: 
i. 
where the Asset Amount is also a security (or securities) included in Iberclear's book-
entry register, then the Iberclear Paying Agent must receive instructions from each 
Iberclear Member holding Book-Entry Notes on the Cut-off Date. Such instructions 
shall include complete settlement instructions, incorporating relevant information in 
respect of the Noteholders holding Book-Entry Notes through each Iberclear Member 
and an undertaking to pay all Delivery Expenses and such instructions shall include 
(or be accompanied by) certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership. Each 
Iberclear Member holding Book-Entry Notes must block such Book-Entry Notes in the 
relevant account from and including the Cut-off Date; and 
ii. 
where the Asset Amount comprises an instrument (or instruments) not included in 
Iberclear's book-entry register, each Iberclear Member holding Book-Entry Notes on 
the Cut-off Date must send timely and full settlement instructions to the Iberclear 
Paying Agent sufficient to allow the Issuer to make delivery of the Asset Amount in 
the relevant clearing system (where relevant) or otherwise on the Credit Settlement 
Date in accordance with the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 21 and such

--- Page 286 ---
- 286 - 
instructions shall include (or be accompanied by) certification as to non U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the settlement instructions contemplated by this sub-
paragraph (Z) apply, this replaces the requirement to deliver an Asset Transfer Notice in 
accordance with the provisions below. All instructions for settlement to be delivered in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph (Z) will be referred to as the "Iberclear Settlement 
Instruction". 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (i) if such Note is represented by a Global Note or an 
International Global Note Certificate, in such manner as is acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, or (ii) if such Note is represented by a U.S. Global Note Certificate, in 
such manner as is acceptable to DTC, or (iii) if such Note is in definitive form, in writing. 
If this Note is in definitive form, this Note must be delivered together with the duly completed Asset 
Transfer Notice. 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of the relevant Noteholder and the 
person from whom the Issuer may obtain details for the Delivery of the Asset Amount; 
(ii) 
specify the series number of the Notes and the number of Notes which are the subject of such 
notice; 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, specify the principal amount which is the 
subject of such notice and the number of the Noteholder's account at Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited with such Notes and irrevocably instruct and 
authorise the relevant Clearance System to debit the relevant Noteholder's account with such 
Notes on or before the Credit Settlement Date; 
(iv) 
include an undertaking to pay all Delivery Expenses (as defined below) and, in the case of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, an authority to debit a specified account of the Noteholder with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be in respect thereof and to pay such 
Delivery Expenses; 
(v) 
include such details as are required for Delivery of the Asset Amount which may include 
account details and/or the name and address of any person(s) into whose name evidence of the 
Asset Amount is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom documents 
evidencing the Asset Amount are to be delivered and specify the name and number of the 
Noteholder's account to be credited with any cash payable by the Issuer (including in respect of 
any Partial Cash Settlement Amounts if applicable); 
(vi) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Note is not a U.S. person (as defined in the Asset 
Transfer Notice), the Note is not being redeemed within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. 
person and no cash, securities or other property have been or will be delivered within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any redemption 
thereof; and 
(vii) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings. 
The form of Asset Transfer Notice will be made available by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance 
with such procedures as will be confirmed by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
following any determination by the Issuer that the Notes are to be redeemed by Delivery of the Asset 
Amount. 
(b) 
Notification of Deliverable Obligations 
The Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders prior to the relevant Credit Settlement Date of the Deliverable 
Obligations comprising the Asset Amount that it reasonably expects to Deliver. For the avoidance of

--- Page 287 ---
- 287 - 
doubt, the Issuer shall be entitled to select any of the Deliverable Obligations to constitute the Asset 
Amount, irrespective of their market value. 
(c) 
Verification of the Noteholder 
In the case of Notes (i) represented by a Global Note, upon receipt of an Asset Transfer Notice, Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, or (ii) that are Book-Entry Notes, upon receipt of an 
Iberclear Settlement Instruction, Iberclear, shall verify that the person delivering the Asset Transfer 
Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction, as the case may be, is the holder of the principal amount of 
the Notes described therein according to its records. Subject thereto, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, will confirm to the Principal Paying Agent the series number and 
number of Notes the subject of such notice, the relevant account details and the details for the Delivery 
of the Asset Amount of each Note. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Principal Paying Agent will 
inform the Issuer thereof. Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will on or before 
the Credit Settlement Date, debit the securities account of the relevant Noteholder with the Notes that 
are the subject of such Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction, as the case may be. 
(d) 
Determinations and Delivery Expenses 
Any determination as to whether an Asset Transfer Notice or the Iberclear Settlement Instruction, as the 
case may be, is duly completed and in proper form shall be made, in the case of Notes represented by a 
Global Note or an International Global Note Certificate, by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, or, in the case of Notes represented by U.S. Global Note Certificates, Notes in definitive 
form or Notes which are Book-Entry Notes, by the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, in each case, in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent (as applicable), and shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agent(s) and the relevant Noteholder. Subject as set out 
below, any Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction, as the case may be, so determined 
to be incomplete or not in proper form, or which is not copied to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case 
of Notes other than Book-Entry Notes) immediately after being delivered or sent as provided in paragraph 
(a) above, shall be null and void. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of, in the case of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, or, in the case 
of Note in definitive form, by the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, in each 
case in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent (as applicable), it shall be deemed to be a new Asset 
Transfer Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered as provided above. 
If such Iberclear Settlement Instruction, is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the Iberclear 
Paying Agent it shall be deemed to be a new Iberclear Settlement Instruction submitted at the time such 
correction was delivered as provided above  
No Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by 
the relevant Clearance System, the Registrar or a Paying Agent, as the case may be, as provided above. 
After delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction, the relevant Noteholder 
may not transfer the Notes which are the subject of such notice. 
All costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses including any applicable depositary charges, transaction or 
exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or other 
costs, duties or taxes (together with any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto and any 
interest in respect of such additions or penalties) which the Calculation Agent determines may be or 
would be, or would have been incurred (i) in connection with the redemption of the Notes and/or the 
Delivery or transfer of the Asset Amount in respect of such Notes and (ii) by the Issuer or any Affiliate 
had such entity unwound or varied any Hedging Arrangements in respect of the Note ("Delivery 
Expenses") shall be for the account of the relevant Noteholder and no Asset Amount will be Deliverable 
until the relevant Delivery Expenses have been met or otherwise accounted for to the satisfaction of the 
Issuer. 
(e) 
Delivery 
(i) 
Subject to:

--- Page 288 ---
- 288 - 
(A) 
an Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction, as applicable, having been 
duly delivered as provided above on or prior to the Cut-Off Date; and 
(B) 
all Delivery Expenses having been paid or otherwise accounted for to the satisfaction 
of the Issuer by the relevant Noteholder, 
the Issuer shall, at the risk of the relevant Noteholder, Deliver or procure the Delivery of the Asset 
Amount of each Note, pursuant to the details specified in the Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear 
Settlement Instruction, as applicable, or in such commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation 
Agent shall in its sole discretion determine and notify to the person designated by the Noteholder in the 
relevant Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction, as applicable, on the Credit Settlement 
Date. Where the Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction, as applicable, stipulates that 
the Asset Amount should be Delivered to a specified clearing system, the Issuer's or the Guarantor's 
obligation to Deliver such Asset Amount will be discharged by Delivery to, or to the order of, the relevant 
clearing system and each of the persons shown in the records of the relevant clearing system as the 
account holder must look solely to the relevant clearing system for his share of any Asset Amount so 
Delivered. 
(ii) 
If a Noteholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice or (in the case of Book-Entry Notes) an 
Iberclear Settlement Instruction as provided herein with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent, 
on or prior to the Cut-Off Date, then: 
(A) 
the Issuer may elect, in its sole discretion to Deliver or procure the Delivery of the 
aggregate Asset Amounts for all such affected Notes, at the risk of the relevant 
Noteholder, to, or to the order of, any relevant Clearance System(s) in which the Notes 
are held and its obligation to Deliver any such Asset Amount so Delivered shall be 
discharged thereby. Each of the persons shown in the records of the relevant Clearance 
System as the holder of a particular amount of the Notes must look solely to the 
relevant Clearance System for his share of each such Asset Amount so Delivered to, 
or to the order of, such Clearance System. For the purposes of paragraph (iv) below, 
each Clearance System will be deemed to be a single Noteholder and each Clearance 
System will be requested to divide and deliver such Asset Amounts in accordance with 
its rules; or 
(B) 
the Asset Amount(s) will be Delivered as soon as practicable after the Scheduled Credit 
Settlement Date (in which case, such date of Delivery shall be deemed to be the Credit 
Settlement Date) at the risk of such Noteholder in the manner provided below, 
provided that if, in respect of a Note, an Asset Transfer Notice or an Iberclear 
Settlement Instruction (as applicable) is not delivered to each relevant party prior to 
the close of business in each place of reception on the day falling 180 calendar days 
after the Cut-Off Date, the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor in respect of 
such Note shall be discharged and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall have any 
liability in respect thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstances such 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, as a 
result of such Credit Settlement Date falling after the date fixed for redemption and no 
liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. 
(iii) 
To the extent that the Issuer is not satisfied that the Delivery Expenses have been or will be paid 
in full by the relevant Noteholder on or prior to the relevant Credit Settlement Date, the Issuer 
may, in its sole discretion, elect to reduce the Asset Amount(s) to be Delivered to that 
Noteholder by an amount(s) which by market value (determined at the time of reduction by 
reference to such valuation sources as the Issuer determines appropriate) in aggregate is at least 
equal to the aggregate Delivery Expenses that it determines, in its sole discretion, have not been 
paid or otherwise accounted for (the Asset Amount as so reduced, the "Reduced Asset 
Amount"). Where the Issuer elects to make such a reduction, in accordance with this Credit 
Linked Condition 21(e)(iii) the Issuer's obligation to Deliver the Asset Amount(s) shall be 
discharged in full by Delivery of the Reduced Asset Amount(s) in accordance with the 
provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 21(e). The provisions of these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall apply mutatis mutandis to any such Delivery of the Reduced Asset Amount.

--- Page 289 ---
- 289 - 
(iv) 
For the purpose of determining the Asset Amounts in respect of the Notes, Notes held by the 
same Noteholder will be aggregated. The aggregate Asset Amount(s) to be delivered in respect 
of each such aggregated holding will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the relevant 
Deliverable Obligation (or, where there is more than one type of Deliverable Obligation, each 
of the Deliverable Obligations), as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine. Therefore, fractions of the Deliverable Obligation or of each of the Deliverable 
Obligations, as the case may be, will not be delivered but in lieu thereof the Issuer shall pay to 
the Noteholders in respect of their respective holding an additional amount in the Specified 
Currency equal to the fair market value of such fraction(s) in such manner as shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and notified 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(v) 
Delivery of the Asset Amount in respect of the Notes is subject to all applicable laws, 
regulations and practices in force on the Credit Settlement Date and none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of their Affiliates or agents and the Paying Agents shall incur any liability 
whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions contemplated, after using all reasonable 
efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any of their Affiliates or agents and the Paying Agents shall under any circumstances be 
liable for any acts or defaults of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC in relation to 
the performance of their duties in relation to the Notes. 
(f) 
General 
After Delivery of an Asset Amount in respect of a Note and for the Intervening Period, none of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and any other person shall at any time (i) be under any obligation 
to deliver or procure delivery to any Noteholder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such Note any 
letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or, except as provided herein, payment 
whatsoever received by that person in respect of the securities, obligations or Deliverable Obligations 
included in such Asset Amount, (ii) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all 
rights (including voting rights) attaching to such securities, obligations or Deliverable Obligations 
included in such Asset Amount or (iii) be under any liability to a Noteholder or any subsequent beneficial 
owner of such Note in respect of any loss or damage which such Noteholder, or subsequent beneficial 
owner, may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of that person being registered 
during such Intervening Period as legal owner of such securities, obligations or Deliverable Obligations 
included in such Asset Amount. 
(g) 
Undeliverable Obligations and Hedge Disruption Obligations 
In relation to each Deliverable Obligation constituting the Asset Amount, the Issuer will Deliver or 
procure the Delivery of the relevant Deliverable Obligation in accordance with this Credit Linked 
Condition 21 on the Credit Settlement Date, provided that if all or some of the Deliverable Obligations 
included in the Asset Amount in respect of a Note are Undeliverable Obligations and/or Hedge 
Disruption Obligations, then the Issuer shall continue to attempt to Deliver or, if applicable, shall attempt 
to Deliver where possible all or a portion of such Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption 
Obligations, as the case may be, up to and including (i) the 30th Business Day following the Credit 
Settlement Date or (ii) such earlier date as the Calculation Agent may select and notify to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) taking into account the terms of any Hedging Arrangements 
(the "Final Delivery Date"), provided further that if all or a portion of such Undeliverable Obligations 
or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, are not Delivered by the Final Delivery Date the 
provisions of Credit Linked Condition 9 (Partial Cash Settlement) shall apply. 
(h) 
Notes represented by a U.S. Global Note Certificate 
If any Note represented by a U.S. Global Note Certificate is to be redeemed by Delivery of an Asset 
Amount, the relevant provisions relating to such Delivery shall be set out in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.

--- Page 290 ---
- 290 - 
22. 
Standard Terms 
If Standard Terms are specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the provisions set out 
below in respect of the Standard Terms specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity(s) set out in this Credit Linked Condition 22 shall apply.  
23. 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions 
If this Credit Linked Condition 23 is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
following provisions will apply: 
(a) 
The definition of "Failure to Pay" in Credit Linked Condition 12 shall be deleted and replaced 
with the following:  
""Failure to Pay" means after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period) the failure 
by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with the 
terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure provided that, if an occurrence that would 
constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as a result of action 
taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time 
of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay 
unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, 
principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely available market rate 
of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. If "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is 
specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, then, notwithstanding the 
foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly or indirectly 
either result from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of 
the Reference Entity. In the event that the Calculation Agent makes any such determination, it 
may take into account the guidance note set out in paragraph 3 (Interpretive Guidance) of the 
ISDA 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (published on July 15, 2019).". 
(b) 
The definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" in Credit Linked Condition 12 shall be 
deleted and replaced with the following: 
""Outstanding Principal Balance" means the outstanding principal balance of an obligation 
which will be calculated as follows:  
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition 
of Accrued Interest above, the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment 
obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (i) the Outstanding 
Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the 
Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were 
references to the Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any);  
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms 
of the obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be 
reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event or circumstance (other than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted 
Contingency) (the amount determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above less any 
amounts subtracted in accordance with this paragraph (b), the "Non-Contingent 
Amount"); and

--- Page 291 ---
- 291 - 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance,  
in each case, determined:  
(i) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
either (A) the relevant PSN Effective Date (or, if the terms of the obligation are 
amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or 
(B) the relevant Valuation Date; and  
(ii) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws 
(insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original 
issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purposes of paragraph (ii) above, "applicable laws" shall include any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may 
become, subject.  
If "Fallback Discounting" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, then, 
notwithstanding the above, if (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not 
reduced or discounted under paragraph (ii) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has 
an issue price less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where 
the amount advanced is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal repayment amount, and 
(iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions relating to the accretion over time of the 
amount which would be payable on an early redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan 
that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case may be, then the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser of (a) the Non-
Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined by straight line interpolation between the 
issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal redemption 
amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under 
a Loan is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or principal 
repayment amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation:  
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price 
or amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be 
deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original 
obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the "Original Obligation(s)") at the 
time of such exchange (determined without regard to market or trading value of the 
Original Obligation(s)); and  
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously 
issued by the Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having the same 
issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in exchange for 
the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting 
obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant 
Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into account the interest rate, maturity, level of 
subordination and other terms of the obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall be 
made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.".

--- Page 292 ---
- 292 - 
Part 1 – Corporate Standard Terms 
Standard Terms Standard North 
American 
Corporate 
Standard 
European 
Corporate 
Standard 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance 
Corporate 
Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate 
Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate LPN 
Standard 
Australia 
Corporate & 
Standard New 
Zealand 
Corporate 
Standard Japan 
Corporate 
Standard 
Singapore 
Corporate 
Standard Latin 
American 
Corporate B 
Standard Latin 
American 
Corporate BL 
Standard Asia 
Corporate 
All Guarantees 
Not Applicable 
Applicable 
Applicable 
Applicable 
Applicable 
Applicable 
Applicable 
Applicable 
Applicable 
Applicable 
Applicable 
Credit Event 
Bankruptcy 
Failure to Pay 
Restructuring, if 
specified as 
applicable in the 
applicable Final 
Terms 
Mod R 
Applicable 
Bankruptcy 
Failure to Pay 
Restructuring 
Mod Mod R 
Applicable 
If the Transaction 
Type is a 
Financial 
Transaction 
Type: 
Governmental 
Intervention 
Bankruptcy 
Failure to Pay 
Restructuring 
Bankruptcy 
Failure to Pay 
Grace Period 
Extension: 
Applicable 
Obligation 
Acceleration 
Repudiation/ 
Moratorium 
Restructuring 
Multiple Holder 
Obligation: 
Applicable for 
Loans and Not 
Applicable for 
Bonds 
 
Bankruptcy 
Failure to Pay 
Grace Period 
Extension: 
Applicable 
Obligation 
Acceleration 
Repudiation/ 
Moratorium 
Restructuring 
Multiple Holder 
Obligation: 
Applicable for 
Loans and Not 
Applicable for 
Bonds 
Bankruptcy 
Failure to Pay 
Restructuring 
Mod R 
Applicable 
If the Transaction 
Type is a 
Financial 
Transaction 
Type: 
Governmental 
Intervention 
Bankruptcy 
Failure to Pay 
Payment 
Requirement: 
Japanese 
Payment 
Requirement 
Restructuring 
Multiple Holder 
Obligation: Not 
Applicable 
Default 
Requirement: 
Japanese Default 
Requirement 
Credit Linked 
Condition 13: 
Not Applicable 
If the Transaction 
Type is a 
Financial 
Transaction 
Type: 
Governmental 
Intervention 
Bankruptcy 
Failure to Pay 
Restructuring 
If the Transaction 
Type is a 
Financial 
Transaction 
Type: 
Governmental 
Intervention 
Bankruptcy 
Failure to Pay 
Grace Period 
Extension: 
Applicable 
Obligation 
Acceleration 
Repudiation/ 
Moratorium 
Restructuring 
Multiple Holder 
Obligation: Not 
Applicable 
 
Bankruptcy 
Failure to Pay 
Grace Period 
Extension: 
Applicable 
Obligation 
Acceleration 
Repudiation/ 
Moratorium 
Restructuring 
 
Bankruptcy 
Failure to Pay 
Restructuring 
If the Transaction 
Type is a 
Financial 
Transaction 
Type: 
Governmental 
Intervention 
Obligation 
Category 
Borrowed Money Borrowed Money Borrowed Money Bond or Loan 
Bond or Loan 
Borrowed Money Borrowed Money Bond or Loan 
Bond 
Bond or Loan  
Bond or Loan 
Obligation 
Characteristics 
None 
None 
None 
Not Subordinated 
Not Domestic 
Currency 
Not Subordinated 
Not Domestic 
Currency 
None 
Not Subordinated Not Subordinated 
Credit Linked 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Not Subordinated 
Not Domestic 
Currency 
Not Subordinated 
Not Sovereign 
Lender 
Not Subordinated 
Not Sovereign 
Lender

--- Page 293 ---
- 293 - 
Standard Terms Standard North 
American 
Corporate 
Standard 
European 
Corporate 
Standard 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance 
Corporate 
Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate 
Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate LPN 
Standard 
Australia 
Corporate & 
Standard New 
Zealand 
Corporate 
Standard Japan 
Corporate 
Standard 
Singapore 
Corporate 
Standard Latin 
American 
Corporate B 
Standard Latin 
American 
Corporate BL 
Standard Asia 
Corporate 
Not Domestic 
Law 
Not Domestic 
Issuance 
Not Domestic 
Law 
Not Domestic 
Issuance 
Specified 
Currencies & 
Domestic 
Currency 
Not Sovereign 
Lender 
Not Domestic 
Law 
Not Domestic 
Issuance 
Not Domestic 
Currency 
Not Domestic 
Law 
Not Domestic 
Issuance 
Not Domestic 
Currency 
Not Domestic 
Law 
Not Domestic 
Issuance 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category  
Bond or Loan 
Bond or Loan 
Bond or Loan 
Bond or Loan 
Bond or Loan 
Bond or Loan 
Bond or Loan 
Bond or Loan 
Bond 
Bond or Loan 
Bond or Loan 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics  
Not Subordinated 
Credit Linked 
Specified 
Currency 
Not Contingent 
Assignable Loan 
Consent Required 
Loan 
Transferable 
Maximum 
Maturity: 30 
years 
Not Bearer 
Not Subordinated 
Credit Linked 
Specified 
Currency 
Not Contingent 
Assignable Loan 
Consent Required 
Loan 
Transferable 
Maximum 
Maturity: 30 
years 
Not Bearer 
Not Subordinated 
Credit Linked 
Specified 
Currency 
Not Contingent 
Assignable Loan 
Consent Required 
Loan 
Transferable 
Maximum 
Maturity: 30 
years 
Not Bearer 
Not Subordinated 
Credit Linked 
Specified 
Currency 
Not Domestic 
Law 
Not Contingent 
Not Domestic 
Issuance 
Assignable Loan 
Consent Required 
Loan 
Transferable 
Not Bearer 
Not Subordinated 
Credit Linked 
Specified 
Currency 
Not Domestic 
Law 
Not Contingent 
Not Domestic 
Issuance 
Assignable Loan 
Consent Required 
Loan 
Transferable 
Not Bearer 
Not Subordinated 
Credit Linked 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & 
Domestic 
Currency 
Not Contingent 
Assignable Loan 
Consent Required 
Loan 
Transferable 
Maximum 
Maturity: 30 
years  
Not Bearer 
Not Subordinated 
Credit Linked 
Specified 
Currency  
Not Contingent  
Assignable Loan  
Consent Required 
Loan  
Transferable  
Maximum 
Maturity: 30 
years  
Not Bearer 
Not Subordinated 
Credit Linked 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & 
Domestic 
Currency  
Not Sovereign 
Lender 
Not Contingent  
Assignable Loan  
Transferable  
Maximum 
Maturity: 30 
years  
Not Bearer 
Not Subordinated 
Credit Linked 
Specified 
Currency  
Not Domestic 
Law 
Not Contingent  
Not Domestic 
Issuance 
Transferable  
Not Bearer 
Not Subordinated 
Credit Linked 
Specified 
Currency  
Not Sovereign 
Lender  
Not Domestic 
Law  
Not Contingent  
Not Domestic 
Issuance 
Assignable Loan  
Consent Required 
Loan  
Transferable  
Not Bearer 
Not Subordinated 
Credit Linked 
Specified 
Currency  
Not Sovereign 
Lender 
Not Domestic 
Law 
Not Contingent  
 
Not Domestic 
Issuance 
Assignable Loan  
Transferable  
Maximum 
Maturity: 30 
years  
Not Bearer 
Physical 
Settlement 
Period 
As per definition 
of "Physical 
Settlement 
Period" in Credit 
Linked Condition 
30 Business Days 30 Business Days As per definition 
of "Physical 
Settlement 
Period" in Credit 
Linked Condition 
12 
As per definition 
of "Physical 
Settlement 
Period" in Credit 
Linked Condition 
12 
30 Business Days 30 Business Days 30 Business Days As per definition 
of "Physical 
Settlement 
Period" in Credit 
Linked Condition 
12 
As per definition 
of "Physical 
Settlement 
Period" in Credit 
Linked Condition 
12 
30 Business Days

--- Page 294 ---
- 294 - 
Standard Terms Standard North 
American 
Corporate 
Standard 
European 
Corporate 
Standard 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance 
Corporate 
Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate 
Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate LPN 
Standard 
Australia 
Corporate & 
Standard New 
Zealand 
Corporate 
Standard Japan 
Corporate 
Standard 
Singapore 
Corporate 
Standard Latin 
American 
Corporate B 
Standard Latin 
American 
Corporate BL 
Standard Asia 
Corporate 
12 capped at 30 
Business Days 
Financial 
Reference Entity 
Terms 
Not Applicable 
If the Transaction 
Type is a 
Financial 
Transaction 
Type, Applicable, 
otherwise, Not 
Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
If the Transaction 
Type is a 
Financial 
Transaction 
Type, Applicable, 
otherwise, Not 
Applicable 
If the Transaction 
Type is a 
Financial 
Transaction 
Type, Applicable, 
otherwise, Not 
Applicable 
If the Transaction 
Type is a 
Financial 
Transaction 
Type, Applicable, 
otherwise, Not 
Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
If the Transaction 
Type is a 
Financial 
Transaction 
Type, 
Applicable, 
otherwise, Not 
Applicable 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance 
Terms 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Sovereign No 
Asset Package 
Delivery 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable if 
the Reference 
Entity is the 
Republic of 
Ukraine 
otherwise 
Applicable  
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable if 
the Reference 
Entity is the 
Republic of 
Argentina or the 
Republic of 
Ecuador, 
otherwise 
Applicable 
Not Applicable

--- Page 295 ---
- 295 - 
Part 2 – Sovereign Standard Terms 
Standard Terms 
Standard Asia Sovereign 
Standard Emerging 
European & Middle 
Eastern Sovereign 
Standard Australia 
Sovereign & Standard 
New Zealand 
Sovereign 
Standard Japan 
Sovereign 
Standard Singapore 
Sovereign 
Standard Latin 
America Sovereign 
Standard Western 
European Sovereign 
All Guarantees 
Applicable 
Applicable 
Applicable 
Applicable 
Applicable 
Applicable 
Applicable 
Credit Event 
Failure to Pay  
Repudiation/ Moratorium  
Restructuring 
Failure to Pay  
Grace Period Extension 
Applicable  
Obligation Acceleration  
Repudiation Moratorium  
Restructuring  
Multiple Holder 
Obligation: Not Applicable 
Failure to Pay  
Repudiation/ 
Moratorium  
Restructuring  
Mod R Applicable 
Failure to Pay  
Payment  
Requirement:  
Japanese Payment 
Requirement  
Repudiation/ 
Moratorium  
Restructuring  
Multiple Holder 
Obligation: Not 
Applicable  
Default Requirement: 
Japanese Default 
Requirement 
Credit Linked Condition 
13: Not Applicable 
Failure to Pay  
Repudiation/ Moratorium  
Restructuring 
Failure to Pay  
Grace Period Extension 
Applicable  
Obligation Acceleration  
Repudiation Moratorium  
Restructuring  
Multiple Holder 
Obligation: Not 
Applicable 
Failure to Pay  
Repudiation/ 
Moratorium  
Restructuring 
Obligation 
Category 
Bond or Loan 
Bond 
Borrowed Money 
Borrowed Money 
Bond or Loan 
Bond 
Borrowed Money 
Obligation 
Characteristics 
Not Subordinated  
Not Sovereign Lender  
Not Domestic Law  
Not Domestic Issuance  
Not Domestic Currency 
Not Subordinated  
Not Domestic Law  
Not Domestic Issuance  
Not Domestic Currency 
None 
None 
Not Subordinated  
Credit Linked Specified 
Currency: Standard 
Specified Currencies & 
Domestic Currency  
Not Sovereign Lender 
 
Not Subordinated  
Not Domestic Law  
Not Domestic Issuance  
Not Domestic Currency  
None 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category  
Bond or Loan 
Bond  
Bond or Loan 
Bond or Loan 
Bond or Loan 
Bond 
Bond or Loan

--- Page 296 ---
- 296 - 
Standard Terms 
Standard Asia Sovereign 
Standard Emerging 
European & Middle 
Eastern Sovereign 
Standard Australia 
Sovereign & Standard 
New Zealand 
Sovereign 
Standard Japan 
Sovereign 
Standard Singapore 
Sovereign 
Standard Latin 
America Sovereign 
Standard Western 
European Sovereign 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics  
Not Subordinated 
Credit Linked Specified 
Currency  
Not Sovereign Lender 
Not Domestic Law 
Not Contingent  
Not Domestic Issuance 
Assignable Loan  
Transferable  
Maximum Maturity: 30 
years  
Not Bearer 
Not Subordinated 
Credit Linked Specified 
Currency  
Not Domestic Law  
Not Contingent  
Not Domestic Issuance 
Transferable  
Not Bearer 
Not Subordinated 
Credit Linked Specified 
Currency: Standard 
Specified Currency & 
Domestic Currency 
Not Contingent  
Assignable Loan  
Consent Required Loan 
Transferable  
Maximum Maturity: 30 
years  
Not Bearer 
Credit Linked Specified 
Currency  
Not Contingent  
Assignable Loan  
Consent Required Loan 
Transferable  
Maximum Maturity: 30 
years  
Not Bearer 
Not Subordinated 
Credit Linked Specified 
Currency: Standard 
Specified Currency & 
Domestic Currency 
Not Sovereign Lender 
Not Contingent  
Assignable Loan  
Transferable  
Maximum Maturity: 30 
years  
Not Bearer 
Not Subordinated 
Credit Linked Specified 
Currency  
Not Domestic Law 
Not Contingent  
Not Domestic Issuance 
Transferable  
Not Bearer 
Credit Linked 
Specified Currency  
Not Contingent  
Assignable Loan  
Consent Required 
Loan  
Transferable  
Maximum Maturity: 
30 years  
Not Bearer 
Physical 
Settlement Period 
30 Business Days 
As per definition of 
"Physical Settlement 
Period" in Credit Linked 
Condition 12 
30 Business Days 
30 Business Days 
30 Business Days 
As per definition of 
"Physical Settlement 
Period" in Credit Linked 
Condition 12 
30 Business Days 
Financial 
Reference Entity 
Terms 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance Terms 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Sovereign No 
Asset Package 
Delivery 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable

--- Page 297 ---
- 297 - 
 
ANNEX 6 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes shall comprise the Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes set out below (the "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and subject to completion in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Conditions, the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the Payout 
Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or the Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions and (ii) the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Applicable Transaction Terms 
shall prevail. 
1. 
Non-EM Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 apply unless EM Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject Currency in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(a) 
Disruption Events 
The occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of any Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or 
Subject Currencies, shall be a "Disruption Event": 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance;  
(vii) 
Nationalisation; or 
(viii) 
Renminbi Currency Event, where this is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms; and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to (viii) above 
(inclusive). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of 
the Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. Where a relevant event or circumstance would 
constitute both a Renminbi Currency Event and one or more of the other Disruption Events above then 
the Renminbi Currency Event will be deemed not to have occurred. 
(b) 
Consequences of a Disruption Event 
Upon a Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-
in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (or, if different, the day on which prices for that 
date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant Price Source) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply the applicable Disruption Fallback in determining 
the consequences of the Disruption Event.

--- Page 298 ---
- 298 - 
 
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Settlement Price when a Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is an Averaging 
Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (or, if 
different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced 
by the Price Source). The Calculation Agent shall take the relevant actions specified in either (i), (ii) or 
(iii) below: 
(i) 
if an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent will determine that the relevant 
Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date, as the case may be, shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day (in the case of the Strike Date or Valuation 
Date) or Valid Date (in the case of an Averaging Date, Observation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day), unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the originally scheduled Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, is a Disrupted Day in 
which case the Calculation Agent may determine that the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be (irrespective, in the 
case of an Averaging Date, Observation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an 
Averaging Date, Observation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day, as the case may be) and may determine the Settlement Price by using commercially 
reasonable efforts to determine a Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day taking into consideration all available information that in 
good faith it deems relevant; or 
(ii) 
if an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed 
Redemption on the Occurrence of a Disruption Event is specified as being not applicable in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices), the Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of such Note, less the cost to 
the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payment shall be 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices); or 
(iii) 
if an Averaging Date, any Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed 
Redemption on the Occurrence of a Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of 
each Note less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount") as 
soon as practicable following the occurrence of the Disruption Event (the "Calculated Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall 
redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount plus interest accrued on the Calculated Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount on a daily basis from and including the Calculated Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date, 
each such daily accrual rate being at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost on or about the relevant 
day or (y) if greater, its nominal amount. 
(c) 
Postponement of payment or settlement days 
Where any Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day is postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Condition 1, then the corresponding date for payment or delivery of any asset shall fall on the 
later of (a) the date for such payment or delivery otherwise determined in accordance with the Applicable 
Transaction Terms and (b) the day falling on the Number of Postponement Settlement Days specified in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms (or, if none are so specified, two Business Days) after the last

--- Page 299 ---
- 299 - 
 
occurring Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock out 
Determination Day, as the case may be. 
2. 
EM Currency Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 2 apply where EM Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject Currency in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(a) 
EM Disruption Events 
If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the occurrence of any of the following events, in 
respect of any Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies, shall be an "EM Disruption 
Event": 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) 
Nationalisation;  
(viii) 
Price Materiality; 
(ix) 
Renminbi Currency Event, where this is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms; and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to (ix) above 
(inclusive). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of 
the Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. Where a relevant event or circumstance would 
constitute both a Renminbi Currency Event and one or more of the other EM Disruption Events above 
then the Renminbi Currency Event will be deemed not to have occurred. 
(b) 
Consequences of an EM Disruption Event 
Upon an EM Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be (or, if different, the 
day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant EM FX 
Price Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply in determining 
the consequences of the EM Disruption Event: (a) EM Calculation Agent Determination where the 
applicable EM Disruption Event is other than Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality; and (b) the 
applicable EM Disruption Fallback where the applicable EM Disruption Event is a Price Source 
Disruption or Price Materiality.  
(c) 
Unscheduled Holiday 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a date that would otherwise have been a Settlement Price Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is an Unscheduled 
Holiday in respect of a Subject Currency, then such date shall be the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day after the occurrence of the Unscheduled Holiday, subject as provided above, and provided 
that if such Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, as the case may be, has not occurred on or before the EM Maximum Days of

--- Page 300 ---
- 300 - 
 
Postponement following the originally designated Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, then the next Scheduled 
Trading Day after such period that would have been a Scheduled Trading Day but for the Unscheduled 
Holiday shall be deemed to be the relevant date for valuation and the Settlement Price shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent on such day in its sole discretion acting in good faith having taken into account 
relevant market practice and by reference to such additional source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
(d) 
Cumulative Events 
If "Cumulative Events" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of a 
Settlement Currency then, in no event shall the total number of consecutive calendar days during which 
a Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day 
is deferred due to either (i) an Unscheduled Holiday or (ii) an EM Valuation Postponement (or a 
combination of both (i) and (ii)) exceed the EM Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement in the 
aggregate. If a Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, as the case may be, is postponed by the number of calendar days equal to the EM 
Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement and at the end of such period (i) an Unscheduled Holiday 
shall have occurred or be continuing on the day immediately following such period (the "Final Day"), 
then such Final Day shall be deemed to be the Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, and (ii) if a Price Source 
Disruption shall have occurred or be continuing on the Final Day, then Valuation Postponement shall not 
apply and the Settlement Price shall be determined in accordance with the next applicable EM Disruption 
Fallback. 
(e) 
Postponement of payment or settlement days 
Where any Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day is postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Condition 2, then the corresponding date for payment or delivery of any asset shall fall on the 
later of (a) the date for such payment or delivery otherwise determined in accordance with the Applicable 
Transaction Terms and (b) the day falling on the EM Number of Postponement Settlement Days specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms (or, if none are so specified, two Business Days) after the last 
occurring Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, as the case may be. 
3. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
This Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 3 is applicable only:  
(i) 
if "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in which 
case any payment under the Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-
in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) 
if "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in which 
case any payment under the Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-
out Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(b) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms is the Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time and if a Disruption Event or an 
EM Disruption Event would otherwise have occurred on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, then, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, such Knock-
in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of 
a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
(c) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms is any time or period of time other than the Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation 
Time during the regular trading hours for the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies 
and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the 
one-hour period that begins or ends at the time at which a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event would 
otherwise have occurred, a Disruption Event or an EM Disruption Event occurs or exists, then, unless

--- Page 301 ---
- 301 - 
 
otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event 
shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
4. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If "AER Value Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, then, unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, 
as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, all but 
not some only of the Notes will be automatically redeemed on the Automatic Early Redemption Date 
immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or the last day of the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Period, as applicable, and the Issuer shall redeem each Note at an amount 
equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
5. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). If the Notes 
are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him 
which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note, taking into account the Additional Disruption 
Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
6. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of 
Hedging, in each case if specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, being a term defined in 
Payout Condition 5.2. 
"AER Value Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is: 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Level, (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to 
the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Payout set out in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day and no Noteholder shall 
be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of any such delay.  
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as 
such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Condition 2. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Payout" is as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange

--- Page 302 ---
- 302 - 
 
(FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, 
in the event of an Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day 
determined in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be delayed in accordance with the 
corresponding provisions of the definition of Valuation Date which shall apply mutatis mutandis as if 
references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if any such 
day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified 
as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 1(b) shall apply, or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as 
applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an 
Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion 
that it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes. 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject 
Currencies, splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Disruption Event or EM Disruption Event has occurred. 
"EM Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Settlement Price when an EM Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is an 
Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day 
(or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or 
announced by the EM FX Price Source) being, in respect of a Subject Currency, any of EM Calculation 
Agent Determination, EM First Fallback Reference Price, EM Second Fallback Reference Price and EM 
Valuation Postponement, as so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms for such Subject Currency. 
Where more than one EM Disruption Fallback is so specified then such EM Disruption Fallbacks shall 
apply in the order in which they are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms until the Settlement 
Price can be determined for such exchange rate relating to that Settlement Currency for such Averaging 
Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day.  
Where:

--- Page 303 ---
- 303 - 
 
(a) 
"EM Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Price taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. 
(b) 
"EM First Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Price by reference to the applicable First Fallback Reference Price and, for which 
purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Price to "EM FX Price Source", "EM 
Valuation Time" and "EM Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be 
to "First Fallback EM FX Price Source", "First Fallback Valuation Time" and "First Fallback 
EM Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms shall have the meanings given 
to them in the Applicable Transaction Terms). 
(c) 
"EM Second Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Price by reference to the applicable Second Fallback Reference Price and, for which 
purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Price to "EM FX Price Source", "EM 
Valuation Time" and "EM Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be 
to "Second Fallback EM FX Price Source", "Second Fallback Valuation Time" and "Second 
Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms shall have the 
meanings given to them in the Applicable Transaction Terms).  
(d) 
"EM Valuation Postponement" means that the Settlement Price shall be determined on the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that no such Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted 
Day has occurred on or before the day falling the EM Maximum Days of Postponement 
following the originally designated Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. In such event, the Settlement Price 
shall be determined on the next Scheduled Trading Day after the EM Maximum Days of 
Postponement (notwithstanding the fact that day may be a Disrupted Day) in accordance with 
the next applicable EM Disruption Fallback.  
"EM FX Price Source" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the price source(s) specified as such in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms (or any successor to such price source(s) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent).   
"EM Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days. 
"EM Maximum Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days.  
"EM Number of Settlement Days" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the number of days on 
which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an EM Disruption Event would have 
been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice 
of the foreign exchange market) in the or each Settlement Day Centre specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms (each, an "EM Settlement Day"). Where no such number or zero is so specified, then 
such rate shall be for settlement on the same day.   
"EM Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or, if no such percentage is specified, 3%.  
"EM Primary Rate" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the rate specified as such for such Subject 
Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"EM Secondary Rate" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the rate specified as such for such 
Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"EM Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the time 
at which the EM FX Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is 
calculated. 
"General Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to 
convert a Subject Currency into the Base Currency in a Subject Currency Jurisdiction through customary 
legal channels.

--- Page 304 ---
- 304 - 
 
"General Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible 
to deliver (A) the Base Currency from accounts inside a Subject Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside 
a Subject Currency Jurisdiction or (B) the Subject Currency between accounts inside a Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of a Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental 
authority or (ii) any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank), in each case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, 
receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). Such event will not be 
applicable in the case of Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX. 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the Base Currency, 
Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent 
to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Calculation Agent to 
hedge its obligations under the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on the relevant Averaging Date, 
Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (or, if different, 
the day on which rates for such Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant 
Price Source or EM FX Price Source). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, 
without limitation foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due 
to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed 
an Increased Cost of Hedging. Such event will not be applicable in the case of Notes admitted to trading 
on SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, or otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date.  
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A):  
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Level or (B) within the Knock-in Range, (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day, or (y) in 
respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Knock-in Level" means the FX Knock-in Level or the price, level, amount, percentage or value 
specified as such or otherwise determined in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 
1(a) and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1(b).

--- Page 305 ---
- 305 - 
 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time 
to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1 (Non-
EM Valuation and Disruption Provisions) or, as the case may be, Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked 
Condition 2 (EM Currency Valuation and Disruption Provisions). 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or in the event that the Applicable Transaction 
Terms does not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation 
Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, being a term defined 
in Payout Condition 5.2. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, or otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period.  
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than;  
(ii) 
greater than or equal to;  
(iii) 
less than; or  
(iv) 
less than or equal to,  
the Knock-out Level or (B) within the Knock-out Range, (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) 
in respect of any Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms.  
"Knock-out Level" means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Linked Rate Condition 1(a) and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1(b). 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time 
to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1 (Non-
EM Valuation and Disruption Provisions) or, as the case may be, Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked 
Condition 2 (EM Currency Valuation and Disruption Provisions).

--- Page 306 ---
- 306 - 
 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or in the event that the Applicable Transaction 
Terms does not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Linked Rate Condition 1(a) and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1(b). 
"Material Change in Circumstance" means the occurrence of any event (other than those events 
specified as Disruption Events or, as the case may be, EM Disruption Events) in the Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction beyond the control of the parties to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes which 
makes it impossible (A) for a party to fulfil its obligations under the hedging arrangement or (B) generally 
to fulfil obligations similar to such party's obligations under that hedging arrangement. 
"Nationalisation" means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by 
any Governmental Authority which deprives a party to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes of 
all or substantially all of its assets in the Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if any 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are 
specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is the Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 1(b) shall apply, or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as 
applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an 
Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Price Materiality" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the EM Primary Rate 
differs from any EM Secondary Rate by at least the EM Price Materiality Percentage or if there are 
insufficient responses on the relevant Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day to any survey used to calculate any such rate, then the EM Price 
Materiality Percentage will be deemed to be met.  
"Price Source" means the published source, information vendor or provider containing or reporting the 
rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated as specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which the 
Settlement Price is calculated. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the relevant page specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or any successor to such page or service acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means:  
(a) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as not applicable in respect of 
a Subject Currency, a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a 
Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the principal financial 
centre of each of the Base Currency and the Subject Currency or Subject Currencies. In the case 
of euro, for these purposes, the principal financial centre shall be deemed to mean each of 
Frankfurt and Brussels; and 
(b) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a 
Subject Currency, a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an 
EM Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the or each

--- Page 307 ---
- 307 - 
 
EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
provided that where the Subject Currency is BRL, then notwithstanding the foregoing, if the 
Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day falls on a date that, as the Trade Date, is not a scheduled day on which 
commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an EM Disruption Event would have 
been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market 
practice of the foreign exchange market) in New York City (an "NYC Business Day"), then no 
adjustment to such date shall be made on account of the fact that such date is not an NYC 
Business Day. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes Condition 
1 or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes Condition 2 above, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes relating to a basket of Subject 
Currencies and in respect of a Subject Currency: 
(i) 
unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of such Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the spot rate of 
exchange appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time or Knock-in 
Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if Averaging is not 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange 
of such Subject Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or 
part units) of such Subject Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be 
exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, 
to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on 
behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency 
exchange rates (expressed as aforesaid) at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation 
Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on the relevant Settlement Price 
Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, 
as the case may be, of two or more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation 
Agent) on a foreign exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent), multiplied 
by the relevant Weighting; or 
(ii) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of such Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the rate of 
exchange appearing on the EM FX Price Source at the EM Valuation Time or Knock-
in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if Averaging is 
not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange 
of such Subject Currency per one unit of the Base Currency for settlement on the EM 
Number of Settlement Days, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes relating to a single Subject Currency: 
(i) 
unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of such Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, an amount 
equal to the spot rate of exchange appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as 
applicable, on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
the relevant Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency into the Base 
Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Subject Currency for 
which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, 
the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid 
and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange rates (expressed as aforesaid) at 
the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as

--- Page 308 ---
- 308 - 
 
applicable, on the relevant Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, of two or 
more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign exchange 
market (as selected by the Calculation Agent); or 
(ii) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of such Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the rate of 
exchange appearing on the EM FX Price Source at the EM Valuation Time or Knock-
in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if Averaging is 
not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange 
of such Subject Currency per one unit of the Base Currency for settlement on the EM 
Number of Settlement Days. 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Strike Date, 
Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as 
applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 1(b) (Consequences of a Disruption Event), or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, 
in the event of an Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day 
determined in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions 
of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Subject Currency" means the currency(ies) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
(together, "Subject Currencies"). 
"Subject Currency Jurisdiction" means each country for which the relevant Subject Currency is the 
lawful currency. 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means a day that is not a Scheduled Trading Day and the market was not aware 
of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available information) 
until a time later than 9:00 a.m. local time in the principal financial centre of the Subject Currency two 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to the relevant scheduled Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-
in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day. 
"Valid Date" means, in respect of an Averaging Date or an Observation Date or Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on 
which another Averaging Date or Observation Date or Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, respectively, does not occur. 
"Valuation Date" means any Coupon Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
(a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the 
relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which 
case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 1(b) shall apply, or (b) where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject

--- Page 309 ---
- 309 - 
 
Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for 
such Subject Currency and, in the event of an Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, the resultant day determined in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) day is a Disrupted Day, in 
which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the time at 
which the Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated. 
"Weighting" means, in relation to a Subject Currency, the percentage specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms.

--- Page 310 ---
- 310 - 
 
ANNEX 7 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
If specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to payouts 
shall comprise the Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for payouts set out below (the "Payout 
Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and subject to completion in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or any other Annex and (ii) the Payout Conditions, 
the Payout Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or any other 
Annex and/or the Payout Conditions and (ii) the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Applicable Transaction Terms 
shall prevail. 
1. 
Reference Item Linked Notes 
(a) 
Use of Payout Conditions 
These Payout Conditions set out the methodology for determining various payouts and product features 
in respect of the Notes. The applicable text shown in Payout Conditions 2, 3, 4 and 5 below will be 
extracted, included and completed at the paragraph indicated in the Applicable Transaction Terms on the 
basis that (i) applicable text (including, where appropriate, section headings and terms defined in Payout 
Condition 5 which are required to be completed) from the relevant Payout Condition will be set out at 
the paragraph indicated in the Applicable Transaction Terms and (ii) inapplicable text (and any terms 
defined in Payout Condition 5 which are not required to be completed) need not be included. For the 
avoidance of doubt, a Rate of Interest or a Final Payout may equal the sum of two or more payouts. In 
addition, where Payout Condition 8 (UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes) applies, the words “adjusted by the 
relevant Inflation Adjusted Rate” may be added where appropriate together with the appropriate text 
shown in Payout Conditions  2, 3, 4 and 5 below. 
(b) 
Use of Terms 
Terms in these Payout Conditions or in the Applicable Transaction Terms may be attributed a numerical 
or letter suffix value when included in the Applicable Transaction Terms. Without limitation, the suffix 
can be denoted as "j", "k", "m", "q", "n", "t", "i", "A", "B", "C" or "1", "2", "3" etc. and the term may be 
completed on the basis of the number or numbers represented by "j", "k", "m", "q", "n", "t", "i", "A", 
"B", "C" or "1", "2", "3" etc. as chosen at the time of an issue of Notes. Moreover suffixes may be placed 
in series as necessary, such as "A(1)", "B(1)", "C(1)" etc. When applicable and in order to improve the 
reading and intelligibility of the formula(e) in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the applicable suffixes 
may be included, completed and the relation between the term and the suffix will be explained and may 
be presented as a table, if necessary, in the Applicable Transaction Terms. A term in Payout Condition 5 
may be included in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms section more than once if there is more 
than one number represented by the term "n", "t" or "i". Conjunctions (e.g. or, and, but) and punctuation 
may also be included where appropriate. Suffixes may denote that a relevant term relates to an asset, item 
or date associated with that suffix. 
The constituent parts of any formula(e) or term(s) used in these Payout Conditions and that are to be 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms may be replaced in the Applicable Transaction Terms by 
the prescribed amount, level, or percentage or other value or term (the "Variable Data"). If a Variable 
Data has a value of either zero or one, or is not applicable in respect of the relevant formula(e), then the 
related formula(e) may be simplified, for the purpose of improving the reading and intelligibility in the 
formula(e) in Applicable Transaction Terms, by deleting such Variable Data. 
(c) 
Note types 
The Applicable Transaction Terms will specify the Interest Basis applicable in respect of a Note. Such 
Notes are, where the Interest Basis is: Equity Linked, an "Equity Linked Interest Note"; Inflation 
Linked, an "Inflation Linked Interest Note"; Reference Item Rate Linked, a "Reference Item Rate 
Linked Interest Note"; Fund Linked, a "Fund Linked Interest Note"; ETF Linked, a "ETF Linked 
Interest Note"; Credit Linked, a "Credit Linked Interest Note"; Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked, 
a "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Interest Note"; or EUA Contract Linked, an "EUA Contract 
Linked Interest Note" (each, a "Reference Item Linked Interest Note"). The Notes can also bear no

--- Page 311 ---
- 311 - 
 
interest in which case the Notes may be Zero Coupon Notes, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
The Applicable Transaction Terms will specify the Redemption/Payment Basis applicable in respect of 
a Note. Such Notes are, where the Redemption/Payment Basis is: Equity Linked, an "Equity Linked 
Redemption Note"; Inflation Linked, an "Inflation Linked Redemption Note"; Reference Item Rate 
Linked, a "Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption Note"; ETF Linked, a "ETF Linked 
Redemption Note"; Fund Linked, a "Fund Linked Redemption Note"; Credit Linked, a "Credit 
Linked Redemption Note" ; Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked, a "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Redemption Note"; or EUA Contract Linked, an "EUA Contract Linked Redemption Note" 
(each, a "Reference Item Linked Redemption Note"). 
2. 
Interest Rates Payout Formula(e) and Final Payouts for Reference Item Linked Notes 
2.1 
Interest Rate Payout Formula(e) 
For insertion and completion into Paragraph 18(vi) (Rate of Interest) in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms. Note: where a Rate of Interest is a fixed or floating rate, paragraph 19 or 20 as applicable, in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms should be completed. 
(i) 
"Rate of Interest (i)" 
Rate(i) 
(ii) 
"Rate of Interest (ii)" 
 
(iii) 
"Rate of Interest (iii)" 
 
(iv) 
"Rate of Interest (iv)" 
 
(v) 
"Rate of Interest (v)" 
 
(vi) 
"Rate of Interest (vi)" 
Constant Percentage (i) + Max[Floor Percentage; Leverage∗ 
(Coupon Value(i) – Strike Percentage)] 
(vii) 
"Rate of Interest (vii)" 
 
(viii) 
"Rate of Interest (viii)" "Range Accrual" 
 
(ix) 
"Rate of Interest (ix)" "Digital One Barrier": 
(A) 
If the Coupon Barrier Condition [1] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] 
[Constant Percentage[1]] [select and insert the Interest Payout formula from any one 
of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive) or "Rate of Interest (xxv)"; 
Leverage(i) * Rate(i) + Spread(i) 
Leverage(i) * Reference Spread(i) + Spread(i) 
Previous Interest(i) + Leverage(i) * Reference Item Rate(i) + Spread(i)
Leverage(i) * (Coupon Value(i) + Spread(i)) + Constant Percentage(i) 
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖) *  𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖) + 𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑(𝑖)  * 𝑛𝑁

--- Page 312 ---
- 312 - 
 
for the avoidance of doubt the selected interest payout formula for this paragraph (A) 
may be different from the interest payout formula for paragraph (B)];  
(B) 
Otherwise:  
[zero][Constant Percentage [2]] [select and insert the Interest Payout formula from one 
of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive) or "Rate of Interest (xxv)"; 
for the avoidance of doubt the selected interest payout formula for this paragraph (B) 
may be different from the interest payout formula for paragraph(A)].  
(x) 
"Rate of Interest (x)" "Podium": 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition [1] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Interest Payout formula from any one of 
"Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive) or "Rate of Interest (xxv)"]; 
or 
(B) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition [2] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] and Coupon Barrier Condition [1] is not satisfied 
in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]:  
[Constant Percentage 2] [select and insert the Interest Payout formula from any one of 
"Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive) or "Rate of Interest (xxv)"; 
for the avoidance of doubt the selected interest payout formula for this paragraph (B) 
may be different from the interest payout formula for paragraph(A)];  
(C) 
Otherwise: 
[zero] [Constant Percentage 3] [(select and insert the interest payout formula from any 
one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive) or "Rate of Interest 
(xxv)"; for the avoidance of doubt the selected interest payout formula for this 
paragraph (C) may be different from the interest payout formulae for (A) and (B) 
respectively]. 
(The above provisions of paragraph (B) may be duplicated in case more than two 
Coupon Barriers apply) 
(xi) 
"Rate of Interest (xi)" "Memory Coupon" 
(A) 
If the Barrier Count Condition is satisfied in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
 or 
(B) 
Otherwise, zero. 
(xii) 
"Rate of Interest (xii)" "Counter" 
 
(xiii) 
"Rate of Interest (xiii) – Variable Counter" 
 
(xiv) 
"Rate of Interest (xiv)" "Call with Individual Caps" 
 
Rate(i) + SumRate(i); 
Rate(i) ∗ n 
Rate(n) 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 𝑀𝑖𝑛𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛(𝑖);   𝑅𝐼𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑘) * 𝑀𝑎𝑥 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(𝑖, 𝑘)]  – 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖)
𝐾
𝑘=1
 
+ 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠tan𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖)

--- Page 313 ---
- 313 - 
 
(xv) 
"Rate of Interest (xv)" "Cappuccino" 
 
(xvi) 
"Rate of Interest (xvi)" "Fixed Best" 
 
(xvii) 
"Rate of Interest (xvii)" "Cliquet" 
 
(xviii) 
"Rate of Interest (xviii)" "Cliquet Digital" 
(A) 
If Cliquet Digital Performance is greater than Constant Percentage 1: 
Cliquet Digital Performance; or 
(B) 
If Cliquet Digital Performance is greater than or equal to Constant Percentage 2 and is 
less than or equal to Constant Percentage 1: 
Constant Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
If Cliquet Digital Performance is less than Constant Percentage 2: 
Constant Percentage 2. 
(xix) 
"Rate of Interest (xix)" "Cliquet Digital Lock in" 
 
(xx) 
"Rate of Interest (xx)" "Digital Coupon One Condition" 
(A) 
If the Digital Coupon Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]: 
Rate A(i); or 
(B) 
if the Digital Coupon Condition 1 is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]: 
Rate B(i). 
(xxi) 
"Rate of Interest (xxi)" "Digital Coupon Two Conditions" 
(A) 
If the Digital Coupon Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]: 
Rate A(i); or 
(B) 
If the Digital Coupon Condition 1 is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], but the Digital Coupon Condition 2 is satisfied 
in respect of such [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]: 
Rate B(i); or 
(C) 
Otherwise: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 𝑀𝑖𝑛𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛(𝑖);  (𝑅𝐼𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑘) * 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝐶𝑎𝑝𝑝𝑢𝑐𝑐𝑖𝑛𝑜𝐵𝑎𝑟𝑟𝑖𝑒𝑟𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(𝑖, 𝑘)])– 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖)
𝐾
𝑘=1
 
+ 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠tan𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖)
 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 𝑀𝑖𝑛𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛(𝑖);  (𝑅𝐼𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑘) * 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝑀𝑜𝑑𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(𝑖, 𝑘)])– 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖)
𝐾
𝑘=1
  
𝑀𝑎𝑥  (𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖);  𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(𝑖)]])– 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒,  𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒1
𝑇
𝑖=1
  
𝑀𝑎𝑥 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑘𝑖𝑛;   𝑀𝑎𝑥 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖);  𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(𝑖)]  −𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒1
𝑇
𝑖=1

--- Page 314 ---
- 314 - 
 
Rate C(i). 
(xxii) 
"Rate of Interest (xxii)" – "TARN" 
(A) 
In respect of each Interest Period other than the Target Final Interest Period [and 
provided that an Automatic Early Redemption Event has not occurred]: 
[select and insert the interest payout formula from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to 
"Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive) or "Rate of Interest (xxv)"]; [and] 
(B) 
in respect of the Target Final Interest Period [and provided that an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event has not occurred]: 
Final Interest Rate[; and 
(C) 
In respect of the Interest Period in which an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs: 
Final AER Interest Rate]. 
For the purposes of paragraph (B) [and (C)] above and notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in the Conditions, the Day Count Fraction for the purposes of calculating the Interest Amount 
for the Target Final Interest Period [or the Interest Period in which an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event occurs] in accordance with Condition 5(b)(ix) (Calculation of Interest 
Amount) shall be 1. 
(xxiii) 
"Rate of Interest (xxiii)" – "Ratchet" 
 
(xxiv) 
"Rate of Interest (xxiv)" – "Booster" 
(insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
 
(insert the following if a cap is not applicable) 
 
(xxv) 
"Rate of Interest (xxv) 
Coupon Value (i) 
(xxvi) 
"Rate of Interest (xxvi)" – "Call Option Interest Rate": 
(A) 
in respect of the first Interest Payment Date: 
[specify percentage]; 
(B) 
in respect of any Interest Payment Date (other than the first Interest Payment Date and 
the Final Interest Payment Date) in respect of which the Issuer Call is exercised, the 
percentage specified in the table below in respect of such Interest Payment Date: 
Interest Payment Date 
Percentage 
[specify] 
[specify]% 
[Repeat as necessary in each row.] 
[Repeat as necessary in 
each row.] 
Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Previous Interest(i); Rate(i)] 
Constant Percentage + Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage, Booster Number * Constant
Percentage 2]]
 
Constant Percentage + Max [Floor Percentage, Booster Number * Constant Percentage 2 ]

--- Page 315 ---
- 315 - 
 
(C) 
in respect of any Interest Payment Date (other than the first Interest Payment Date and 
the Final Interest Payment Date) in respect of which the Issuer Call is not exercised, 
[specify percentage]; or 
(D) 
in respect of the Final Interest Payment Date: 
[select and insert the Interest Payout formula from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to 
"Rate of Interest (viii)" or "Rate of Interest (xxv)" (inclusive)]. 
(xxvii) "Rate of Interest (xxvii)" ‒ "Put Option Interest Rate": 
(A) 
in respect of the first Interest Payment Date: 
[specify percentage]; 
(B) 
in respect of any Interest Payment Date (other than the first Interest Payment Date and 
the Final Interest Payment Date) in respect of which the Noteholder Put is exercised, 
the percentage specified in the table below in respect of such Interest Payment Date: 
Interest Payment Date 
Percentage 
[specify] 
[specify]% 
[Repeat as necessary in each row.] 
[Repeat as necessary in 
each row.] 
(C) 
in respect of any Interest Payment Date (other than the first Interest Payment Date and 
the Final Interest Payment Date) in respect of which the Noteholder Put is not 
exercised, [specify percentage]; or 
(D) 
in respect of the Final Interest Payment Date: 
[select and insert the Interest Payout formula from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to 
"Rate of Interest (viii)" or "Rate of Interest (xxv)" (inclusive)]. 
(xxviii) "Rate of Interest (xxviii) – Lock in" 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][then in respect of the related Interest Payment 
Date][and provided that [(B)] [or] [(C)] below [is][are] not also satisfied in respect of 
such [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]]: 
[zero][Constant Percentage 1][Rate(i)+SumRate(i)][select and insert the interest 
payout formula from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" 
(inclusive) or "Rate of Interest (xxv)"] 
[and in respect of each subsequent Interest Payment Date]: 
[zero][Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the interest payout formula from any 
one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive) or "Rate of Interest 
(xxv)"][; or] 
[Otherwise: 
[zero][Constant Percentage [1][2][3][4]][select and insert the interest payout formula 
from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive) or "Rate of 
Interest (xxv)"][Rate(i)+SumRate(i)]. 
(B) 
[Not applicable] If Coupon Barrier Condition [2] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon 
Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][then (A) above will not apply] and [in 
respect of the related Interest Payment Date][and each subsequent Interest Payment

--- Page 316 ---
- 316 - 
 
Date][and provided that [(C)] below [is] not also satisfied in respect of such [ST 
Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]]: 
[zero][Constant Percentage [1][2][3][4]][select and insert the interest payout formula 
from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive) or "Rate of 
Interest (xxv)"][Rate(i)+SumRate(i)][; for the avoidance of doubt the selected final 
payout formula for this paragraph may be different from the final payout formula for 
the above paragraph]. 
(C) 
[Not applicable] If Coupon Barrier Condition [3] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon 
Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][then (A) and (B) above will not apply] 
[in respect of the related Interest Payment Date][and each subsequent Interest Payment 
Date]: 
[zero][Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Interest Payout formula from any 
one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive) or "Rate of Interest 
(xxv)"][Rate(i)+SumRate(i)][; for the avoidance of doubt the selected final payout 
formula for this paragraph may be different from the final payout formulae for (A) and 
(B) respectively]. 
[(D) 
[Provided] [further] [that if no Lock in has occurred] [the Rate of Interest in respect of 
the Final Interest Payment Date will be [zero][Constant Percentage 4][select and insert 
the Interest Payout formula from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest 
(viii)" (inclusive)][Rate(i)+SumRate(i)][; for the avoidance of doubt the selected final 
payout formula for this paragraph (D) may be different from the final payout formulae 
for (A), (B) and (C) respectively]. 
(xxix) 
"Rate of Interest (xxix) – Himalaya" 
Max [0%; Min [Cap Percentage; Performance Final]] 
(xxx) 
"Rate of Interest (xxx)" 
(A) 
(i) 
If the Barrier Count Condition is satisfied in respect of a ST Coupon 
Valuation Date, the relevant Fixed Best Percentage * Constant Percentage; or 
otherwise 
(ii) 
zero; plus 
(B) 
[select and insert the interest payout formula from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to 
"Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive) or "Rate of Interest (xxv)"][Rate(i)+SumRate(i)].  
(xxxi) 
"Rate of Interest (xxxi) – Switchable" 
(A) 
If the Switch Condition is satisfied:  
[Constant Percentage 1] [select and insert the interest payout formula from any one of 
"Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive) or "Rate of Interest (xxv)"] 
[Rate(i) * n] [Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage * RI Value]]]; 
or  
(B) 
If the Switch Condition is not satisfied: 
[zero] [Constant Percentage 2] [select and insert the interest payout formula from any 
one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive) or "Rate of Interest 
(xxv)"] [Rate(i) * n] [Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage * RI 
Value]]]. 
(xxxii) "Rate of Interest (xxxii) – CMS1010" 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 𝐷𝑉0120𝑦 ,    1.25 ∗𝐷𝑉0110𝑦 ∗𝐶𝑀𝑆20 – 𝐷𝑉0110𝑦∗𝐶𝑀𝑆10 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 𝐷𝑉0120𝑦 ,    1.25 ∗𝐷𝑉0110𝑦  – 𝐷𝑉0110𝑦

--- Page 317 ---
- 317 - 
 
where: 
"CMS 20" means Rate [1] in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date as specified in 
item 20 below; 
"CMS 10" means Rate [2] in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date as specified in 
item 20 below. 
(xxxiii) "Rate of Interest (xxxiii)" "Digital Barrier": 
(1) 
In respect of every Interest Payment Date prior to the final Interest Payment Date 
specified in item 18(i): 
(A) 
If the Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of a ST Coupon 
Valuation Date (n): 
Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
Otherwise:  
zero; and  
(2) 
in respect of the final Interest Payment Date specified in item 18(i): 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation 
Date: 
Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
Otherwise [if no Interest Amount has been payable since the Issue Date] 
[Constant Percentage 2][ or ][if an Interest Amount has been payable since the 
Issue Date]: 
Constant Percentage [3]. 
(xxxiv) "Rate of Interest (xxxiv)" "Alternate Currency": 
In each case notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions or [these Final Terms/this 
Pricing Supplement], the Interest Amount in respect of each Calculation Agent will be 
determined as follows and payable in the relevant currency specified below: 
(A) 
If the Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
[insert currency amount per Calculation Amount*Constant Percentage 1[*Day Count 
Fraction]] [specify amount and currency]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[insert currency amount per Calculation Amount*Constant Percentage 2[*Day Count 
Fraction]] [specify amount and currency]. 
(xxxv) "Rate of Interest (xxxv)" "Growth and Income": 
In respect of an Interest Payment Date and the related ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
(A) 
(i) 
If the Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of such ST Coupon 
Valuation Date [including the Final ST Coupon Valuation Date][excluding 
the Final ST Coupon Valuation Date] 
Constant Percentage; or 
(ii) 
Otherwise [and in any event in relation to the Final ST Coupon Valuation 
Date]:

--- Page 318 ---
- 318 - 
 
Zero[.][; plus 
(B) 
In respect of the Final ST Coupon Valuation Date only: 
[Min[Cap Percentage;] Max[Floor Percentage; Coupon Value(i) – Calculated Coupon 
Percentage]] 
2.2 
Final Payouts Formula(e) 
For completion and insertion into Paragraph 33 (Final Payout) of the applicable Final Terms or 
Paragraph 35 (Final Payout) (or other relevant paragraph) of the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
"Redemption (i)" 
FR Value  
(ii) 
"Redemption (ii)" 
 
(iii) 
"Redemption (iii)" 
Constant Percentage + (Leverage * Max [Floor Percentage; Additional 
Leverage * (Cap Percentage – (FR Value – Strike Percentage))]) * RI FX Rate 
(iv) 
"Redemption (iv)" 
Constant Percentage + (Leverage * (Min [Call Cap Percentage; Max [Cap Floor Percentage; 
Call Leverage * (FR Value – Strike Percentage) + Call Spread Percentage]])) * RI FX Rate 
(v) 
"Redemption (v)" 
Constant Percentage + (Leverage * (Min [Put Cap Percentage; Max [Put Floor Percentage; 
Put Strike Percentage – Put Leverage * (FR Value – Strike Percentage)]])) * RI FX Rate  
(vi) 
"Redemption (vi)" 
 
(vii) 
"Redemption (vii)" "Booster" 
 
(viii) 
"Redemption (viii)" "Digital": 
(A) 
If Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the final payout formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (vii) - Booster" (inclusive)][no Final Redemption 
Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise [if no Interest Amount has been payable since the Issue Date, Constant 
Percentage 2] [if an Interest Amount has been payable since the Issue Date:] 
[Constant Percentage [2/3]][select and insert the final payout formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (vii) - Booster" (inclusive); for the avoidance of 
doubt the selected final payout formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from 
Constant Percentage + (Leverage * (Strike Percentage  - FR Value)) * RI FX Rate 
Constant Percentage + (Leverage * (Min [Call Cap Percentage; Max [Call Floor Percentage; Call
Leverage * FR Value + Call Strike Percentage)]])) * RI FX Rate + (Additional Leverage * (Min
[Put Cap Percentage; Max [Put Floor Percentage; Put Strike Percentage – Put Leverage * FR
Value]])) * RI FX Rate 
Constant Percentage 1 + (Constant Percentage 2 + Booster Number * Constant Percentage 3) * 
FR Value

--- Page 319 ---
- 319 - 
 
the final payout formula for paragraph (A)][no Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(ix) 
"Redemption (ix) – Digital with Knock-in" 
(A) 
If Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the final payout formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (vii) - Booster" (inclusive)][no Final Redemption 
Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the final payout formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (vii) - Booster" (inclusive); for the avoidance of 
doubt the selected final payout formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from 
the final payout formula for paragraph (A)][no Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(x) 
"Redemption (x)" "Podium": 
(A) 
If Final Redemption Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the final payout formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (vii) - Booster" (inclusive)][no Final Redemption 
Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
If Final Redemption Condition [2] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and Final Redemption Condition 
[1] is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption 
Valuation Period] 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the final payout formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (vii) - Booster" (inclusive); for the avoidance of 
doubt the selected final payout formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from 
the final payout formula for paragraph (A)][no Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(C) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 3][select and insert the final payout formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (vii) - Booster" (inclusive); for the avoidance of 
doubt the selected final payout formula for this paragraph (C) may be different from 
the final payout formula for any of the preceding paragraphs][no Final Redemption 
Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(The above provisions of (B) may be duplicated in case more than two Final 
Redemption Condition Levels apply). 
(xi) 
"Redemption (xi)" "Reverse Knock-in Standard" 
(A) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred:  
[Constant Percentage 1][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical 
Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred:  
[Min [Constant Percentage 2; FR Value]][no Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply].

--- Page 320 ---
- 320 - 
 
(xii) 
"Redemption (xii)" "Reverse Knock-in" 
(A) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 1][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical 
Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
 
(xiii) 
"Redemption (xiii)" "Knock-in Standard" 
(A) 
If Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
 
(B) 
If Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
 
(C) 
If Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
[Min [Constant Percentage; FR Value]][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable 
and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(xiv) 
"Redemption (xiv)" "Twin Win" 
(Insert the following if a cap is not applicable) 
(A) 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
 
(B) 
If no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
 
(Insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
(A) 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
 
(B) 
If no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
 
[Max [Constant Percentage 2 + Leverage * Option; 0]][no Final Redemption Amount 
will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply].
[100% + FR Additional Rate][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical
Delivery will apply]; or
[100% + Coupon Airbag Percentage][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and 
Physical Delivery will apply]; or
[Constant Percentage 1 + (Max [Floor Percentage; Lever Down * FR Value]) * RI FX
Rate][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or
[Constant Percentage 2 + (Lever Up 1 * Max [Strike Percentage  - FR Value; Floor 
Percentage 1]) * RI FX Rate + (Lever Up 2 * Max [FR Value - Strike Percentage 1; 
Floor Percentage 2]) * RI FX Rate][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable 
and Physical Delivery will apply]
[Constant Percentage [1][2][3][4] + (Max [Floor Percentage; Lever Down * FR Value]) * RI FX
Rate] [no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
[Constant Percentage [1][2][3][4] + (Lever Up 1 * Max [Strike Percentage – FR Value; Floor Percentage 1]) * RI
FX Rate + (Lever Up 2 * Min [Cap Percentage; Max [FR Value – Strike Percentage 1; Floor Percentage 2]]) * RI
FX Rate] [no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply].

--- Page 321 ---
- 321 - 
 
(xv) 
"Redemption (xv)" "Himalaya " 
 
(xvi) 
"Redemption (xvi)" "Memory" 
 
(xvii) 
"Redemption (xvii) – Lock in" 
(A) 
If Lock in has occurred: 
[100%][select and insert the final payout formula from any one of "Redemption (i) to 
"Redemption (vii) - Booster" (inclusive)]; or 
(B) 
If Lock in has not occurred: 
[100%][select and insert the final payout formula from any one of "Redemption (i) to 
"Redemption (vii) - Booster" (inclusive)]. 
(xviii) 
"Redemption (xviii)" 
(A) 
If the Barrier Count Condition is satisfied in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
Constant Percentage [1]; or 
(B) 
otherwise: 
Constant Percentage [2] * Worst Value 
(xix) 
"Redemption (xix)" "Switchable" 
(A) 
If the Switch Condition is satisfied: 
[Constant Percentage 1] [select and insert the final payout formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (vii) – Booster" (inclusive); for the avoidance of 
doubt the selected final payout formula for this paragraph may be different from the 
final payout formula for the below paragraph]; or  
(B) 
If the Switch Condition is not satisfied: 
[Constant Percentage 2] [select and insert the final payout formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (vii) – Booster" (inclusive); for the avoidance of 
doubt the selected final payout formula for this paragraph may be different from the 
final payout formula for the below paragraph]. 
(xx) 
"Redemption (xx)" "Alternate Currency" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date] [ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Calculation Amount*Constant Percentage 1] [specify amount and currency] [no Final 
Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[Calculation Amount*Constant Percentage 2] [specify amount and currency] [no Final 
Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(xxi) 
"Redemption (xxi)" "Leveraged FX" 
Max [CA + (LA – FRA); 0] 
𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒1 + 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒*𝑀𝑎𝑥  
1
𝑇𝑜𝑡𝑎𝑙𝑀*  𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝐵𝑒𝑠𝑡𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑘𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(𝑖) −𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖);  𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖)]; 0
𝑀
𝑖=1
  
Constant Percentage + SumRate(n)

--- Page 322 ---
- 322 - 
 
Where: 
"CA" means the Calculation Amount; 
"LA" means the Leverage Amount of [insert amount in Specified Currency]; and 
"RA" means the FX Reference Amount. 
3. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amounts 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then: 
For insertion into Paragraph 34(iii) of the applicable Final Terms (Automatic Early Redemption Payout) 
or Paragraph 36(iii) (Automatic Early Redemption Payout) (or other relevant Paragraph) of the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
(i) 
If ST Automatic Early Redemption is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
following formula shall be inserted and completed in Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 
; or 
(ii) 
If Target Automatic Early Redemption is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
following formula shall be inserted and completed in the Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 
Calculation Amount* (100%[+Final Interest Rate]); 
4. 
Entitlement Amounts for Physical Delivery 
For insertion into Paragraph 52 (Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery – Entitlement Amount) of 
the applicable Final Terms or Paragraph 54 (Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery) (or other 
relevant Paragraph) of the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
 
The Entitlement Amount will be rounded down to the nearest unit of the Relevant Assets capable of 
being delivered (the "Equity Element") and in lieu thereof the Issuer will pay a residual amount (the 
"Residual Amount") equal to: 
 
5. 
Definitions 
5.1 
General Definitions 
"Additional Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"AER Additional Rate" means, in respect of a [ST ER Valuation Date] or [ST ER Valuation Period], 
[the AER Rate][AER Rate DCF][AER Rate MT]. 
"AER Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"AER Rate" means [specify rate]. 
"AER Rate DCF" means a percentage calculated as the product of the AER Rate and the applicable Day 
Count Fraction. 
"AER Rate MT" means the product of (a) [specify rate] and (b) the number of [Interest Periods][ST 
Valuation Dates][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Dates] from the Issue Date to [and 
including][but excluding] the [Interest Period in which the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date falls][the date of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date]. 
Calculation Amount * (AER Percentage + AER Additional Rate) 
Calculation Amount / (Constant Percentage * Performing RI Strike Price * FX)
(Entitlement Amount −Equity Element) * Physical Delivery Price * FX

--- Page 323 ---
- 323 - 
 
"AER Reference Item Rate" means [specify floating rate]. 
"AER Value" means [specify value from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Barrier Percentage Strike Price" means [specify percentage]. 
"Basket" means: (a) if the relevant Reference Items are Share Indices, the Share Index Basket (as defined 
in the Equity Linked Conditions) as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; (b) if the relevant 
Reference Items are Shares, the Share Basket (as defined in the Equity Linked Conditions) as specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms; (c) if the relevant Reference Items are Inflation Indices, a basket 
composed of each Inflation Index specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; (d) if the relevant 
Reference Items are ETFs, the ETF Basket (as defined in the ETF Linked Conditions) as specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms; (e) if the relevant Reference Items are Fund Shares, the Fund Basket (as 
defined in the Fund Linked Conditions) as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; (f) if the 
Reference Items are EUA Contracts, the Basket of EUA Contracts (as defined in the EUA Contract 
Linked Conditions) as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; and (g) if the relevant Reference 
Items are Subject Currencies, a basket composed of each Subject Currency specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, in each case subject to Weightings if specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Best Lock Value(i)" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [or ST Valuation Period], the highest 
RI Value on such [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] of the Reference Item(s) in Himalaya 
Basket(i). 
"Booster Level" means [specify percentage]. 
"Booster Number" means the number of times that the Booster Condition is satisfied. 
"Booster Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date or ST Valuation Period, [specify defined term 
from Payout Condition 5.2)]. 
"Call Cap Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Call Constant Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Call Floor Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Call Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Call Rate" means:  
 
"Call Spread Rate" means:  
 
"Call Spread Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Call Strike Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Cap Percentage[1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Cappuccino Barrier Value" means: 
(a) 
if in respect of a ST Valuation Date the Cappuccino Barrier Condition is satisfied, Cap 
Percentage(i); and 
(b) 
otherwise, Coupon Barrier Value(i,k). 
"Cliquet Digital Performance" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
Constant Percentage(i) + Leverage(i) * Max [Coupon Value(i) −Strike Percentage(i) + Spread(i); Floor
Percentage(i)]
Constant Percentage(i) + Leverage(i) * Min [Max [Coupon Value(i) −Strike Percentage(i) + Spread(i);
 Floor Percentage(i)]; Cap Percentage(i)]

--- Page 324 ---
- 324 - 
 
 
"CMS Valuation Date" means [insert or describe dates, including any Business Day adjustment]. 
"Constant Percentage[1][2][3][4]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Coupon Barrier[1][2][3][4][5]" means [specify amount, percentage or number]. 
"Coupon Barrier Value" means, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date] [ST Coupon Valuation 
Period], [and in respect of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined 
term from Payout Condition 5.2].  
"Coupon Lock in" means: 
 
"Coupon Value[(i)]" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date or ST Coupon Valuation Period, 
[specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2].  
"Current Coupon Rate" means the Rate of Interest which would have applied to the Current Interest 
Period had an Automatic Early Redemption Event not occurred. 
"Current Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction which would have applied to the Current 
Interest Period or the Final Interest Period, as applicable had an Automatic Early Redemption Event not 
occured. 
"Current Interest Period" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
Interest Period during which such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date falls. 
"EDS" means Max [Floor Percentage; Min [Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS × Loss Percentage; 0]]. 
"EDS Barrier Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Entitlement Value" means [the Worst Value][the Best Value]. 
"Final AER Interest Rate" means [insert one of the following:] [specify] [zero] 
[If capped and guaranteed:] [Target Coupon Percentage less Paid Coupon Percentage.] 
[If not capped or guaranteed:] [the Current Coupon Rate multiplied by the Current Day Count Fraction.] 
[If capped only:] [Min [Current Coupon Rate * Current Day Count Fraction; Target Coupon Percentage 
less Paid Coupon Percentage].] 
[If guaranteed only:] [Max [Current Coupon Rate * Current Day Count Fraction; Target Coupon 
Percentage less Paid Coupon Percentage].] 
"Final Coupon Rate" means [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Final Interest Rate" means [insert one of the following][specify][zero] 
[If capped and guaranteed:] [the AER Percentage][Target Coupon Percentage] less Paid Coupon 
Percentage.] 
[If not capped or guaranteed:] [the Final Coupon Rate multiplied by the Current Day Count Fraction.] 
 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(𝑖)]]
𝑡
𝑖=1
 
T
𝑀𝑎𝑥
t=1
  𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(𝑖)]]
𝑡
𝑖=1

--- Page 325 ---
- 325 - 
 
[If capped only:] [Min [Final Coupon Rate * Current Day Count Fraction; [AER Percentage] [Target 
Coupon Percentage] less Paid Coupon Percentage].] 
[If guaranteed only:] [Max [Final Coupon Rate * Current Day Count Fraction; [AER Percentage] [Target 
Coupon Percentage] less Paid Coupon Percentage].] 
"Final Redemption Condition Level [1][2][3][4]" means [specify amount or percentage or number]. 
"Final Redemption Value" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period][specify 
defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Fixed Best Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Floor Lock in" means Constant Percentage [1] multiplied by the integer number resulting from the 
quotient of the Coupon Lock in and Constant Percentage [1]. 
"Floor Percentage [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Forward" means FR Value – Strike Percentage. 
"FR Additional Rate" means [FR Rate][FR MT up Rate][FR Rate DCF][FR Rate MT]. 
"FR Cap Percentage" means [specify percentage].  
"FR Condition Level" means [specify percentage, amount or number]. 
"FR Constant Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Floor Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR MT up Rate" means:  
(a) 
[insert if cap is applicable][Min [Max [FR Floor Percentage; FR Leverage * (FR Value – FR 
Strike Percentage) + FR Spread]; FR Cap Percentage] + FR Constant Percentage].] 
(b) 
[insert if cap is not applicable] [Max [FR Floor Percentage; FR Leverage * (FR Value – FR 
Strike Percentage) + FR Spread + FR Constant Percentage].] 
"FR Rate" means [specify rate]. 
"FR Rate DCF" means a percentage calculated as the product of the FR Rate and the applicable Day 
Count Fraction. 
"FR Rate MT" means the product of (a) [specify rate] and (b) the number of [Interest Periods][ST 
Valuation Dates] from and including the Issue Date to [and including][but excluding] the [Interest Period 
in which the relevant ST Valuation Date falls][date of the relevant ST Valuation Date]. 
"FR Spread" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Strike Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Value" means, in respect of a [ST FR Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Date] [ST FR Valuation 
Period], [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"FX" is the relevant RI FX Level(i) on the relevant ST Valuation Date or if that is not a Business Day 
the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
"Himalaya Basket(i)" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date(i), a Basket comprising each Reference 
Item in Himalaya Basket(i-1) but excluding the Reference Item in relation to Best Lock Value(i-1).

--- Page 326 ---
- 326 - 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, [insert, or describe dates, 
including any Business Day adjustment]. 
"K" means [specify number], being the total number of Reference Items in the Basket. 
"Lever Down" means [specify percentage]. 
"Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Lever Up [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Local Floor Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Lock in" will have occurred if "(xxviii) "Rate of interest (xxviii) – Lock in" (A) has been satisfied 
provided that (B) or (C) are not also satisfied". 
"Loss Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"M" means a series of ST Valuation Dates or ST Valuation Periods. 
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the amounts 
separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser of the amounts 
separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min Coupon" means [specify percentage].  
"Modified Value(i,k)" means: 
(a) 
if the Coupon Value(i,k) is one of the nfixed greatest value in the basket of the Reference Items, 
the Fixed Best Percentage; and 
(b) 
otherwise, Coupon Value(i,k). 
"n" means: 
(a) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (xii) – Counter", [specify percentage]; 
(b) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (xiii) – Variable Counter", in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation 
Date, the number calculated as: the number of ST Coupon Valuation Dates (in the period from 
the Issue Date to and including such ST Coupon Valuation Date) on which the Barrier Count 
Condition is satisfied;  
(c) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (viii) – Range Accrual", in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation 
Date, the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the [Range 
Accrual Coupon Condition][Range Accrual Countdown Condition] is satisfied; and 
(d) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (xxxi) – Switchable", a number calculated as the number of ST 
Coupon Valuation Dates occurring in the period from, but excluding, the Issue Date to, and 
including, the ST Coupon Valuation Date in respect of which the Switch Condition is satisfied. 
"N" means: 
(a) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (xiv) – Variable Counter" and in respect of "Rate of Interest (xvii) 
– Podium", [specify number] being the maximum number of times that the Barrier Count 
Condition may be satisfied from [and including] the Issue Date to [but excluding] the Maturity 
Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (ix) Range Accrual", for each ST Coupon Valuation Date, the 
total number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period.

--- Page 327 ---
- 327 - 
 
"nEDS" means the number of Reference Items in the Basket in respect of which the FR Value is [less 
than or equal to][less than] EDS Barrier Percentage. 
"nfixed" means [specify number]. 
"Option" means [Put][Put Spread][EDS][Forward]. 
"Paid Coupon Percentage" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or a 
Target Determination Date, the sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period as the product of (i) 
the Rate of Interest and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, for each Interest Period preceding the Current Interest 
Period (in the case of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date) or the Target Final Interest Period 
(in the case of a Target Determination Date). 
"Physical Delivery Price" means [][, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Closing Value in respect 
of the Reference Item [with the Entitlement Value] in respect of such ST Valuation Date.] 
"Previous Interest" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the Rate of Interest determined 
on the ST Coupon Valuation Date immediately preceding such ST Coupon Valuation Date or, in respect 
of the first ST Coupon Valuation Date, zero. 
"Put" means Max [Strike Percentage – FR Value; 0]. 
"Put Cap Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Put Constant Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Put Floor Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Put Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Put Spread" means Min [Max [Strike Percentage – FR Value; 0]; Cap Percentage]. 
"Put Strike Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"RA Barrier [1][2][3][4]" means in respect of a Reference Item, [specify percentage]. 
"RA Barrier Value" means, [specify value from Payout Condition 5.2][in respect of an ST Coupon 
Valuation Date and a Reference Item, the [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2][the Reference 
Spread]. 
"Ranking" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the ordinal positioning of each Reference Item by 
RI Value from lowest RI Value to greatest RI Value in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Rate[(i)] [A][B][C]" means, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], 
[specify fixed rate][specify floating rate determined on the basis set out in item 20 of the Applicable 
Transaction Terms][[+/-][specify margin]%][the Call Rate][the Call Spread Rate][Inflation Rate]. 
"Rate(n)" (from n=1 to n=N) means: 
(a) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (xiv) –Variable Counter" on any ST Coupon Valuation Date, the 
rate specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms and associated with the number of times that 
Barrier Count Condition is satisfied on the relevant ST Coupon Valuation Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of "Redemption (xvii) – Memory" on any ST Coupon Valuation Date, the rate 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms and associated with the number of Reference 
Items in the Basket for which the Podium Condition is satisfied on the relevant ST Coupon 
Valuation Date. 
"Reference Item [1][2]….[N]" means the asset or reference basis specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Reference Item Rate [1][2]" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, a ST Coupon Valuation Date 
or a ST Coupon Valuation Period, the relevant Rate of Interest determined pursuant to Condition 5(b).

--- Page 328 ---
- 328 - 
 
For this purpose, references in Condition 5(b) to the applicable Rate of Interest being determined for 
each Interest Period shall be construed to be to such Rate of Interest being determined for the applicable 
ST Valuation Date, ST Coupon Valuation Date or, as the case may be, ST Coupon Valuation Period. The 
publication requirements set out in Condition 5(b)(xi) shall not apply where the Rate of Interest is a 
Reference Item Rate only. 
"Reference Spread [1][2]" means Reference Item Rate [1][2] minus Reference Item Rate [1][2].[NB 
Complete Reference Item Rates 1 and 2 to reflect ISDA Determination for relevant CMS rates. Repeat 
for further Reference Spread(s) as necessary] 
"RI Weighting" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify number, amount or percentage]. 
"Spread" means [specify percentage]. 
"Strike Percentage [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Sum Rate" means, in respect of each ST Coupon Valuation Date, the sum of all previous Rates for each 
ST Coupon Valuation Date since (but not including) the last occurring date on which the relevant Barrier 
Count Condition was satisfied (or if none the Issue Date). 
"Sum Rate(n)" means the sum of the Rate(n) determined on the [ST FR Valuation Date][ST Valuation 
Date]. 
"T" means: [specify number], being the total number of ST Coupon Valuation Dates from and including 
the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Target Coupon Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Total M" means: [specify number], being the total number of [ST Valuation Dates][ST Valuation 
Periods] for the Notes. 
"Weighting" means [specify in relation to each Reference Item comprising the Basket]. 
5.2 
Value Definitions 
"Accumulated Coupon" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the sum 
of the values calculated for each Interest Period preceding and including the Current Interest Period, as 
the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case, for such Interest 
Period. 
"Average Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the 
Basket Values [A][B] on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Average Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Best 
Values on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Average Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the 
Rainbow Values on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Average RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic 
average of the RI Values for such Reference Item on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation 
Period. 
"Average Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Worst 
Values on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Barrier Initial Average Price" means an amount equal to the product of (x) the arithmetic average of 
the RI Closing Values for a Reference Item on each Strike Day in the Strike Period and (y) the Barrier 
Percentage Strike Price. 
"Barrier Initial Price" means a price equal to the product of (x) the RI Closing Value for a Reference 
Item on the Strike Date and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price.

--- Page 329 ---
- 329 - 
 
"Barrier Initial Maximum Price" means a price equal to the product of (x) the greatest RI Closing 
Value for a Reference Item on any Strike Day in the Strike Period and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike 
Price. 
"Barrier Initial Minimum Price" means an amount equal to the product of (x) the lowest RI Closing 
Value for such Reference Item on any Strike Day in the Strike Period and (y) the Barrier Percentage 
Strike Price. 
"Basket Performance [A][B]" means in respect of a ST Valuation Date and in respect of Reference 
Item(s) [from (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], (a) the Basket Value [A][B] in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date minus (b) [100%][Strike Percentage]. 
"Basket Value [A][B]" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date and in respect of Reference Item(s) 
[from (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], the sum of the values calculated for each Reference Item in the 
Basket as (a) the RI Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date multiplied by 
(b) the relevant Weighting. 
"Basket Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date [and any time at which a value for 
all the Reference Items in the Basket is calculated], the sum of the values calculated for each Reference 
Item in the Basket at such time as (a) the RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item is calculated in 
respect of such ST Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant RI Weighting. 
"Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Intraday Value for the Reference 
Item(s) with the highest or equal highest RI Intraday Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in 
respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value for the Reference Item(s) with the 
highest or equal highest RI Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation 
Date. 
DV0120y =[1 −(1 + 𝐶𝑀𝑆20)−20]/𝐶𝑀𝑆20 
where:  
"CMS20" means [Rate [1]] in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date as 
specified in item 20 below. 
DV0110y =[1 −(1 + 𝐶𝑀𝑆10)−10]/𝐶𝑀𝑆10 
where: 
"CMS10" means [Rate [2]] in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date as 
specified in item 20 below. 
"Calculated Coupon Percentage" means, in respect of any ST Coupon Valuation Date, the sum of the 
values calculated for each prior ST Coupon Valuation Date (if any) as the Rate of Interest, where 
applicable multiplied by the Day Count Fraction.  
"FX Average Level" means the arithmetic average of the RI FX Levels for a Reference Item on each 
Strike Day in the Strike Period. 
"FX Closing Level" means the RI FX Level for a Reference Item on the Strike Date. 
"FX Forward Rate" means, in relation to any day, the forward rate in relation to a non-deliverable 
forward rate transaction for the exchange of [the Specified Currency][the SER Base Currency] into [the 
SER Base Currency][the Specified Currency] for settlement on [insert date] [by reference to [insert 
page/source] (or any successor [page][source] thereto], all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"FX Maximum Level" means the greatest RI FX Level for a Reference Item on any Strike Day in the 
Strike Period.

--- Page 330 ---
- 330 - 
 
"FX Minimum Level" means the lowest RI FX Level for a Reference Item on any Strike Day in the 
Strike Period. 
"FX Reference Amount" means [insert amount in SER Base Currency corresponding to one Note of the 
Calculation Amount] converted into the Specified Currency at the Settlement Exchange Rate in respect 
of the SER Valuation Date. 
"FX Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and any day either: (i) the RI FX Level for such day 
divided by the RI FX Strike Level; or (ii) the RI FX Strike Level divided by the RI FX Level for such 
day, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Highest Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Basket 
Value [A][B] on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest 
Best Intraday Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Best 
Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest 
Rainbow Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest RI Intraday Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the 
highest or equal highest RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date in such 
ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the highest or 
equal highest RI Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Worst 
Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Inflation Rate" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period][specify defined term 
from Payout Condition 5.2 for a Reference Item which is an Inflation Index]. 
"Initial Average Price" means for a Reference Item, the arithmetic average of the RI Closing Value for 
a Reference Item on each Strike Day in the Strike Period. 
"Initial Closing Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Valuation Date, the RI Closing 
Value of a Reference Item on the Valuation Date. 
"Initial Maximum Price" means the highest RI Closing Value for a Reference Item on any Strike Day 
in the Strike Period. 
"Initial Minimum Price" means the lowest RI Closing Value for a Reference Item on any Strike Day in 
the Strike Period. 
"Intraday Level" means, in respect of a Share Index and subject to the Equity Linked Conditions, an 
amount equal to the level (which shall be deemed to be an amount in the currency of the Share Index) of 
such Share Index as determined by the Calculation Agent at any relevant time during the regular trading 
session hours of the relevant Exchanges, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the 
regular trading session hours, on the relevant ST Valuation Date [multiplied by the FX Value] 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of: (i) a Share, an ETF or a Fund Share and subject to the Equity 
Linked Conditions, the ETF Linked Conditions or the Fund Linked Conditions, as applicable, an amount 
equal to the price of such Share or ETF or Fund Share quoted on the relevant Exchange as determined 
by the Calculation Agent at any relevant time during the regular trading session hours of the relevant 
Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours, 
on the relevant ST Valuation Date [multiplied by the FX Value]; and (ii) a Subject Currency and subject 
to the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Conditions, a rate determined by reference to the definition of

--- Page 331 ---
- 331 - 
 
Settlement Price in the Foreign Exchange (FX) Conditions by the Calculation Agent and for such purpose 
the applicable Valuation Time shall be any relevant time on the relevant ST Valuation Date.  
"Inverse Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, (a) the RI 
Inverse Value in respect of such day minus (b) [100%][Strike Percentage] [and multiplied by (c) the FX 
Value]. 
"Lowest Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Basket 
Value [A][B] on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Best Value 
on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest 
Rainbow Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest RI Intraday Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the 
lowest or equal lowest RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date in such ST 
Valuation Period. 
"Lowest RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal 
lowest RI Value for such Reference Item for all the ST Valuation Dates in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest Worst Intraday 
Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Worst 
Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"M" means [insert value]. 
"Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, (a) [specify 
percentage][minus][plus][multiplied by][divided by] the RI Value for such Reference Item in respect of 
such day[[ minus (b) [100%][Strike Percentage]] [, and multiplied by (c) the FX Value]][multiplied by 
(b) the FX Value minus (c) [100%][Strike Percentage]]. 
"Performance Difference" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, [the Performance for Reference 
Item (k[=[specify]])][Basket Performance [A]] in respect of such ST Valuation Date minus [the 
Performance for Reference Item (k[=[specify]])][Basket Performance [B]] in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date. 
"Performance Final" means the arithmetic average of the Periodic Performances in respect of each [ST 
Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period]. 
"Performing RI Strike Price" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Initial Value in respect 
of the Reference Item [with the Entitlement Value] in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Periodic Performance" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] and all 
Reference Items, the highest [RI Average Value in respect of such ST Valuation Date] [RI Value on any 
ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period] provided that: (i) in the case of two or more equal 
highest [RI Average Values] [RI Values] the Calculation Agent will select any of such equal [RI Average 
Values] [RI Values] as the highest [RI Average Value] [RI Value] in its discretion; and (ii) where [on a 
ST Valuation Date] [in relation to a ST Valuation Period] (the "[Current ST Valuation Date] [Current 
ST Valuation Period]") a Reference Item has already been the Reference Item with the highest relevant 
value [on any prior ST Valuation Date] [in relation to any prior ST Valuation Period] it will not be taken 
into account and its [RI Average Value] [RI Value] will be ignored for the purposes of determining the 
Periodic Performance [on that Current ST Valuation Date] [for that Current ST Valuation Period]. 
"Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the sum of the values calculated for each 
Reference Item in the Basket as (a) the Ranked Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant RI Weighting.

--- Page 332 ---
- 332 - 
 
"Ranked Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value in respect of the Reference Item 
with the [first][second][specify] Ranking in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Restrike Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date (a) (i) the RI 
Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of such day divided by (ii) the RI Closing Value for 
such Reference Item in respect of the immediately preceding ST Valuation Date or if none, the Strike 
Date (b) less [100%][Strike Percentage] [, and multiplied by (c) the FX Value] 
"RI Average Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(1)] the arithmetic 
average of [(i)][(a)] the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of each [set of] Averaging 
Date[s] specified in relation to such ST Valuation Date [multiplied by (ii) the FX Value] [divided by (b) 
the RI Initial Value for such Reference Item [minus (2) [100%][Strike Percentage]]] [(expressed as a 
percentage)]. 
"RI Closing Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Share Index, the Settlement Level (as defined in the Equity 
Linked Conditions); 
(b) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Share, the Settlement Price (as defined in the Equity Linked 
Conditions); 
(c) 
if the relevant Reference Item is an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level (as defined in the 
Inflation Linked Conditions);  
(d) 
if the relevant Reference Item is an ETF, the Settlement Price (as defined in the ETF Linked 
Conditions); 
(e) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Fund Share of an ETF, the Settlement Price (as defined in the 
Fund Linked Conditions); 
(f) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Fund, the NAV per Fund Share (as defined in the Fund Linked 
Conditions);  
(g) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Subject Currency, the Settlement Price (as defined in the 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Conditions);  
(h) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a rate of interest, the Reference Item Rate;  
(i) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Reference Spread, the Reference Spread, and 
(j) 
if the Reference Item is an EUA Contract, the Settlement Price (as defined in the EUA Contract 
Linked Conditions). 
in each case in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"RI Composite Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, the [highest or 
equal highest of][lowest or equal lowest of][arithmetic average of] the RI Average Values in respect of 
such ST Valuation Date. 
"RI FX Level" means, for the purpose of converting an amount in respect of a Reference Item into the 
Specified Currency on [specify date(s)] [insert relevant rate and, if applicable, observation time][(or any 
successor to such page or service) or if it is not reasonably practicable to determine the RI FX Level from 
such source, the RI FX Level will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the rate it determines would 
have prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate the 
rate at which the Calculation Agent determines the relevant Reference Item amount could be converted 
into the Specified Currency (expressed as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate) at or about the 
time and by reference to such source(s) as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate. 
"RI FX Rate" means (i) the RI FX Level, (ii) the FX Value or (iii) the number, as specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms.

--- Page 333 ---
- 333 - 
 
"RI FX Strike Level" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify rate][FX Closing Level][FX 
Maximum Level][FX Minimum Level][FX Average Level]. 
"RI Growing Average Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, the 
arithmetic average of [(a)][(i)] the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of each Averaging 
Date[s] specified in relation to such ST Valuation Date on which the RI Closing Value is [equal to 
or][higher than] the RI Closing Value in respect of the immediately preceding Averaging Date or if none, 
the RI Initial Value, divided by [(ii)] the relevant RI Initial Value [multiplied by (b) the FX Value]. 
"RI Initial Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify price] [Initial Closing Price] [Initial 
Maximum Price] [Initial Minimum Price][Initial Average Price] [Barrier Initial Price] [Barrier Initial 
Maximum Price] [Barrier Initial Minimum Price] [Barrier Initial Average Price]. 
"RI Intraday Level" means: 
(a) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Share Index, the Intraday Level; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Share or an ETF or a Fund Share or a Subject Currency, the 
Intraday Price. 
"RI Intraday Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] (i) the RI 
Intraday Level for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant 
RI Initial Value [multiplied by (b) FX Value]. 
"RI Inverse Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] (i) the RI Initial 
Value divided by (ii) the [RI Closing Value][RI Average Value] for such Reference Item in respect of 
such ST Valuation Date [multiplied by (b) the FX Value]. 
"RI Restrike Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date (a) the RI Closing 
Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date divided by (b) the RI Closing Value 
for such Reference Item in respect of the immediately preceding ST Valuation Date or if none, the Strike 
Date. 
"RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a [ST Valuation Date][ST FR Valuation Date], 
[(l)][(a)] (i) the [RI Closing Value] [RI Average Value] for such Reference Item in respect of such [ST 
Valuation Date][ST FR Valuation Date], divided by (ii) the relevant RI Initial Value [(expressed as a 
percentage)][multiplied by (b) the FX Value] [minus (2) [100%][Strike Percentage]]. 
"Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Intraday Value for the 
Reference Item(s) with the lowest or equal lowest RI Intraday Value for any Reference Item in the Basket 
in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Worst Inverse Value" means, in respect of ST Valuation Date, the RI Inverse Value for the Reference 
Item(s) with the lowest or equal lowest RI Inverse Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect 
of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value for the Reference Item(s) with 
the lowest or equal lowest RI Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation 
Date. 
5.3 
Dates and Periods 
Payments of interest and principal on the Notes may be associated with ST Valuation Dates and/or ST 
Valuation Periods, as the case may be, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, several set of dates may be used for the determination and calculation of a particular 
payout. 
"Final Interest Payment Date" means the Maturity Date. 
"Final ST Coupon Valuation Date" means the last ST Coupon Valuation Date.

--- Page 334 ---
- 334 - 
 
"Range Accrual Cut-Off Date" means [in respect of [each][a] Reference Item [(k)] and] [in respect of 
any [Range Period] [specify other period] [the][each] date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms] or, otherwise, the date falling [specify number] [calendar days] [Business Days] [Scheduled 
Trading Days [as defined in the [specify] Conditions] [specify other] before the [Range Period End Date] 
[specify other]. 
"Range Accrual Day" means [an Exchange Business Day][a Scheduled Trading Day][a Business 
Day][an Interest Determination Date][a calendar day][an Observation Date][specify]. 
"Range Period" means [specify period][each][the][Interest Period] [and the final date of each such 
period, the "Range Period End Date"]. 
"ST Coupon Valuation Date(s)" means each [Averaging Date][Coupon Valuation Date][Strike 
Date][Interest 
Determination 
Date][Interest 
Payment 
Date][Determination 
Date][Knock-in 
Determination Day][Knock-out Determination Day][Settlement Level Date][Settlement Price 
Date][Valuation Date][Range Accrual Day][ST Valuation Date] [and] [Range Period End Date]. 
"ST Coupon Valuation Period" means [the period from and including [specify] to and including 
[specify]][each][the][Interest Period][Range Period]. 
"ST ER Valuation Date" means each [Averaging Date][Settlement Level Date][Settlement Price 
Date][Determination Date][Calculation Date][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date][Knock-in 
Determination Day][Knock-out Determination Day]. 
"ST ER Valuation Period" means the period from and including [specify] to and including [specify]. 
"ST FR Valuation Date" means each [Averaging Date][Settlement Level Date][Settlement Price 
Date][Determination Date][Calculation Date][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date][Valuation 
Date][Knock-in 
Determination 
Day][Knock-out 
Determination 
Day][Coupon 
Valuation 
Date][Redemption Valuation Date]. 
"ST FR Valuation Period" means the period from and including [specify] to and including [specify]. 
"ST Redemption Valuation Date" means each [Averaging Date][Settlement Level Date][Settlement 
Price Date][Determination Date][Calculation Date][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date][Valuation Date][Knock-in Determination Day][Knock-out Determination Day]. 
"ST Redemption Valuation Period" means the period from and including [specify] to and including 
[specify]. 
"ST Valuation Date" means [each][the] [Coupon Valuation Date][Strike Date][Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST ER Valuation Date][ST FR Valuation Date][ST Redemption 
Valuation 
Date][Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date][Knock-in 
Determination 
Day][Knock-out Determination Day][Range Accrual Day]. 
"ST Valuation Period" means each [ST Coupon Valuation Period][ST ER Valuation Period][ST FR 
Valuation Period][ST Redemption Valuation Period][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period][Knock-in Determination Period][Knock-out Determination Period]. 
"Target Determination Date" means [specify date(s)]. 
"Target Final Interest Period" means the Interest Period ending on but excluding the Maturity Date. 
5.4 
Conditional Conditions 
If one or more conditions defined below are applicable for the determination and calculation of a payout 
formula(e), the definition shall be inserted, completed and adjusted in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
in order to take into account any value definitions in Payout Condition 5.2, relevant Date(s) and or 
Periods, and/or other Variable Data.

--- Page 335 ---
- 335 - 
 
"Barrier Count Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the Coupon 
Barrier Value on such ST Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier. 
"Booster Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], the 
Booster Value [on each Observation Date in respect of such [ST Valuation Date][in respect of such ST 
Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater 
than][less than or equal to] the Booster Level. 
"Cappuccino Barrier Condition" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, that the Coupon Barrier 
Value on such ST Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less 
than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier. 
"Coupon Barrier Condition [1][2][3][4]" means, in respect of [a ST Valuation Date][a ST Coupon 
Valuation Date][a ST Valuation Period], that the Coupon Barrier Value in respect of such [ST Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent, is 
[greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier [1][2][3][4] [[but 
is][or is][greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] [the] Coupon Barrier 
[1][2][3][4]]. 
"Digital Coupon Condition 1" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Reference Item 1, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 1 for the 
relevant [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] is [(i)] [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the Coupon Barrier 1 [and (ii) [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 2][insert (ii) 
if a Coupon Barrier 2 is specified][; and  
(b) 
in respect of Reference Item 2, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 2 for the 
relevant [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] is [(i)] [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 1 [and (ii) [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the Coupon Barrier 2][insert (ii) 
if a Coupon Barrier 2 is specified]][insert (b) if Reference Item 2 is specified]. 
"Digital Coupon Condition 2" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Reference Item 1, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 1 for the 
relevant [ST Coupon Valuation Date] [ST Coupon Valuation Period] is [(i)] [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 3 [and (ii) [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 4][insert (ii) 
if a Coupon Barrier 4 is specified][; and 
(b) 
in respect of Reference Item 2, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 2 for the 
relevant [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] is [(i)] [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 3 [and (ii) [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the Coupon Barrier 4][insert (ii) 
if a Coupon Barrier 4 is specified]][insert (b) if Reference Item 2 is specified]. 
"Final Redemption Condition" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], that 
the Final Redemption Value in respect of [such ST Valuation Date][ such ST Valuation Period], as 
determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or 
equal to] the Final Redemption Condition Level. 
"Final Redemption Condition 1" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], that 
the Final Redemption Value [on such ST Valuation Dates] [in respect of such ST Valuation Period], as 
determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or 
equal to] the Final Redemption Condition Level 1. 
"Final Redemption Condition 2" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ ST Valuation Period] 
that the Final Redemption Value on such [ST Valuation Date] [in respect of such ST Valuation Period], 
as determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or

--- Page 336 ---
- 336 - 
 
equal to] Final Redemption Condition Level [1][, but is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater 
than][less than or equal to] the Final Redemption Condition Level 2.] 
"Lock in" will have occurred if "(xxviii) "Rate of interest (xxviii) – Lock in" (A) has been satisfied 
provided that (B) or (C) are not also satisfied". 
"Optional Redemption Condition" means that at any time on any [SER Scheduled Trading Day/NYC 
Business Date/Business Day/day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [specify cities]] in the period from and including 
[insert] to and including [insert date/the SER Valuation Date] the FX Forward Rate is [equal to or] 
greater than [insert rate], as determined by the Calculation Agent.] 
"Podium Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, the 
Final Redemption Value for such Reference Item on such ST Valuation Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] the Final 
Redemption Condition Level. 
"Range Accrual Countdown Condition" [, subject as provided below,] will be deemed satisfied if, in 
respect of each Range Accrual Day [in the[relevant] Range Period [(n)]][from and including [specify] to 
[and including][but excluding] [specify] for [each] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]), the Coupon Barrier 
Value for each such Reference Item in respect of such Range Accrual Day is [(i)] [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][equal to or less than] the relevant [Upper][Lower] Coupon Barrier [specify 
number][and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][equal to or less than] the relevant 
[Upper][Lower] Coupon Barrier [specify number]](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier [specify number] is 
specified) [as specified in the table below]: 
(Replicate and complete the above definition multiple times as necessary or complete the below table) 
Range Period 
n 
From (and 
including) 
To (but 
excluding) 
Applicable 
Reference Item 
(k) 
[Lower] 
Coupon 
Barrier 
[Upper 
Coupon 
Barrier] 
[specify] 
[specify 
date][Interest 
Payment Date 
Falling in 
[specify]] 
[specify 
date][Interest 
Payment Date 
Falling in 
[specify]] 
[k=(n)] [specify] 
[specify][%] 
[specify][%] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in each 
row.] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
Specific Provisions for Range Accrual Countdown Condition: 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and] a Range Accrual Day [(other than a Range Accrual Stub 
Day)] which is not a [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day or is a 
Disrupted Day][specify] for such Reference Item [(k)], the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference 
Item [(k)] on such day shall be the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item [(k)] on the 
immediately preceding [Business Day[for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day that was 
not a Disrupted Day][specify]. [The above provisions with regard to the consequences of a Disrupted 
Day or a day not being a Scheduled Trading Day will prevail over consequences provided for in any 
applicable Annex or the Conditions.] 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and the relevant Range Period, the Coupon Barrier Value in 
respect of such Reference Item [(k)] for each Range Accrual Day after the relevant Range Accrual 
Cut-Off Date to (and excluding) the Range Period End Date (each a "Range Accrual Stub Day") will 
be deemed to be the Coupon Barrier Value as of such Range Accrual Cut-off Date.]

--- Page 337 ---
- 337 - 
 
"Range Accrual Coupon Condition" [subject as provided below] will be deemed satisfied if: 
(a) 
in respect of Reference Item (k=1), that the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item for 
the relevant Range Accrual Day [in the applicable Range Period] is [(i)] [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the relevant Coupon Barrier 1 [and 
(ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the relevant Coupon 
Barrier 2](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier 2 is specified)[; and  
(b) 
[in respect of Reference Item(k=n), that the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item for 
the relevant Range Accrual Day [in the applicable Range Period [(n)][from and including 
[specify] to [and including][but excluding][[specify] [for [each] Reference Item (k[=[specify]])]] 
is [(i)] [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the relevant 
[Upper][Lower] Coupon Barrier [insert number] and [(ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or 
greater than][less than or equal to], the relevant [Upper][Lower] Coupon Barrier [insert 
number]](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier [insert number] is specified)] [as specified in the table 
below](insert this paragraph (b) if Reference Item(k=n) is specified). 
 
 
 
Range 
Period 
n 
From (and 
including) 
To (but 
excluding) 
Applicable 
Reference 
Item (k) 
[Lower] 
Coupon 
Barrier 
[Upper 
Coupon 
Barrier] 
[specify] 
[specify 
date][Interest 
Payment Date 
Falling in 
[specify]] 
[specify 
date][Interest 
Payment Date 
Falling in 
[specify]] 
[k=(n)] 
[specify] 
[specify][%] 
[specify][%] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
Specific Provisions for Range Accrual Coupon Condition: 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and] a Range Accrual Day [(other than a Range Accrual Stub 
Day)] which is not a [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day which is 
not a Disrupted Day][specify] for such Reference Item [(k)], the Coupon Barrier Value for such 
Reference Item [(k)] on such day shall be the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item [(k)] on the 
immediately preceding [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day that was 
not a Disrupted Day][specify]. [The above provisions with regard to the consequences of a Disrupted 
Day or a day not being a Scheduled Trading Day will prevail over consequences provided for in any 
applicable Annex.] 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and the relevant Range Period, the Coupon Barrier Value in 
respect of such Reference Item [(k)] for each Range Accrual Day after the relevant Range Accrual Cut-off 
Date to (but excluding) the Range Period End Date (each a "Range Accrual Stub Day") will be deemed 
to be the Coupon Barrier Value as of such Range Accrual Cut-off Date.] 
(Repeat any of the above paragraphs where relevant in relation to each Reference Item) 
"Switch Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of any ST Valuation Date, the Issuer delivers on or 
prior to the [][th/st/rd] Business Day before the ST Valuation Date, or has in respect of a previous ST 
Valuation Date delivered, a notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) specifying 
that it is exercising the Switch Condition in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 338 ---
- 338 - 
 
5.5 
Enumeration Convention 
Without prejudice to any other provision of these Payout Conditions and as a general rule the following 
suffixes in relation to the payout terms will be used. Other suffix terms may be selected and may be 
included in the Applicable Transaction Terms with other definitions or provisions from the Payout 
Conditions: 
"i" [from i = [specify] to i = [specify]] or "m" [from m = [specify] to m = [specify]] in relation to the 
relevant ST Valuation Date or ST Valuation Period. 
"j" [from j = [specify] to j = [specify]] means the relevant Strike Date. 
"k" [from k = [specify] to k = [specify]] means the relevant Reference Item. 
"q" [from q = [specify] to q = [specify]] or "t" [from t = [specify] to t = [specify]] means the relevant 
Observation Date or ST Valuation Date. 
Any of these suffixes will be inserted, completed and explained, if necessary, in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms and may be tabulated, especially where two or more suffixes apply. 
[each date specified as such below [set out relevant table]: 
k 
ST Valuation Date 
[Set(s) of] Averaging Dates 
[specify] 
[insert date] 
Set n: [insert dates or describe 
dates. E.g. "The last [specify] 
Scheduled Trading Days of 
[month, 
year]] 
[Repeat 
as 
necessary for each set n] 
[Repeat as necessary in each 
row] 
[Repeat as necessary in each 
row.] 
[Repeat as necessary in each 
row.] 
 
6. 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
If Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions and Settlement Currency Payment are both specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, then notwithstanding the Notes are denominated in, and 
calculations made in respect of, the Specified Currency (the "SER Subject Currency"), all payments 
shall be made in the Settlement Currency (the "Settlement Currency" or the "SER Base Currency"). 
The Calculation Agent will determine the amount to be paid in the SER Base Currency by applying the 
Settlement Exchange Rate to the amount that would have been payable in the SER Subject Currency 
were it not for the provisions of this Payout Condition 6. 
Any such payment shall be made on the date such payment would have otherwise been due provided 
that, if limb (b) of the definition of "Settlement Exchange Rate" below applies, such payment may be 
deferred in accordance with Payout Condition 6.1(e) below if the SER Valuation Date is postponed as 
set out herein. No additional interest or other amount shall be payable in respect of any such delay. 
If Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
but Settlement Currency Payment is specified as not applicable then instead of the above procedures the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Settlement Exchange Rate to be used in the determination of the 
Final Payout. The Maturity Date or Optional Redemption Date may also be deferred in accordance with 
Payout Condition 6.1(e) below if the SER Valuation Date is postponed as set out herein. No additional 
interest or other amount will be payable in respect of any such delay.

--- Page 339 ---
- 339 - 
 
6.1 
SER Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Payout Condition 6.1 apply where Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are 
specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and limb (b) of the definition of "Settlement 
Exchange Rate" below applies. 
(a) 
SER Disruption Events 
If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the occurrence of any of the following events, in 
respect of any SER Base Currency and/or SER Subject Currency, shall be a "SER Disruption Event": 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) 
Nationalisation;  
(viii) 
Price Materiality; and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to (viii) above 
(inclusive). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of a SER Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence 
of the SER Disrupted Day, would have been a SER Valuation Date. 
(b) 
Consequences of a SER Disruption Event 
Upon a SER Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the 
day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant SER Price 
Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply in determining the 
consequences of the SER Disruption Event: (a) Calculation Agent Determination where the applicable 
SER Disruption Event is other than Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality; and (b) the applicable 
SER Disruption Fallback where the applicable SER Disruption Event is a Price Source Disruption or 
Price Materiality.  
(c) 
SER Unscheduled Holiday 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a date that would otherwise have been a SER Valuation Date is 
a SER Unscheduled Holiday in respect of the SER Subject Currency, then such date shall be the 
immediately succeeding SER Scheduled Trading Day after the occurrence of the SER Unscheduled 
Holiday, subject as provided above, and provided that if such SER Valuation Date has not occurred on 
or before the SER Maximum Days of Postponement then the next SER Scheduled Trading Day after 
such period that would have been a SER Scheduled Trading Day but for the SER Unscheduled Holiday 
shall be deemed to be the relevant date for valuation and the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on such day in its sole discretion acting in good faith having taken 
into account relevant market practice and by reference to such additional source(s) as it deems 
appropriate. 
(d) 
SER Cumulative Events 
If "SER Cumulative Events" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of 
a SER Subject Currency then, in no event shall the total number of consecutive calendar days during 
which a SER Valuation Date is deferred due to either (i) a SER Unscheduled Holiday or (ii) a SER 
Valuation Postponement (or a combination of both (i) and (ii)) exceed the SER Maximum Cumulative

--- Page 340 ---
- 340 - 
 
Days of Postponement in the aggregate. If a SER Valuation Date is postponed by the number of calendar 
days equal to the SER Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement and at the end of such period (i) a 
SER Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the day immediately following such 
period (the "Final Day"), then such Final Day shall be deemed to be the relevant SER Valuation Date 
and (ii) if a Price Source Disruption shall have occurred or be continuing on the Final Day, then Valuation 
Postponement shall not apply and the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined in accordance with 
the next applicable SER Disruption Fallback. 
(e) 
Postponement of payment or settlement days 
Where any SER Valuation Date is postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this Payout Condition 
6.1, then the corresponding date for payment or delivery of any assets shall fall on the later of (a) the 
date for such payment or delivery otherwise determined in accordance with the Applicable Transaction 
Terms and (b) the day falling the SER Number of Postponement Settlement Days specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms (or, if none are so specified, two Business Days) after the SER Valuation 
Date.  
6.2 
Consequences of a SER Additional Disruption Event 
Other than where limb (a) of the definition of "Settlement Exchange Rate" below applies, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that a SER Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). If the Notes 
are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him 
which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note, taking into account the SER Additional Disruption 
Event, less (except for Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX) the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
6.3 
Definitions 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion 
that it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes. 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the SER Base Currency and/or SER Subject Currency splits 
into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
"General Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to 
convert a SER Subject Currency into the SER Base Currency or vice versa in a SER Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction through customary legal channels. 
"General Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible 
to deliver (A) the SER Base Currency from accounts inside a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction to 
accounts outside a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction or (B) the SER Subject Currency between accounts 
inside a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of a SER Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental 
authority or (ii) any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank), in each case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit,

--- Page 341 ---
- 341 - 
 
receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). Such event will not be 
applicable in the case of Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or EuroTLX. 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the SER Base Currency 
and/or SER Subject Currency whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm 
quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Calculation Agent to hedge its obligations 
under the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on the relevant SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the 
day on which rates for such SER Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or 
announced by the relevant SER Price Source). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, 
without limitation, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due 
to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed 
an Increased Cost of Hedging. Such event will not be applicable in the case of Notes admitted to trading 
on SeDeX Market or EuroTLX. 
"Material Change in Circumstance" means the occurrence of any event (other than those events 
specified as SER Disruption Events) in the SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction beyond the control of the 
parties to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes which makes it impossible (A) for a party to 
fulfil its obligations under the hedging arrangement or (B) generally to fulfil obligations similar to such 
party's obligations under that hedging arrangement. 
"Nationalisation" means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by 
any Governmental Authority which deprives a party to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes of 
all or substantially all of its assets in the SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Price Materiality" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the SER Primary Rate 
differs from any SER Secondary Rate by at least the SER Price Materiality Percentage or if there are 
insufficient responses on the relevant SER Valuation Date to any survey used to calculate any such rate, 
then the SER Price Materiality Percentage will be deemed to be met.  
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which the 
Settlement Exchange Rate is calculated. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the relevant page specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or any successor to such page or service acceptable to the Calculation Agent, including within the Price 
Source if applicable. 
"Settlement Currency" or "SER Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Settlement Exchange Rate" means (a) the rate specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or (b) if no such rate is specified and, subject as referred to in Payout Condition 6.1 above, (x) where 
Settlement Currency Payment is applicable, the rate of exchange appearing on the SER Price Source at 
the SER Valuation Time on the relevant SER Valuation Date for the exchange of the SER Subject 
Currency per one unit of the SER Base Currency or (y) where Settlement Currency Payment is not 
applicable, the SER Base Currency into the Specified Curency, in each case for settlement on the SER 
Number of Settlement Days. 
"SER Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased 
Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"SER Disrupted Day" means any SER Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that a SER Disruption Event has occurred. 
"SER Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Settlement Exchange Rate when a SER Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that

--- Page 342 ---
- 342 - 
 
is a SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary 
course, be published or announced by the SER Price Source) being, in respect of a SER Subject Currency, 
any of Calculation Agent Determination, First Fallback Reference Price, Second Fallback Reference 
Price and Valuation Postponement, as so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms for such SER 
Subject Currency. Where more than one SER Disruption Fallback is so specified then such SER 
Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order in which they are specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms until the Settlement Exchange Rate can be determined for such exchange rate relating to that SER 
Subject Currency for such SER Valuation Date.  
Where: 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Exchange Rate taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. 
"First Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Exchange Rate by reference to the applicable First Fallback Reference Price and, for 
which purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Exchange Rate to "SER Price Source", 
"SER Valuation Time" and "SER Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, 
to be to "SER First Fallback Price Source", "SER First Fallback Valuation Time" and "SER 
First Fallback Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms shall have the 
meanings given to them in the Applicable Transaction Terms). 
"Second Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Exchange Rate by reference to the applicable Second Fallback Reference Price and, 
for which purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Exchange Rate to "SER Price 
Source", "SER Valuation Time" and "SER Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, 
respectively, to be to "SER Second Fallback Price Source", "SER Second Fallback Valuation 
Time" and "SER Second Fallback Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms 
shall have the meanings given to them in the Applicable Transaction Terms). 
"Valuation Postponement" means that the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined on 
the immediately succeeding SER Scheduled Trading Day which is not a SER Disrupted Day 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that no such SER Scheduled Trading Day which is not 
a SER Disrupted Day has occurred on or before the day falling the SER Maximum Days of 
Postponement following the originally designated SER Valuation Date, as the case may be. In 
such event, the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined on the next SER Scheduled 
Trading Day after the SER Maximum Days of Postponement (notwithstanding the fact that day 
may be a SER Disrupted Day) in accordance with the next applicable SER Disruption Fallback. 
"SER Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days. 
"SER Maximum Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days.  
"SER Number of Settlement Days" means, in respect of a SER Subject Currency, the number of days 
on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a SER Disruption Event would have 
been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice 
of the foreign exchange market) in the or each SER Settlement Day Centre specified as such in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms (each, a "SER Settlement Day"). Where no such number or zero is so 
specified, then such rate shall be for settlement on the same day.   
"SER Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or, if no such percentage is specified, 3%.  
"SER Price Source" means the price source(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
(or any successor to such price source(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent).  
"SER Primary Rate" means the rate specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"SER Scheduled Trading Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the 
occurrence of a SER Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign

--- Page 343 ---
- 343 - 
 
exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the or each SER 
Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms provided that where 
the SER Subject Currency is BRL, then notwithstanding the foregoing, if the relevant SER Valuation 
Date falls on a date that, as the Trade Date, is not a scheduled day on which commercial banks are open 
(or, but for the occurrence of a SER Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in 
New York City (an "NYC Business Day"), then no adjustment to such date shall be made on account of 
the fact that such date is not an NYC Business Day. 
"SER Secondary Rate" means the rate specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"SER Subject Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction" means each country for which the SER Subject Currency is the 
lawful currency. 
"SER Unscheduled Holiday" means a day that is not a SER Scheduled Trading Day and the market was 
not aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available 
information) until a time later than 9:00 a.m. local time in the principal financial centre of the SER 
Subject Currency two SER Scheduled Trading Days prior to the relevant scheduled SER Valuation Date. 
"SER Valuation Date" means any date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if such 
day is not a SER Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding SER Scheduled Trading Day and, 
in the event of a SER Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Payout Condition 6.1(c) 
above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day is a SER Disrupted Day, in which 
case the provisions of Payout Condition 6.1(b) shall apply. Where the amount so due is the Early 
Redemption Amount, then the SER Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the fifth SER Scheduled 
Trading Day prior to the date of early redemption of the Notes. 
"SER Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the time 
at which the SER Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Exchange 
Rate is calculated. 
7. 
FX Factor 
Where the Applicable Transaction Terms specifies that a FX Factor applies to an amount payable under 
the Notes, such amount will include an adjustment by reference to the relevant FX Factor, and all relevant 
amounts will be as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For these purposes: 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" has the meaning given in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Note Condition 6 above.  
"Coupon Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"FX Factor" means the FX Factor Final Level divided by the FX Factor Initial Level or, if so specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the FX Factor Initial Level divided by the FX Factor Final Level. 
"FX Factor Final Averaging Date" means each of [insert each relevant day which may be a specified 
day or may be a type of date from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] [or if any such 
day is not a [Business Day/insert another type of day from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Conditions] the relevant FX Factor Final Averaging Date will be the immediately [preceding/following] 
day which is a [Business Day/insert another type of day from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Conditions] regardless of whether or not this would coincide with another FX Factor Final Averaging 
Date]. 
"FX Factor Final Level" means [the FX Factor Final Reference Level in respect of the [FX Factor Final 
Valuation Date][the arithmetic average of the FX Factor Final Reference Levels on each FX Factor Final 
Averaging Date]] [the Settlement Price for Reference Item [(k)] in respect of][[the [relevant] Coupon 
Valuation Date][the Redemption Valuation Date][the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date][the 
relevant Observation Date]].

--- Page 344 ---
- 344 - 
 
"FX Factor Final Reference Level" means, in respect of any day, the rate for conversion of [the 
Specified Currency into the FX Value Reference Currency] [the FX Value Reference Currency into the 
Specified Currency] on such day expressed as the amount of the [Specified Currency/FX Value 
Reference Currency] which may be purchased with one unit of the [Specified Currency/FX Value 
Reference Currency] at or about [] [a.m./p.m.] ([] time) by reference to [such source(s) as the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate] [[specify page and service] (or any successor to such page or 
service)] [or if it is not reasonably practicable to determine the FX Factor Final Reference Level from 
such source, the FX Factor Final Reference Level will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the 
rate it determines would have prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to such source(s) as it 
deems appropriate for the relevant conversion at or about the time on the relevant day and by reference 
to such source(s) which in each case the Calculation Agent deems appropriate][ , all subject to the 
provisions of the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes, for which purpose the FX Factor Final 
Reference Level will be deemed to be a Settlement Price]. 
"FX Factor Final Valuation Date" means [insert day which may be a specified day or may be a type of 
date from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] [or if such day is not a [Business 
Day/insert another type of day from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] the 
immediately [preceding/following] day which is a [Business Day/insert another type of day from the 
Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions]]. 
"FX Factor Initial Averaging Date" means each of [insert each relevant day which may be a specified 
day or may be a type of date from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] [or if any such 
day is not a [Business Day/insert another type of day from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Conditions] the relevant FX Factor Initial Averaging Date will be the immediately [preceding/following] 
day which is a [Business Day/insert another type of day from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Conditions] regardless of whether or not this would coincide with another FX Factor Initial Averaging 
Date]. 
"FX Factor Initial Level" means [the FX Factor Initial Reference Level in respect of the FX Factor 
Initial Valuation Date][the arithmetic average of the FX Factor Initial Reference Levels on each FX 
Factor Initial Averaging Date][the Settlement Price for Reference Item [(k)] in respect of the Strike Date]. 
"FX Factor Initial Reference Level" means, in respect of any day, the rate for conversion of [the 
Specified Currency into the FX Value Reference Currency] [the FX Value Reference Currency into the 
Specified Currency] on such day expressed as the amount of the [Specified Currency/FX Value 
Reference Currency] which may be purchased with one unit of the [Specified Currency/FX Value 
Reference Currency] at or about [] [a.m./p.m.] ([] time) by reference to [to such source(s) as the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate] [[specify page and service] (or any successor to such page or 
service)] [or if it is not reasonably practicable to determine the FX Factor Initial Reference Level from 
such source, the FX Factor Initial Reference Level will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the 
rate it determines would have prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to such source(s) as it 
deems appropriate for the relevant conversion at or about the time on the relevant day and by reference 
to such source(s) which in each case the Calculation Agent deems appropriate][ , all subject to the 
provisions of the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes, for which purpose the FX Factor Initial 
Reference Level will be deemed to be a Settlement Price]. 
"FX Factor Initial Valuation Date" means [insert day which may be a specified day or may be a type 
of date from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] [or if such day is not a [Business 
Day/insert another type of day from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] the 
immediately [preceding/following] day which is a [Business Day/insert another type of day from the 
Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions]]. 
"FX Value Reference Currency" means [specify currency]. 
"Observation Date" has the meaning given in the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions. 
"Redemption Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Redemption Valuation Date in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Settlement Price" has the meaning given in the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms.

--- Page 345 ---
- 345 - 
 
8. 
UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes 
If UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes provisions are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms: 
(a) 
Where the SER Settlement Currency is Colombian Pesos ("COP") and UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes 
are specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms then all amounts of interest and principal 
denominated in COP (each a "Relevant COP Amount") will be multiplied by the relevant Inflation 
Adjusted Rate prior to being converted into the Settlement Currency. The Inflation Adjusted Rate for 
each Relevant COP Amount will be determined by reference to the payment date (the "Related Payment 
Date") for payment to Noteholders of the converted Settlement Currency amount determined by 
reference to the adjusted Relevant COP Amount, in each case as provided below. 
(b) 
Definitions 
"Inflation Adjusted Rate" means in respect of a Related Payment Date, the result of (a) the UVR Index 
in respect of such day divided by (b) the Initial UVR Index. 
"IPC" means, with respect to any period, the Colombian Consumer Price Index (Indice de Precios as 
Consumidor) that is published monthly and certified by the National Administrative Department of the 
Statistics (Departmento Administrativo Nacional de Estadistica or "DANE") or by any other authority 
succeeding to its functions and capacities from time to time. 
"UVR Index" means Unidad de Valor Real or Unidad de Valor Constante, which, as set out in Article 3 
of Law 546 of 1999 of Colombia, is the unit of adjustment of the COP based on the variation of the IPC 
and expressed as the amount of COP per unit of UVR Index as published and outstanding at the relevant 
time on the website of the Colombian Central Bank: (Banco de la República de Colombia): 
http://www.banrep.gov.co/es/unidad-valor-real-uvr under the heading "Unidad de valor real (UVR)", 
calculated by the Colombia Central Bank in accordance with Resolución Externa No. 13 de 2000. 
If the UVR Index is wholly replaced or substituted entirely for another unit by the Colombian Central 
Bank, references to UVR Index will be to the unit replacing or substituting the UVR Index to the extent 
that (a) such unit is determined by the Colombian Central Bank, (b) such unit is applicable to commercial 
transactions and (c) such unit is published on the web site of the Colombian Central Bank or another 
official publication in Colombia in respect of any given date. In the event (i) UVR Index is no longer 
published by or available from the Colombian Central Bank, or (ii) UVR Index for a determination date 
is not available on the applicable determination date, UVR Index will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner. In either case the Calculation Agent 
may make any consequential or related adjustments required to the Conditions to reflect the relevant 
replacement or substitution or non-publication or non-availability as it determines appropriate acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner.  
In addition, if any change or modification is made to the UVR Index or the arrangements for its 
calculation or publication which would affect the Notes, then (A) the Calculation Agent may if it 
determines such change or modification is material make such adjustments to the Conditions to account 
for such change or modification as it determines appropriate acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner and determine the effective date of that adjustment, or (B) if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustment that it could make under (A) will produce a commercially reasonably 
result, the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer that the relevant consequence shall be the early 
redemption of the Notes. If the early redemption of the Notes occurs, then the Issuer will pay to the 
Noteholders the Early Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the 
outstanding Notes. The Calculation Agent will give notice of any such adjustment or early redemption 
determination in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
"UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes" means Notes denominated in Colombian Pesos which are adjusted by 
reference to the Inflation Adjusted Rate and in respect of which payment will be made in the Settlement 
Currency. 
"Initial UVR Index" means the value specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms.

--- Page 346 ---
- 346 - 
 
ANNEX 8 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED NOTES 
The terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") applicable to EUA Contract Linked Notes shall comprise 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") and the additional terms and conditions set out below 
(the "EUA Contract Linked Conditions"), in each case subject to completion in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the EUA Contract Linked Conditions, the 
EUA Contract Linked Conditions shall prevail In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or 
the EUA Contract Linked Conditions and (ii) the Applicable Transaction Terms or the Drawdown Prospectus (as 
the case may be), the Applicable Transaction Terms or the Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) shall 
prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Abandonment of Scheme" means the Scheme is, as a result of official written public pronouncement 
by the European Community, no longer scheduled to proceed or is to be discontinued; 
"Absence of Registry Operation" means, other than by reason of the occurrence of an Administrator 
Event, the absence of: 
(a) 
the establishment of and continuing functioning of the Relevant Registry; 
(b) 
the establishment of and continuing functioning of the EUTL;  
(c) 
the establishment of and continuing functioning of the link between each of the Relevant 
Registry and the EUTL; and/or 
(d) 
the continued functioning of the link between each of the LSTL and the EUTL; 
"Administrator Event" means the suspension of some or all of the processes of the Relevant Registry, 
the EUTL or, if applicable, the LSTL, in accordance with the Registries Regulation by the relevant 
National Administrator or the Central Administrator (as applicable) (a) where that Relevant Registry is 
not operated and maintained in accordance with the provisions of the Registries Regulation, or any other 
applicable law, (b) for the purpose of carrying out scheduled or emergency maintenance, (c) where there 
has been or following reasonable suspicion of, a breach of security which threatens the integrity of the 
registries system (including any back up facilities) or (d) where the mutual recognition of EU Allowances 
under a relevant Linking Agreement has been suspended in accordance with the terms of such Linking 
Agreement; 
"Basket Component" means any EUA Contract comprised in a Basket of EUA Contracts; 
"Basket of EUA Contracts" means a basket comprising two or more EUA Contracts; 
"Central Administrator" means the person designated by the EU Commission to operate and maintain 
the EUTL pursuant to Article 20(1) of the Emissions Directive; 
"Delivery Date" means, in respect of an EUA Contract Reference Price, the relevant date or month for 
delivery of the underlying EUA Contract (which must be a date or month reported or capable of being 
determined from information reported in or by the relevant Price Source) as follows: 
(a) 
if the Notes are not Rolling Futures Contract Notes: 
(i) 
if a date is, or a month and year are, specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
that date or that month and year; 
(ii) 
if a Nearby Month is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the month of 
expiration of the relevant Futures Contract; and 
(iii) 
if a method is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms for the purpose of 
determining the Delivery Date, the date or the month and year determined pursuant to 
that method;

--- Page 347 ---
- 347 - 
 
(b) 
if the Notes are Rolling Futures Contract Notes, the delivery date for a futures contract selected 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on the 
Futures Rollover Date or if none the Issue Date. 
"Disappearance of EUA Contract Reference Price" means (a) the permanent discontinuation of 
trading, in the relevant Futures Contract or EUA Contract on the relevant Exchange or (b) the 
disappearance of, or of trading in, the relevant Futures Contract or EUA Contract Component or (c) the 
disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of a EUA Contract Reference Price, 
notwithstanding the availability of the related Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant Futures 
Contract or EUA Contract; 
"Emissions Directive" means Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
13 October 2003 establishing a scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowance trading within the 
Community and amending Council Directive 96/61/EC, as amended from time to time; 
"EUA Contract" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Annex, the EUA Contract(s) or 
Futures Contract(s) specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly; 
"EUA Contract Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a EUA Contract: 
(i) 
where the EUA Contract Reference Price for the relevant EUA Contract is announced 
or published by an Exchange, any day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market 
Disruption Event, would have been) a day on which each relevant Exchange is open 
for trading during its regular trading sessions and notwithstanding any such Exchange 
closing prior to its scheduled closing time; or 
(ii) 
a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published (or, but for the occurrence 
of a Market Disruption Event, would have published) a price for the relevant EUA 
Contract; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Basket of EUA Contracts, a day on which the EUA Contract Reference Price in 
respect of all of the Basket Components is scheduled to be published or announced in 
accordance with (i) and (ii) above; 
"EUA Contract Disrupted Day" means any day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
"EUA Contract Fallback Value" means: 
(a) 
in respect of any EUA Contract, the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided to the 
Calculation Agent by each of the Reference Dealers as its EUA Contract Reference Price for 
the relevant Pricing Date of the relevant EUA Contract, provided that if only three such 
quotations are so provided, the EUA Contract Fallback Value shall be the EUA Contract 
Reference Price remaining after disregarding the EUA Contract Reference Prices having the 
highest and lowest values (or if more than one such highest or lowest, one only of them).  If 
fewer than three such quotations are so provided, it will be deemed that such value cannot be 
determined and the relevant value shall be the good faith estimate of the Calculation Agent; or 
(b) 
in respect of any Basket of EUA Contracts, the price for such Basket of EUA Contracts in 
respect of the relevant Pricing Date determined by the Calculation Agent using the price or level 
for each Basket Component determined as follows: 
(i) 
in respect of each Basket Component, which is not affected by the Market Disruption 
Event, the closing price or level or settlement price, as applicable, of such Basket 
Component on such Pricing Date; and 
(ii) 
in respect of each Basket Component, which is affected by the Market Disruption 
Event (each an "Affected Item"), the closing price or level or settlement price, as 
applicable, for such Affected Item on the first succeeding EUA Contract Business Day 
that is not a EUA Contract Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive

--- Page 348 ---
- 348 - 
 
EUA Contract Business Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Pricing Date is a EUA Contract Disrupted Day.  
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Pricing Date shall be deemed to be the Pricing 
Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a EUA Contract 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the price or level of such 
Affected Item based upon the price at which the Issuer is able to sell or otherwise 
realise any hedge positions in respect of the Notes during the period of five EUA 
Contract Business Days following the last such consecutive EUA Contract Business 
Day; 
"EUA Contract Reference Price" means the EUA Contract Reference Price specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms; 
"EU Allowance" or "EUA" means an allowance to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide (CO2) equivalent 
during a specified period which is valid for meeting emissions related commitment obligations under the 
Scheme and including allowances stemming from emission trading systems that are linked with the EU 
ETS pursuant to Article 25 of the Emissions Directive relating to a specified compliance period which 
may be either the Third Compliance Period or the Fourth Compliance Period depending on the underlying 
of the EUA Contract Reference Price;  
"EU ETS" has the meaning given to it in the Emissions Directive; 
"EUTL" means the independent transaction log provided for in Article 20(1) of the Emissions Directive, 
the operation of which is further detailed in Article 5 of the Registries Regulation; 
"Exchange" means the exchange or principal trading market for such EUA Contract specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms or in the EUA Contract Reference Price; 
"Final Pricing Date" or "Final Interest Pricing Date" means the date specified as such in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms.  References in these Conditions to "Final Pricing Date" shall be deemed 
to apply mutatis mutandis in respect of any "Final Interest Pricing Date"; 
"Fourth Compliance Period" means the period starting on 1 January 2021 and ending on 31 December 
2030; 
"Futures Contract" means, in respect of a EUA Contract Reference Price, the contract for future 
delivery of a contract size in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to the EUA Contract referred 
to in that EUA Contract Reference Price; 
"Futures Rollover Date" means either: 
(a) 
the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms; or 
(b) 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner within the period ("Futures Rollover Period") specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Calculation Agent, any Affiliate of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Calculation Agent or 
any third party) from time to time who directly or indirectly hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of 
the Notes or where no such party hedges such obligations, a Hypothetical Investor, who shall be deemed 
to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge Provider will hold or be deemed to 
hold such number of EU Allowances, or enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement to purchase or 
deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such number of EU Allowances as it (or in the 
case of a Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a prudent issuer as a 
hedge for its exposure under the Notes; 
"Holding Account" means a form of digital record maintained in a Registry (pursuant to and in 
accordance with the Registries Regulation) that is able to be used to record the allocation (if applicable), 
holding and transfer of EU Allowances that are to be delivered in respect of any hedging arrangements 
entered into by the Hedge Provider pursuant to and in accordance with the Scheme;

--- Page 349 ---
- 349 - 
 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation), which may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be 
resident or organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable), the Calculation Agent or any of their Affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
the context of the relevant situation); 
"Initial Pricing Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Intraday Price" means the Relevant Price of such EUA Contract at such time on such day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in EUA Contract Linked Condition 4 
(Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks); 
"Limit Price Event" means that the settlement price of any EUA Contract or Futures Contract relating 
to the relevant EUA Contract has increased or decreased from the previous day's published settlement 
price by an amount equal to the maximum amount permitted under the applicable exchange rules for 
such EUA Contract or Futures Contract relating to the relevant EUA Contract; 
"Linking Agreement" means an agreement between the European Union and a non-Member State on 
the linking of their greenhouse gas emissions trading systems, as envisaged under Article 25 of the 
Emissions Directive and which has entered into force in accordance with its terms, as amended from time 
to time; 
"LSTL" means a transaction log of a non-Member State that is linked to the EUTL under the terms of a 
relevant Linking Agreement; 
"Material Change in Content" means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change in the 
content, composition or constitution of the relevant EUA Contract or Futures Contract relating to the 
relevant EUA Contract; 
"Material Change in Formula" means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change in the 
formula for or the method of calculating the relevant EUA Contract Reference Price used to calculate the 
EUA Contract Reference Price; 
"National Administrator" means (a) the entity responsible for administering, on behalf of a Member 
State, a set of user accounts under the jurisdiction of a Member State in the Union Registry as designated 
in accordance with Article 7 of the Registries Regulation or (b) the entity identified as an administrator 
in respect of an LSTL; 
"Nearby Month", when preceded by a numerical adjective, means, in respect of a Delivery Date and a 
Pricing Date, the month of expiration of the Futures Contract identified by that numerical adjective, so 
that, for example, (a) "First Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the first Futures Contract 
to expire following that Pricing Date; (b) "Second Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the 
second Futures Contract to expire following that Pricing Date; and (c) "Sixth Nearby Month" means the 
month of expiration of the sixth Futures Contract to expire following that Pricing Date; 
"Price Source" means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including an Exchange) 
containing (or reporting) the Specified Price (or prices from which the Specified Price is calculated) 
specified in the relevant EUA Contract Reference Price; 
"Price Source Disruption" means (a) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish the Specified 
Price (or the information necessary for determining the Specified Price) for the relevant EUA Contract 
Reference Price, or (b) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source; 
"Pricing Date"  means each date specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as being the Initial 
Pricing Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, a Valuation Date, the Final Pricing Date or any 
other date on which a Relevant Price is to be determined or if any such date is not an EUA Contract 
Business Day, the immediately succeeding EUA Contract Business Day, unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is an EUA Contract Disrupted Day, in which case, the relevant date, shall 
be the first succeeding EUA Contract Business Day that is not an EUA Contract Disrupted Day, unless 
each of the number of consecutive EUA Contract Business Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Pricing Date is an EUA Contract Disrupted Day.  In 
that case, (a) the last such consecutive EUA Contract Business Day shall be deemed to be the Pricing

--- Page 350 ---
- 350 - 
 
Date notwithstanding the fact that such day is an EUA Contract Disrupted Day, and (b) the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor shall take action in accordance with the provisions of  EUA Contract 
Linked Condition 4.2;  
"Reference Dealers" means four leading dealers in the relevant EUA Contracts market selected by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Registries Regulation" means the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/1122 of 12 March 
2019 supplementing Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the 
functioning of the Union Registry, as amended from time to time; 
"Registry" means the registry established by a Member State, a non-Member State or the EU, in order 
to ensure the accurate accounting of the issue, holding, transfer, acquisition, surrender, cancellation and 
replacement of EU Allowances. For the avoidance of doubt, references to a Registry shall include the 
Union Registry and the Holding Accounts within the Union Registry that are under the jurisdiction of a 
single National Administrator designated by a Member State and will together be deemed to be a Registry 
for that Member State; 
"Relevant Price" means, for any Pricing Date, the price determined with respect to that day for the 
specified EUA Contract Reference Price calculated as provided in these EUA Contract Linked 
Conditions and the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Relevant Registry" means the Registry (or Registries) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms or, if not so specified, each of the Registry in Spain and the Registry in Ireland; 
"Scheduled Pricing Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Market Disruption Event, would have been a Pricing Date on which a Relevant Price would have been 
determined; 
"Scheme" means the scheme for transferring EU Allowances established pursuant to the Emissions 
Directive and the Registries Regulation, and as implemented by the national laws of Member States; 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means an event or circumstance beyond the control of the Hedge 
Provider that cannot, after the use of all reasonable efforts, be overcome and which makes it impossible 
for such Hedge Provider to deliver or accept EU Allowances in accordance with the terms of any hedging 
arrangements entered into by the Hedge Provider or otherwise trade EU Allowances, or there is any 
limitation, restriction or impossibility of transfer of EU Allowances in the market generally. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the inability of the Hedge Provider to deliver EU Allowances as a result of 
insufficient EU Allowances available to it, whether caused by the low or non-allocation of EU 
Allowances by a Member State or any other state, the delay or failure of a Member State or Central 
Administrator to replace allowances for a subsequent compliance period or the failure to procure 
sufficient EU Allowances to meet its delivery obligations, shall not constitute a Settlement Disruption 
Event; 
"Settlement Price" means, in respect of a single EUA Contract, the Relevant Price, or unless otherwise 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in the case of a Basket of EUA Contracts, the sum of the 
values calculated in respect of each Basket Component as the Relevant Price of such Basket Component 
multiplied by the relevant Weighting; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means five (5) EUA Contract Business Days or such other 
number of Specified Maximum Days of Disruption specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of a EUA Contract Reference Price, any of the following prices 
(which must be a price reported in or by, or capable of being determined from information reported in or 
by, the relevant Price Source), as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms (and, if applicable, as of 
the time so specified): (a) the high price; (b) the low price; (c) the average of the high price and the low 
price; (d) the closing price; (e) the opening price; (f) the bid price; (g) the asked price; (h) the average of 
the bid price and the asked price; (i) the settlement price; (j) the official settlement price; (k) the official 
price; (l) the morning fixing; (m) the afternoon fixing; (n) the spot price; (o) the arithmetic average of 
bid and offer prices at 5.30pm (CET time) on the Pricing Date;

--- Page 351 ---
- 351 - 
 
"Tax Disruption" means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, 
value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by reference to the 
relevant EUA Contract or Futures Contract relating to the relevant EUA Contract (other than a tax on, or 
measured by reference to overall gross or net income) by any government or taxation authority after the 
Trade Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower the Relevant 
Price on the day that would otherwise be a Pricing Date from what it would have been without that 
imposition, change or removal; 
"Third Compliance Period" means the period starting on 1 January 2013 and ending on 31 December 
2020; 
"Trading Disruption" means the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed on, trading 
in the relevant EUA Contract or Futures Contract relating to relevant the EUA Contract or, in the case of 
any additional futures contract, options contract, on any Exchange as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms.  For these purposes: 
(a) 
a suspension of the trading in the EUA Contract or Futures Contract, as the case may be, on any 
EUA Contract Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if: 
(i) 
all trading in the EUA Contract or Futures Contract, as the case may be, is suspended 
for the entire Pricing Date; or 
(ii) 
all trading in the EUA Contract or Futures Contract, as the case may be, is suspended 
subsequent to the opening of trading on the Pricing Date, trading does not recommence 
prior to the regularly scheduled close of trading in such Futures Contract or EUA 
Contract, as the case may be, on such Pricing Date and such suspension is announced 
less than one hour preceding its commencement; and 
(b) 
a limitation of trading in the relevant EUA Contract or Futures Contract relating to the relevant 
EUA Contract, as the case may be, on any EUA Contract Business Day shall be deemed to be 
material only if the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of 
the relevant EUA Contract or Futures Contract, as the case may be, may fluctuate and the closing 
or settlement price of the relevant EUA Contract or Futures Contract, as the case may be, on 
such day is at the upper or lower limit of that range; and 
"Union Registry" means the Registry referred to as the "Union registry" in Article 19(1) of the Emissions 
Directive. 
2. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means, for an EUA Contract, the occurrence or existence of: 
(a) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(b) 
Trading Disruption; 
(c) 
Disappearance of EUA Contract Reference Price; 
(d) 
Limit Price Event; 
(e) 
Material Change in Content; 
(f) 
Tax Disruption; 
(g) 
Settlement Disruption Event; 
(h) 
Abandonment of Scheme; 
(i) 
Administrator Event; or  
(j) 
Absence of Registry Operations 
(k) 
Material Change in Formula;

--- Page 352 ---
- 352 - 
 
(each of which is defined in EUA Contract Linked Condition 1 above). 
3. 
Determination of Market Disruption Events 
The Calculation Agent will determine if a Market Disruption Event has occurred acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner. Where the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances is 
capable of triggering more than one Market Disruption Event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor may determine which Market Disruption Event is to be triggered, in its sole and absolute 
discretion. 
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers a Market Disruption 
Event, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, from the Trade Date, of any event 
or set of circumstances, as the case may be, if such event or set of circumstances occurs more than once. 
4. 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks 
4.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after having been notified of such 
determination by the Calculation Agent, give notice ("Market Disruption Event Notice") to the Holders 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) of the occurrence of such 
Market Disruption Event (the date on which an Market Disruption Event Notice is given, a "Market 
Disruption Event Notification Date") and set out, if determined at that time, the action that it has 
determined to take in respect of the Market Disruption Event pursuant to EUA Contract Linked Note 
Condition 4.2 below. Where the action that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor has 
determined to take is not, for whatever reason, set out in the Market Disruption Event Notice, the action 
that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor has determined to take shall be set out in a subsequent 
notice given to Holders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable after 
the Market Disruption Event Notification Date. 
For such purposes, a Market Disruption Event shall be considered to be "continuing" if it has not been 
remedied to the reasonable satisfaction of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor. 
The Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall provide Holders with a Market Disruption Event 
Notice as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination of an Market Disruption Event. 
However, neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss, 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by any Holder or any other person in 
connection with the Notes as a result of any delay, howsoever arising. If the Issuer or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor gives a Market Disruption Event Notice, it shall have no obligation to make any 
payment or delivery in respect of the EUA Contract Linked Notes until it has determined the action that 
it has determined to take pursuant to EUA Contract Linked Condition 4.2 below. 
4.2 
Following the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action described below in (a), (b), or (c). 
(a) 
No Action 
If the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor in its sole and absolute discretion determines 
that the action to be taken in respect of the Market Disruption Event is to be "No Action", then 
the EUA Contract Linked Notes shall continue and there shall be no amendment to the Terms 
and Conditions and/or the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(b) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor in its sole and absolute discretion determines 
that the action to be taken in respect of the Market Disruption Event is to be "Adjustment", then 
the Calculation Agent acting on instructions from the Issuer (or, as the case may be, the

--- Page 353 ---
- 353 - 
 
Guarantor) may determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the appropriate adjustment(s), if 
any, to be made to any of the terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the Applicable 
Transaction Terms (including adjusting any cost or cost adjustment) to take account of the 
economic effect of the Market Disruption Event and determine the effective date of such 
adjustment. Such adjustments may but do not have to include determining any EUA Contract 
Fallback Value(s). 
(c) 
Termination 
If the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor determines that the action to be taken in respect 
of the Market Disruption Event is to be "Termination", on giving notice to Holders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which such notice may be included in the Market 
Disruption Event Notice in respect of the relevant Market Disruption Event) the outstanding 
EUA Contract Linked Notes shall be redeemed by payment of the Early Redemption Amount. 
Payment will be made in such manner and on such date as shall be notified to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(d) 
General 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of an Market Disruption Event, neither the 
Issuer nor the Guarantor is under any duty to consider the interests of Holders or any other 
person. In making any determination as to which action to take following the occurrence of an 
Market Disruption Event, neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the Calculation Agent shall be 
responsible for any loss (including any liability in respect of interest), underperformance or 
opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Holders or any other person in connection with the EUA 
Contract Linked Notes as a result of any such determination, howsoever such loss may arise 
including as a result of any delay in making any payment or delivery in respect of the EUA 
Contract Linked Notes. Any obligation or role of the Issuer or Guarantor specified in these EUA 
Contract Linked Conditions may be performed on its behalf by the Calculation Agent. 
5. 
Correction of EUA Contract Reference Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three EUA Contract Business 
Days prior to the due date for any payment under the Notes, if the EUA Contract Reference Price 
published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination 
under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange or any 
other person responsible for the publication or announcement of the EUA Contract Reference Price 
within 30 calendar days of the original publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant 
EUA Contract as so corrected.  Corrections published after the day which is three EUA Contract Business 
Days prior to a due date for payment under the Notes will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for 
the purposes of determining the relevant amount. 
6. 
Rolling Futures Contract Notes 
If the Applicable Transaction Terms specify that the Notes are "Rolling Futures Contract Notes", the 
EUA Contract Reference Price in respect of the Notes will be valued by reference to rolling futures 
contracts each of which have delivery months that do not correspond with the term of the Notes.  In such 
case, on or prior to the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent will select the relevant Futures Contract and 
for each following day until the Futures Rollover Date such futures contract will be the Futures Contract 
for the purposes of the EUA Contract Reference Price.  On each Futures Rollover Date, the Calculation 
Agent will select another Futures Contract and such contract shall be the Futures Contract for the 
purposes of the EUA Contract Reference Price until the next occurring Futures Rollover Date.  If on a 
Futures Rollover Date a Market Disruption Event occurs and it is impossible or materially impracticable 
for the Calculation Agent to select a Futures Contract and/or at such time hedge the Issuer's obligations

--- Page 354 ---
- 354 - 
 
in respect of the Notes then the provisions of EUA Contract Linked Condition 4.2 (Consequences of a 
Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks) shall apply to the Notes.

--- Page 355 ---
- 355 - 
 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be completed to reflect the particular terms of the 
relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final 
Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers or sales of 
the Notes, or the Notes otherwise being made available, in [specify jurisdiction(s) for which a PRIIPs KID is being 
prepared] [during the period[s] [         ]-[         ] [repeat periods as necessary],] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers or sales of 
the Notes, or the Notes otherwise being made available, in the United Kingdom ("UK"), during the period[s] [ ]-
[ ] [repeat periods as necessary],] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the [United Kingdom 
("UK")][UK]. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently[, 
save as provided above], no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]/[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional 
clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; (ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]

--- Page 356 ---
- 356 - 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]/[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, 
professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); 
EITHER1 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR2 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for distribution of the 
Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales 
][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable]3.]] 
Final Terms dated [                              ] 
Santander International Products plc 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300EBI9IZCEJIF589 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by 
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. 
under the 
EUR 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so[: 
(i) 
in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 11 of Part B below, provided such 
person is a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus (as defined 
below) and that the offer is made during the Offer Period specified in that paragraph and that any 
conditions relevant to the use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
                                                     
1 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) 
2 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if 
advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes 
constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness. 
3 If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary

--- Page 357 ---
- 357 - 
 
(ii) 
otherwise]4, in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any 
other circumstances. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 27 July 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation  (the "Base Prospectus"). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. These 
Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. Prospective investors should note that investing in the Notes entails 
certain risks including (without limitation) the risk that the Issue Price may be greater than the market value of 
the Notes [and the risk that the Calculation Agent may exercise its discretion in such a way as to affect amounts 
due and payable under the Notes and/or their Maturity Date]. For a more detailed description of certain of the 
risks involved, see "Risk Factors" on pages 14 to 72 of the Base Prospectus. 
[A summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. (Delete in the case of an issue of Notes with minimum 
denomination equal to or greater than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)] The Base Prospectus 
[has][together with these Final Terms have] been published on the website[s] of The Irish Stock Exchange plc 
trading as Euronext Dublin ([www.live.euronext.com]) in an agreed electronic format.  
[N.B.: To be inserted if Notes are admitted to listing on the Taipei Exchange.][The Notes have not been and shall 
not be, offered, sold or re-sold, directly or indirectly, to investors other than professional institutional investors 
("Professional Institutional Investors") as defined under Paragraph 2, Article 4 of the Financial Consumer 
Protection Act of the Republic of China ("ROC"). Purchasers of the Notes are not permitted to sell or otherwise 
dispose of the notes except by transfer to a Professional Institutional Investor.] 
[N.B.: To be inserted if Notes are admitted to listing on the Taipei Exchange.][Application has [also] been made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to listing and trading on the Taipei Exchange in the 
Republic of China ("TPEx"). TPEx is not responsible for the content of the Base Prospectus, these Final Terms 
[and the amendment[s] and/or supplement[s] thereto] and no representation is made by TPEx to the accuracy or 
completeness of the Base Prospectus, these Final Terms [and the amendment[s] and/or supplement[s] thereto]. 
TPEx expressly disclaims any and all liability for any losses arising from, or as a result of the reliance on, all or 
part of the contents of the Base Prospectus, these Final terms [and the amendment[s] and/or supplement[s] thereto. 
Admission to listing and trading of the Notes on TPEx shall not be taken as an indication of the merits of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or the Notes.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus 
with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
[Offering Circular dated [29 July 2014 [as supplemented by a supplement dated 16 March 2015]][29 July 2013 
[as supplemented by [a] supplement[s] to the listing particulars dated [31 March 2014][and [23 December 
2013]][Base Prospectus dated [29 July 2015] [8 July 2016] [14 July 2017] [as supplemented by [a] supplement[s] 
dated [5 April 2017] [21 October 2015][and [22 December 2015]]][25 March 2013][24 February 2012][24 
February 2011][25 July 2018] [as supplemented by a supplement dated 27 November 2018][17 July 2019] [as 
supplemented by a supplement dated 5 March 2020] [28 July 2020]]. These Final Terms contain the applicable 
terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 27 July 2021 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation" [save in respect of the conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated 
[original date] [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] and are incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation.] 
                                                     
4  
Include this wording where a Non-Exempt Offer of Notes is anticipated.

--- Page 358 ---
- 358 - 
 
[A summary of the Notes  is annexed to these Final Terms. (Delete in the case of an issue of Notes with minimum 
denomination equal to or greater than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)] [The Base 
Prospectuses [and the supplemental Base Prospectuses] are available for viewing [at [website]] [and] during 
normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]].] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – Notice to be inserted if classification of the Notes is not "capital 
markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or 
Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]5  
[The following language applies if the Notes are intended to be “qualifying debt securities” (as defined in the 
Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore): 
Without prejudice to any other Singapore tax exemption which may be applicable to payments made by licensed 
banks in Singapore, where Notes are "qualifying debt securities" for the purposes of the Income Tax Act, Chapter 
134 of Singapore (the "ITA"): 
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived from any Notes 
by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operations in Singapore through a 
permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying debt securities (subject to 
certain conditions) under the ITA shall not apply if such person acquires such Notes using the funds and profits 
of such person’s operations through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person whose interest, discount 
income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost derived from the Notes is not exempt from tax 
(including for the reasons described above) shall include such income in a return of income made under the ITA.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to Base Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Santander International Products plc 
 
Guarantor: 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/ the 
date that is 40 days after the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 61 below, which 
is expected to occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
 
Applicable Annex(es): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Annex 1: Equity Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 2: Inflation Linked Conditions]  
[Annex 3: ETF Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 4: Fund Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 5: Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 6: Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Conditions]  
                                                     
5 Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the 
offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 359 ---
- 359 - 
 
 
[Annex 7: Payout Conditions [for the purposes of Payout 
Condition 6 only] 
 
[Annex 8: EUA Contract Linked Conditions]] 
 
Type of securities: 
[Notes]/[Certificates] 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] [Specify if Settlement Exchange Rate and 
Settlement Payment both apply: (the "SER Subject 
Currency") 
for 
the 
purpose 
of 
the 
Specified 
Denomination 
and 
calculations 
and 
[    ] 
(the 
"Settlement Currency") for the purpose of payments] 
[UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes: 
Applicable 
Initial UVR Index: 
[specify]] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount of Notes: 
 
 
[Series:] 
[         ] 
 
[Tranche:] 
[         ]] 
 
Issue Price: 
[         ]% of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date](in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)] [converted into the Settlement 
Currency at the Initial Settlement Exchange Rate, being 
[specify amount] in respect of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount and "Initial SER" means [specify]] 
[The Notes are Partly Paid Notes – see item 54 below] 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
 
[Note - where multiple denominations are being used and 
Notes are not being issued in registered form or 
dematerialised book-entry form, the following sample 
wording should be followed: [EUR 100,000] and integral 
multiples of [EUR 1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [EUR 199,000]. No Notes in definitive form 
will be issued with a denomination above [EUR 
199,000]. 
 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary 
Global Note or a Permanent Global Note and the relevant 
clearing systems so permit, the Notes will be tradable 
only in the minimum authorised denomination of 
[EUR 100,000] and higher integral multiples of [EUR 
1,000], notwithstanding that no definitive Notes will be 
issued with a denomination above [EUR 199,000].] 
 
Calculation 
Amount 
[and 
Outstanding Principal Amount 
in respect of Partly Paid Notes]: 
[the Specified Denomination][Insert in the case of 
Instalment Notes: (the "Original Calculation Amount") 
minus, for the purposes of any calculation by reference 
to the Calculation Amount on any day, the sum of the 
Instalment Amounts paid prior to the relevant day [save 
for the purposes of calculation of any [Interest 
Amount][Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption 
Amount][Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount][Optional Redemption Amount][Entitlement 
Amount] [[payable][deliverable] on [specify]] for which

--- Page 360 ---
- 360 - 
 
purposes the Original Calculation Amount will continue 
to apply]]. 
 
[If there are several Specified Denominations, insert the 
highest 
common 
factor 
of 
those 
Specified 
Denominations. (Note: There must be a common factor 
of two or more Specified Denominations).] 
 
[Insert in respect of Partly Paid Notes: 
The Calculation Amount in respect of the Notes is [ ]. 
The Outstanding Principal Amount in respect of the 
Calculation Amount as of each Part Payment Date 
(subject as provided in the Conditions) is as specified 
below: 
 
 
Part 
Payment 
Date 
[falling on or about] 
Outstanding 
Principal 
Amount 
 
[specify] 
[specify] 
 
[specify] 
[specify] 
 
(Repeat as necessary)] 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Insert relevant date/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
[An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for 
certain Notes, for example, Zero Coupon Notes] 
 
[Record Date (in the case of 
Notes admitted to trading on 
SeDeX Market or EuroTLX 
only): 
[specify]]  
 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date (including any relevant Business Day 
Convention) or (for Floating Rate Notes, CMS-Linked 
Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes, ETF 
Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Linked Notes or EUA Contract Linked Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year][or such later date for 
redemption determined as provided in the [[Fund Linked 
Conditions][Credit 
Linked 
Conditions][Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rates Linked Conditions][or, in all 
circumstances if applicable, such later date for payment 
determined as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Payout Condition 6.] 
 
[For Credit Linked Notes, if applicable insert: [         ] 
(the "Scheduled Maturity Date"), subject to the 
provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions and these 
Final Terms] 
 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the Issue 
Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom, or (b) the activity of

--- Page 361 ---
- 361 - 
 
issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, (i) the 
Notes must have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be 
sold only to "professional investors" or (ii) another 
applicable exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must 
be available.] 
 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the Issue 
Date the Notes must comply with the Central Bank's 
notice of exemptions granted under section 8(2) of the 
Central Bank Act, 1971 as amended (BSD C01/02) and, 
inter alia, have a minimum Specified Denomination of 
Euro 125,000. In addition such Notes must bear the 
following legend: 
 
"An investment in the Notes does not have the status of a 
bank deposit and does not have the protection of the 
deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank 
of Ireland. The Issuer is not regulated by the Central 
Bank of Ireland by virtue of the issue of the Notes."] 
 
(NB: For certain Renminbi and Hong Kong dollar 
denominated Fixed Rate Notes in respect of which the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification, 
Modified Following Business Day Convention shall 
apply) 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ]% Fixed Rate] 
 
[[Specify reference rate]+/- [         ]% Floating Rate] 
 
[CMS-Linked: [specify reference rate] +/- [         ]%] 
 
[Equity Linked: please see the section headed 
"Provisions Applicable to Equity Linked Notes" below 
for more details] 
 
[Inflation Linked: please see "Provisions Applicable to 
Inflation Linked Notes" below for more details] 
 
[ETF Linked: please see Provisions Applicable to ETF 
Linked Notes below for more details] 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked: please see "Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes" below 
for more details] 
 
[Fund Linked: please see "Provisions Applicable to Fund 
Linked Notes" below for more details] 
 
[Credit Linked: please see "Provisions Relating to Credit 
Linked Notes" below for more details] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked: please see 
"Provisions Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Notes" below for more details]] 
 
[EUA Contract Linked: please see 
"Provisions 
Applicable to EUA Contract Linked Notes" below for 
more details]

--- Page 362 ---
- 362 - 
 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by reference 
to the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[and each Interest Amount will be multiplied by the FX 
Factor as provided below] 
 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
items 
19 
and 
[20/21/22/23/24/25/26/27/28/29] below) 
 
[The Notes do not bear or pay any interest] 
 
Redemption/Payment basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[See item 32 below] 
 
[Dual Currency] 
 
[Partly Paid] 
 
[Instalment] 
 
[Equity Linked: please see the section headed 
"Provisions Applicable to Equity Linked Notes" below 
for more details] 
 
[Inflation Linked: please see paragraph "Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes" below 
for more details] 
 
[ETF 
Linked: 
please 
see 
paragraph 
Provisions 
Applicable to ETF Linked Notes below for more details] 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked: please see "Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes" below 
for more details] 
 
[Fund Linked: please see "Provisions Applicable to Fund 
Linked Notes" below for more details] 
 
[Credit Linked: please see paragraph "Provisions 
Relating to Credit Linked Notes" at item 47 below and 
the Credit Linked Conditions for more details] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked: please see 
Provisions Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Notes below for more details] 
 
[EUA Contract Linked: please see 
"Provisions 
Applicable to EUA Contract Linked Notes" below for 
more details]  
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by reference 
to the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate] 
 
[provided that each redemption amount will be 
multiplied by the relevant FX Factor as provided below] 
 
Reference Item(s): 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply [for [Interest][and][Automatic

--- Page 363 ---
- 363 - 
 
Early Redemption][and][Redemption] determination 
purposes:][Not Applicable] 
 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])]  
 
(Repeat if necessary) 
 
[and] 
 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 
[specify] to [k] = [specify])] will apply [for [Redemption] 
determination purposes]: 
 
[For 
[k]=[specify]][specify][insert 
description][(see 
paragraph [specify])]  
 
(Repeat if necessary) 
 
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Specify the date when any 
change to the Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment 
Basis occurs with reference to paragraphs 20 and 21 
below] 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Investor Put] 
 
[(further particulars specified in item 31 below)] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified in item 30 below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable [and Settlement Currency 
Payment [applies/does not apply]]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Settlement Exchange Rate: 
[Specify rate] [As per Payout Condition 6] 
 
(if a rate is specified then delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph). 
 
SER Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] [or, if applicable,] [[specify] SER Scheduled 
Trading Days prior to the [relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call)] [scheduled] [specify each payment date]] 
 
(where different SER Valuation Dates apply to different 
payment dates, specify in respect of each applicable 
payment date) 
 
Provisions 
applicable 
to 
determining 
the 
Settlement 
Exchange Rate: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Exchange 
Rate in Payout Condition 6: 
 
[SER Base Currency: [specify]] 
 
SER Price Source: [specify]

--- Page 364 ---
- 364 - 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [specify] 
 
SER Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
SER Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: 
[specify] 
 
SER Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality, where: 
 
SER Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3]%  
 
SER Primary Rate: [specify][The rate determined as set 
out in the definition of Settlement Exchange Rate] 
 
SER Secondary Rate: [specify][SER First Fallback 
Reference Price [and]][SER Second Fallback Reference 
Price]] 
 
SER Disruption Fallbacks (for 
Price Source Disruption and 
Price Materiality only): 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
SER First Fallback Price Source: [specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
SER Second Fallback Price Source: [specify] 
 
SER Second Fallback Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
SER Second Fallback Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
 
SER Number of Postponement Settlement 
Days: [[Two][specify]] [Business Days][SER 
Settlement Days] [specify] 
 
SER Maximum Days of Postponement: 
[specify]

--- Page 365 ---
- 365 - 
 
 
(specify fallbacks required and arrange order in which 
to be applied) 
 
SER Cumulative Events: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable and SER Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
 
SER Number of Settlement 
Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where SER Settlement Day 
Centre(s) means [specify]] 
 
SER 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) [Change in 
Law] [Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost of Hedging] 
(Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging 
should not be specified for Notes admitted to trading on 
SeDeX Market or EuroTLX) 
 
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior Preferred 
 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance 
of 
Notes 
[and 
Guarantee] 
[respectively] 
obtained: 
[         ] [and [         ], respectively] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of the 
Notes or related Guarantee) 
 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable: Knock-in 
Value is 
[(i)][greater than][greater than or equal to][less than][less 
than or equal to] the Knock-in[Level][Price][within the 
Knock-in Range] (Only applicable if a payment to be 
made in respect of the Notes is subject to a condition 
precedent that a Knock-in Event has occurred. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
 
Knock-in Value:  
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.2] 
 
Knock-in Level/Knock-in Price: 
[specify value or percentage] 
 
Knock-in Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of 
values, percentages, level, or prices etc] to and 
[including][excluding] 
[specify 
range 
of 
values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc] [Not Applicable]  
 
Knock-in Determination Day(s): 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period][Not Applicable]  
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
Knock-in Determination Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Applicable][specify][Not Applicable]

--- Page 366 ---
- 366 - 
 
 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in Period Ending Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a 
Knock-in Determination Day][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable: The Knock-out Value is 
[(i)][greater than][greater than or equal to][less than][less 
than or equal to] the Knock-out [Level][Price] [within 
the Knock-out Range] 
 
(Only applicable if a payment to be made in respect of 
the Notes is subject to a condition precedent that a 
Knock-out Event has occurred. If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
 
Knock-out Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.2] 
 
Knock-out 
Level/Knock-out 
Price: 
[specify value or percentage] 
 
Knock-out Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of 
values, percentages, level, or prices etc] to and 
[including][excluding] 
[specify 
range 
of 
values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc] [Not Applicable]  
 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[[From and including][From and excluding][To and 
including][To but excluding][specify]] 
 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-out 
Determination Period][Not Applicable] 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Beginning 
Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Beginning 
Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Ending Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 367 ---
- 367 - 
 
 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a 
Knock-out Determination Day][Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable specify: provided that each Interest 
Amount determined in accordance with the Conditions 
(prior to any rounding) will be multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor and the resulting amount then rounded as 
provided in the Conditions, where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 7 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] [in each year] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]]/[not adjusted] [or 
such later date for payment determined as provided in the 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out in 
Condition [6] of the Payout Conditions]] 
(NB: For certain Renminbi and Hong Kong dollar 
denominated Fixed Rate Notes in respect of which the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification, 
Modified Following Business Day Convention should 
apply) 
 
Margin(s): 
[+ [specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If a Margin applies for each Interest Period, the Margin 
shall be specified separately for each Interest Period) 
 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If a Minimum Interest Rate applies for each Interest 
Period, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period) 
 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If a Maximum Interest Rate applies for each Interest 
Period, the Maximum Interest Rate shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period.) 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual(ISDA)]/[Actual
/365(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360 
or 
Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360(ISDA)] [Not Applicable] 
(NB: For Renminbi and Hong Kong dollar denominated 
Fixed Rate Notes, Actual/365 (Fixed) should apply) 
 
Rate of Interest: 
[In respect of [the/each] Interest Payment Date [(from 
[specify] to [specify])][ falling [on [or about]][during the 
period from and including] [specify] [to and including 
[specify]] only]][Not Applicable]]the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent [in

--- Page 368 ---
- 368 - 
 
accordance with the following [formula(e)]][as the sum 
of the following [items [specify] to [specify] (each 
inclusive) below]][Insert letters or numbering here and 
next to each payout if this adds clarity (eg (a), (b). . .)]:]   
 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
(The above formulation may be repeated as necessary) 
 
(In respect of the following, insert formula, relevant 
value(s) and other related definitions from Payout 
Condition 2.1 and relevant definitions from Payout 
Condition 5) 
 
[Rate of Interest (i)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (ii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (iii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (iv)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (v)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (vi)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (vii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (viii) – Range Accrual] 
 
[Rate of Interest (ix) – Digital One Barrier] 
 
[Rate of Interest (x) – Podium] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xi) – Memory Coupon] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xii) – Counter] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xiii) – Variable Counter] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xiv) – Call with Individual Caps] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xv) – Cappuccino] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xvi) – Fixed Best] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xvii) – Cliquet] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xviii) – Cliquet Digital] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xix) – Cliquet Digital Lock in] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xx) – Digital Coupon One Condition] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxi) – Digital Coupon Two Conditions] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxii) – TARN] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxiii) – Ratchet] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxiv) – Booster] 
[Rate of Interest (xxv)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxvi) – Call Option Interest Rate] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxvii) – Put Option Interest Rate] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxviii) – Lock in] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxix) – Himalaya] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxx)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxi) – Switchable] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxii) – CMS1010] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxiii) – Digital Barrier] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxiv) – Alternate Currency] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxv) – Growth and Income] 
 
(If the Rate of Interest is calculated by reference to 
Reference Items, Valuation Dates, Observation Dates 
etc. or is otherwise calculated differently in respect of 
each Interest Payment Date, above options may be 
repeated and numerical suffixes may be used to clarify 
which Reference Item, Rate of Interest, Valuation Date, 
Observation Date etc. applies in respect of the 
corresponding Interest Payment Date)

--- Page 369 ---
- 369 - 
 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined repeat 
items (i) to (iii) of this paragraph for each such rate and, 
if Digital Coupon One Condition or Digital Coupon Two 
Conditions apply distinguish between the Rate which is 
Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B and the Rate which is 
Rate C if applicable) 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[         ]% 
[per 
annum] 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
(NB: For certain Renminbi and Hong Kong dollar 
denominated Fixed Rate Notes in respect of which the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification, the 
following wording is appropriate: “Interest shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, and multiplying such sum by the 
actual number of days in the accrual period divided by 
365 and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
[HK$0.01, 
HK$0.005/CNY0.01, 
CNY0.005] 
being 
rounded upwards".) 
[Specify Fixed Coupon Amount for Partly Paid Notes, 
taking into account the Outstanding Principal Amount 
from time to time] 
 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation 
to Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]] [Not Applicable] 
[Specify any Broken Amount(s) for Partly Paid Notes, 
taking into account the Outstanding Principal Amount 
from time to time] 
 
Floating Rate and CMS Linked Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for purposes only of 
determining the "Rate" element of the Rate of Interest 
specified in item [19(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest 
(viii) - Range Accrual" applies under item 19(vi))] 
 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined, repeat 
items (i) to (xiii) as applicable for each such rate and, if 
Digital Coupon One Condition or Digital Coupon two 
Conditions apply distinguish between the Rate which is 
Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B and the Rate which is 
Rate C if applicable) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Specified Period: 
[         ] 
 
(Specified Period and specified Interest Payment Dates 
are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than 
specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be relevant if 
the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention,

--- Page 370 ---
- 370 - 
 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention. 
Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
 
[First Interest Payment Date:] 
[         ] 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable] (Business Day Convention only needs to be 
specified here if Specified Periods are specified) 
 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
 
Margin Plus Rate: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Percentage Multiplied 
by Rate:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
Difference in Rates: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
Screen Rate Determination of 
Rate[1]: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[          ] month] 
[LIBOR/ EURIBOR Compounded Daily SONIA / 
Compounded Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily €STR / 
HIBOR / CNH HIBOR][specify] [Insert in the case of 
Compounded Daily SONIA except where Index 
Determintion applies: For this purpose Relevant Screen 
Page means [specify]] 
 
Observation Method 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index 
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded Daily 
€STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable) 
 
Observation 
Look-
Back Period: 
[Not Applicable]/ [] [London Banking Days] / [U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days][TARGET2 
Business Days] 
(Specify for Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded 
Daily SOFR, except where Index Determination is 
applicable, or for Compounded Daily €STR. Otherwise 
specify Not Applicable. N.B. must be at least two such 
relevant days to allow clearing system payments) 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Include if applicable for Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR)

--- Page 371 ---
- 371 - 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for GBP LIBOR: First London Banking Day of 
each Interest Period]  
[Insert for USD LIBOR: Second London Banking Day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
[Insert for Euro LIBOR or EURIBOR: Second 
TARGET2 System Business Day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period]  
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA–non Index 
Determination: Second London Banking Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and Relevant Number means [insert 
number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR–non Index 
Determination: Second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and Relevant Number 
means [insert number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily €STR: Second TARGET2 
System Business Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date] 
[Insert for Hong Kong dollar HIBOR: First day of each 
Interest Period] 
[Insert for CNH HIBOR: the second Hong Kong business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Reuters LIBOR 01/ EURIBOR 01] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[specify][ 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time][11.15 
a.m. Hong Kong time, in the case of a determination of 
HIBOR or CNH HIBOR] 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means the region 
comprised of the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro)][specify] 
 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify][None] 
 
ISDA Determination of Rate[1]: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ]

--- Page 372 ---
- 372 - 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[         ][in the case of CMS linked payout specify if 
applicable in relation to each relevant valuation or 
determination date] 
 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify][None] 
 
Screen Rate Determination of 
Rate 2: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(in relation to Difference in 
Rates or CMS-linked payout 
only) 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[          ] month] 
[LIBOR/ EURIBOR Compounded Daily SONIA / 
Compounded Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily €STR / 
HIBOR / CNH HIBOR][specify] [Insert in the case of 
Compounded Daily SONIA except where Index 
Determintion applies: For this purpose Relevant Screen 
Page means [specify]] 
 
Observation Method 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index 
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded Daily 
€STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable) 
 
Observation 
Look-
Back Period: 
[Not Applicable]/ [] [London Banking Days] / [U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days][TARGET2 
Business Days] 
(Specify for Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded 
Daily SOFR, except where Index Determination is 
applicable, or for Compounded Daily €STR. Otherwise 
specify Not Applicable. N.B. must be at least two such 
relevant days to allow clearing system payments) 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Include if applicable for Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR) 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for GBP LIBOR: First London Banking Day of 
each Interest Period]  
[Insert for USD LIBOR: Second London Banking Day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
[Insert for Euro LIBOR or EURIBOR: Second 
TARGET2 System Business Day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period]

--- Page 373 ---
- 373 - 
 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA–non Index 
Determination: Second London Banking Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and Relevant Number means [insert 
number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR–non Index 
Determination: Second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and Relevant Number 
means [insert number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily €STR: Second TARGET2 
System Business Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date] 
[Insert for Hong Kong dollar HIBOR: First day of each 
Interest Period] 
[Insert for CNH HIBOR: the second Hong Kong business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Reuters LIBOR 01/ EURIBOR 01] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time][11.15 a.m. Hong 
Kong time, in the case of a determination of HIBOR or 
CNH HIBOR][specify] 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means the region 
comprised of the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro][specify] 
 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify][None] 
 
ISDA Determination of Rate 2: 
 
(in relation to Difference in 
Rates or CMS-linked payout 
only) 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[         ][in the case of CMS linked payout specify if 
applicable in relation to each relevant valuation or 
determination date]

--- Page 374 ---
- 374 - 
 
 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify][None] 
 
Specified Percentage: 
[[         ]%] [Not Applicable] 
 
Equity 
Linked 
Note 
interest 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to "Provisions Applicable to 
Equity Linked Notes" below, for more information] [Not 
Applicable] [Delete as applicable] 
 
Inflation 
Linked 
Note 
interest 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to "Provisions Applicable to 
Reference Item Rate Linked Notes", below, for more 
information] [Not Applicable] [Delete as applicable] 
 
ETF Linked Note interest provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions 
Applicable to ETF Linked Notes" below for more 
information] [Not Applicable] [Delete as applicable] 
 
Fund 
Linked 
Note 
interest 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions 
Applicable to Fund Linked Notes" below for more 
information] [Not Applicable] [Delete as applicable] 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Note interest provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions 
Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes" below for more information] [Not Applicable] 
[Delete as applicable] 
 
EUA Contract Linked Note interest 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions 
Aplpicable to EUA Contract Linked Notes" below for 
more information] [Not Applicable] [Delete as 
applicable] 
 
Reference Item Rate Linked Note 
interest provisions 
[Applicable – please refer to the section "Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes" below, 
for more information][Not Applicable] [Delete as 
applicable] 
 
Zero Coupon Note provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ]% per annum 
 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
the Amortised Face Amount: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][provided the Issuer may 
only exercise the Call Option if the Optional Redemption 
Condition is satisifed] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[         ][or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set 
out in Payout Condition 6][the [insert] Business Day

--- Page 375 ---
- 375 - 
 
following [the day on which notice of the Issuer 
exercising the Call Option is given to Noteholders] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 5 and 
7 and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions including, if applicable, Optional 
Redemption Condition] 
 
(NB: In the case of Call Option Rate Notes, the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) (Call) must be Interest Payment 
Dates (other than the first and final Interest Payment 
Dates)) 
 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount][Final Payout as 
specified in paragraph 33 below] 
 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
Notice period: 
[         ][[] Business Days (the "Minimum Early 
Redemption Notice Period") (NB: to be included for 
Call Option Rate Notes – may not be less than five 
Business Days.) 
 
Put Option: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[         ][or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set 
out in Payout Condition 6] (NB: In the case of Put Option 
Rate Notes, the Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put) must 
be Interest Payment Dates (other than the first and final 
Interest Payment Dates)) 
 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other than a 
specified amount per Calculation Amount, the Notes will 
need to be Exempt Notes) 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 7 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions

--- Page 376 ---
- 376 - 
 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions] 
 
Notice period: 
[         ][[] Business Days (the "Minimum Early 
Redemption Notice Period") (NB: to be included for 
Put Option Rate Notes – may not be less than ten 
Business Days)  
 
 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[Calculation Amount * [specify]%] [Outstanding 
Principal Amount immediately prior to the Maturity 
Date] [Calculation Amount * Final Payout] [Final 
Payout] [, subject to [specify]]/See Equity Linked 
redemption provisions below/See Inflation Linked Note 
redemption provisions below/See ETF Linked Note 
redemption provisions below/See Reference Item Rate 
Linked Note redemption provisions below/See Credit 
Linked Note redemption provisions below/See Fund 
Linked redemption provisions below/See Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked redemption provisions 
below/See EUA Contract Linked Note redemption 
provisions] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 7 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions] 
 
Final Payout: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(In respect of the following, insert formula from Payout 
Condition 2.2 and relevant definitions from Payout 
Condition 5) 
 
[The sum of the following [items [specify] to [specify] 
(each inclusive) below]:] [Insert letters or numbering 
here and next to each payout if this adds clarity (eg (a), 
(b). . .)] 
 
 
[Redemption (i)] 
 
[Redemption (ii)] 
 
[Redemption (iii)] 
 
[Redemption (iv)] 
 
[Redemption (v)] 
 
[Redemption (vi)] 
 
[Redemption (vii) – Booster] 
 
[Redemption (viii) – Digital] 
 
[Redemption (ix) – Digital with Knock-in] 
 
[Redemption (x) – Podium] 
 
[Redemption (xi) – Reverse Knock-in Standard] 
 
[Redemption (xii) – Reverse Knock-in]  
 
[Redemption (xiii) – Knock-in Standard] 
 
[Redemption (xiv) – Twin Win] 
 
[Redemption (xv) – Himalaya]

--- Page 377 ---
- 377 - 
 
 
[Redemption (xvi) – Memory] 
 
[Redemption (xvii) – Lock in] 
 
[Redemption (xviii)] 
 
[Redemption (xix) – Switchable] 
 
[Redemption (xx) – Alternate Currency] 
 
[Redemption (xxi) – Leveraged FX] 
 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If applicable, specify one of the following) 
 
[ST Automatic Early Redemption][Target Automatic 
Early Redemption] (always insert 'Target Automatic 
Early Redemption Event' if Target Coupon Automatic 
Early Redemption applies) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[AER Value Automatic Early Redemption Event – 
Applicable 
AER Value is: [greater than][greater than or equal 
to][less than][less than or equal to] the Automatic Early 
Redemption [Level][Price]] 
 
[Target Coupon Automatic Early Redemption Event – 
Applicable] 
 
AER Value:  
[insert relevant value definition and where applicable 
relevant definitions from Payout Condition 5.1 and 5.2] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout: 
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(Insert relevant formula (and related definitions) from 
Payout Condition 3) 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 7 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions) 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Level/Price: 
[[specify] [%][of RI Initial Value]][Not Applicable] 
 
[AER 
Percentage][Target 
Coupon Percentage]: 
[specify] [%][Not Applicable] 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set 
out in Payout Condition 6]

--- Page 378 ---
- 378 - 
 
 
AER Additional Rate: 
[AER Rate][Insert relevant provisions from Payout 
Condition 5.1][Not Applicable] 
 
[AER Rate DCF][Insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
 
[AER Rate MT][Insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant Valuation Date][during the Observation 
Period]][Not Applicable] 
 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] for the purposes of 
Automatic Early Redemption. [The Averaging Dates are 
[specify].] [See paragraph [    ] above] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply] 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: [specify][five] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
five)] 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons: 
[[         ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
(specify 
the 
amount)/Market Value less Associated Costs] [Partly 
Paid Early Redemption Amount] [Amortised Face 
Amount] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 7 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions) 
Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on an event of default: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify the amount, 
which may, where appropriate, be an amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to the fair market value of 
each Note less applicable costs [including the cost, if 
any, for unwinding hedging arrangements]] 
 
[Partly Paid Early Redemption Amount][Amortised Face 
Amount] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to

--- Page 379 ---
- 379 - 
 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 7 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions) 
Termination Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on an occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event: 
[See paragraph 48(xxx)][Not Applicable] 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
per 
Calculation Amount payable following an 
early redemption in all other cases 
pursuant to the Conditions:  
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/Market Value less 
Associated Costs][Not Applicable][Amortised Face 
Amount] 
 
[Partly Paid Early Redemption Amount] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 7 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions) 
Fair Market Value Interest Element: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (Specify as required in 
respect of each relevant early redemption. Note, this 
should be specified as Applicable where accrued interest 
will not always be known on an early redemption: for 
example when using SONIA, SOFR or €STR or for other 
Notes where interest is determined only shortly before an 
Interest Payment Date.) 
 
Equity Linked Note redemption 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section headed 
"Provisions Applicable to Equity Linked Notes" below 
for more information][Not Applicable] [Delete as 
applicable] 
 
ETF 
Linked 
Note 
redemption 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section headed 
"Provisions Applicable to ETF Linked Notes" below for 
more 
information][Not 
Applicable] 
[Delete 
as 
applicable] 
 
Inflation Linked Note redemption 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section headed 
"Provisions Applicable to Inflation Linked Notes" below 
for more information][Not Applicable][Delete as 
applicable] 
 
Credit 
Linked 
Note 
redemption 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section headed 
"Provisions Relating to Credit Linked Notes" below for 
more 
information][Not 
Applicable][Delete 
as 
applicable] 
 
Fund 
Linked 
Note 
redemption 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions 
Applicable to Fund Linked Notes" below for more 
information][Not Applicable][Delete as applicable]

--- Page 380 ---
- 380 - 
 
 
EUA 
Contract 
Linked 
Note 
Redemption Provisions:  
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions 
Applicable to EUA Contract Linked Notes" below for 
more 
information][Not 
Applicable][Delete 
as 
applicable] 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Note redemption provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions 
Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes" 
below 
for 
more 
information][Not 
Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
 
Reference Item Rate Linked Note 
redemption provisions 
[Applicable – please refer to the section "Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes" below, 
for more information][Not Applicable][Delete as 
applicable] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
Equity Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][for the purposes of 
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
19(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (viii) – Range 
Accrual" applies under item 19(vi)) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
The provisions of Annex 1 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Equity Linked 
Notes) shall apply 
 
Type of Notes: 
[Single Share Linked Notes][Single Share Index Linked 
Notes][Share Basket Linked Notes][Share Index Basket 
Linked Notes][Delete as applicable] 
 
Share(s)/Share 
Basket/Single 
Share Index/Share Index Basket: 
[specify (i) names of each issuer of the Share(s), (ii) class 
of each Share, (iii) ISIN or other security identification 
code for each Share/Share Index for Single Share Index 
Linked Notes or each of the Share Indices for Share 
Index Basket Linked Notes (specifying where applicable 
if any such index is a Dividend Index)] [Reference 
Item[s][k]]  
 
Share Index Sponsor(s): 
[Insert name(s) of Share Index Sponsor(s)/Share 
Dividend Index Sponsor(s)][Not Applicable] 
 
(in relation to Single Share Index Linked Notes and 
Share Index Basket Linked Notes only) 
 
Exchange(s): 
[specify][As per the Conditions] 
 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges] 
 
Exchange 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Modified 
Following Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not Applicable][Specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
 
Averaging: 
Averaging 
[(Per 
[Share/Index])][applies][does 
not 
apply] to the Notes [in respect of each [specify relevant 
Valuation Date].] [insert and repeat sentence if

--- Page 381 ---
- 381 - 
 
applicable]. [The Averaging Dates are [specify] [See 
paragraph [    ] above] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable]  
 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Not Applicable][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time 
[on the relevant Coupon Valuation Date][during the 
Observation Period]] [[specify], being the time specified 
on the relevant [Coupon Valuation Date] or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the calculation 
of the [Interest Amount]]  
 
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation Time will 
be the Scheduled Closing Time) 
 
Redemption Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Redemption Valuation Time: 
[Not Applicable][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time 
[on the relevant Redemption Valuation Date][during the 
Observation Period]] [[specify], being the time specified 
on the relevant [Redemption Valuation Date] or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the calculation 
of the [Redemption Amount]] 
 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
[Valuation Date and] Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[The definition of "Valuation Date" in Condition 21 will 
apply, for which purpose the] [Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption will be equal to [specify]][As per the 
Conditions][Not Applicable] 
 
Exchange Rate: 
[specify] 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
ETF Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] [for the purposes of 
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
19(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (viii) - Range 
Accrual" applies under item 19(vi)), 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[ETF(s)]/[ETF Basket]: 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] [Insert table]

--- Page 382 ---
- 382 - 
 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
[Weighting: [[Not Applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the ETF Linked Conditions]] 
 
ETF Share Currency: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
 
ISIN of ETF Share(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
 
Exchange(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] 
 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days 
in the period if applicable][See table [above][below]] 
 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [(Per ETF)] [applies] to the 
Notes] in respect of each [specify relevant Valuation 
Date] [insert and repeat sentence if applicable]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above][below]] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a [Disrupted 
Day], 
[Omission] 
[Postponement] 
[Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Coupon Valuation Date]] [Redemption Valuation Date]] 
[during the Observation Period]] [[specify], being the 
time specified on the relevant [Coupon Valuation Date] 
[Redemption Valuation Date] or an Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, for the calculation of the [ETF Linked 
Interest Amount] [Redemption Amount] 
(If no time is specified, the Valuation Time will be the 
close of trading on the Exchange) 
 
[Observation Date(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply.] 
 
Observation Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All 
ETF 
Shares 
Basis)][(Per 
ETF 
Shares 
Basis)][(Single ETF Share Basis)] 
 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All ETF Share Basis)][(Per ETF Share Basis)][(Single 
ETF Share Basis)] 
 
ETF Share Correction Period: 
[specify]

--- Page 383 ---
- 383 - 
 
 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[Not applicable][specify][five][Scheduled Trading Days] 
 
Extraordinary ETF Events: 
[As set out in ETF Linked Condition 2(b)] [specify] 
[If the Notes are admitted to trading on SeDeX Market 
or EuroTLX, insert: 
Limb (xviii): Not Applicable] 
 
Additional Extraordinary ETF 
Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the ETF Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Extraordinary ETF Events apply to 
the Notes: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Hedging Disruption] (Hedging Disruption should not be 
specified for Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market 
or EuroTLX) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] (Increased Cost of Hedging 
should not be specified for Notes admitted to trading on 
SeDeX Market or EuroTLX) 
[Failure to deliver: Not applicable] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Insolvency Filing] 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
The provisions of Annex 2 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked 
Notes) shall apply 
 
(If more than one Inflation Interest Rate is to be 
determined, repeat items (i) to (vi) for each such Inflation 
Rate and, if Digital Coupon One Condition or Digital 
Coupon Two Conditions apply distinguish between the

--- Page 384 ---
- 384 - 
 
Rate which is Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B and the 
Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
 
Inflation Index: 
[         ] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
 
(Set out each Inflation Index level and insert "in respect 
of [specify date]" following each Inflation Index level) 
 
Inflation Index Sponsor: 
[         ] 
 
Related Bond: 
[Insert name and ISIN or other security identification 
code of Related Bond][Not Applicable][Fallback Bond] 
[Delete as applicable] 
 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not Applicable][Specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
 
Inflation 
Index 
Level 
Adjustment: 
(Annex 2, Section 1, paragraph 6 
of Terms and Conditions) 
[See details in Section 3 of Annex 2 to Terms and 
Conditions][Option (i) as specified in paragraph 6 of 
Section 1 of Annex 2 to the Terms and Conditions] 
[Option (ii) as specified in paragraph 6 of Section 1 of 
Annex 2 to the Terms and Conditions][Delete as 
applicable] 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Delete as applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
Credit Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
The provisions of Annex 5 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes) shall apply 
 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[       ] per Calculation Amount 
 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement/Cash Settlement/Physical Delivery] 
 
Calculation Agent City: 
[London][Madrid][specify other] 
 
Reference Entity: 
[Specify name] 
 
(N.B. By specifying "Standard Terms" as applicable to a 
Reference Entity, the relevant information set out in 
Credit Linked Condition 22 shall apply. Not all relevant 
information is given in the Standard Terms and so ensure 
the remaining sections of this item 47 are completed 
accordingly.) 
 
Standard Terms: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
If applicable, insert the following as applicable and 
specify any changes needed to reflect the latest ISDA

--- Page 385 ---
- 385 - 
 
Physical Settlement Matrix: The following Standard 
Terms 
apply: 
[Standard 
North 
American 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
Corporate/Standard 
Subordinated European Insurance Corporate/Standard 
Emerging European Corporate/Standard Emerging 
European Corporate LPN/Standard Australia Corporate 
& Standard New Zealand Corporate/Standard Japan 
Corporate/Standard Singapore Corporate/Standard Latin 
America Corporate B/Standard Latin America Corporate 
BL/Standard 
Asia 
Corporate/Standard 
Asia 
Sovereign/Standard Emerging European & Middle 
Eastern Sovereign/Standard Australia Sovereign & 
Standard New Zealand Sovereign/Standard Japan 
Sovereign/Standard Singapore Sovereign/Standard Latin 
America 
Sovereign/Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign] 
If Standard European Corporate, Standard Australia 
Corporate & Standard New Zealand Corporate, 
Standard 
Japan 
Corporate, 
Standard 
Singapore 
Corporate or Standard Asia Corporate Standard Terms 
apply, insert the following: Transaction Type: [Financial 
Transaction Type/Other] 
 
Reference Obligation[s]: 
[         ][Standard Reference Obligation] 
 
[If Standard Reference Obligation is specified, insert and 
complete as applicable: Seniority Level: [Senior 
Level][Subordinated Level]] 
[The obligation[s] identified as 
follows: 
 
Primary Obligor: 
[         ] 
Guarantor: 
[         ] 
Maturity: 
[         ] 
Coupon: 
[         ] 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[         ]] 
 
(N.B. repeat the above headings if there is more than one 
reference obligation) 
 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[Standard Terms] 
 
Credit Events: 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
[Grace Period Extension: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable insert: 
 
Grace Period: [30 calendar days][        ]]] 
 
[Obligation Default]

--- Page 386 ---
- 386 - 
 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
Provisions relating to Restructuring Credit 
Event: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
13: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: Credit Linked Condition 14: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Mod R: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Mod Mod R: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
 
[Standard Terms] 
Default Requirement: 
[       ] 
Payment Requirement: 
[       ] 
 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Public Source(s): [         ] 
 
Specified Number: [       ]] 
 
Obligation(s): 
 
(a) 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment] 
(select one only) 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
[Standard Terms] 
(b) 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
 
[Credit Linked Specified Currency: 
(select all of which 
apply) 
[Standard Specified Currencies]/[specify currency]] 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency

--- Page 387 ---
- 387 - 
 
 
Domestic Currency means: [specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Standard Terms] 
(c) 
Additional 
Obligation[s]: 
[         ][See 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
17][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify "Not Applicable unless the provisions 
relating to LPN Reference Entities apply) 
(d) 
Excluded 
Obligation[s]: 
[         ] 
 
Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Merger Event: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
11: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable insert: 
 
Merger Event Redemption Amount: [       ] 
 
Merger Event Redemption Date: [         ][Five (5) 
Business Days after the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Merger Event has occurred.]] 
 
Unwind Costs: 
[Standard Unwind Costs][specify other][Not Applicable] 
(insert Not Applicable in the case of Notes admitted to 
trading on SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX) 
 
Provisions relating to Monoline 
Insurer as Reference Entity: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
15: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable]  
 
Provisions relating to 
LPN 
Reference Entities: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
17: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Further 
terms 
relating 
to 
settlement: 
 
(a) 
Fallback Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash Settlement/Physical Delivery/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. This only applies where Auction Settlement is 
specified. Otherwise specify as "Not Applicable") 
(b) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following][Modified Following][Preceding] 
(c) 
Credit Event 
Redemption Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount][Credit Linked Condition 
12 (Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes) 
applies][Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Specify as "Not Applicable" if the Settlement 
Method is specified to be Physical Delivery)

--- Page 388 ---
- 388 - 
 
(d) 
Credit Event 
Redemption Date: 
[[         ] Business Days][Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify as "Not Applicable" if the Settlement 
Method is specified to be Physical Delivery) 
(e) 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable][Credit Linked Condition 12 (Definitions 
applicable to Credit Linked Notes) applies] 
 
[If "Applicable" and a Single Valuation Date applies, 
insert: Single Valuation Date: 
 
[         ] Business Days] 
 
[If "Applicable" and Multiple Valuation Dates applies, 
insert: Multiple Valuation Dates: 
 
[         ] Business Days and each [         ] Business Days 
thereafter 
 
Number of Valuation Dates: [         ]] 
 
(N.B. If Cash Settlement is specified as the Settlement 
Method or the Fallback Settlement Method specify 
"Applicable". If Physical Delivery is specified as the 
Settlement Method or the Fallback Settlement Method 
specify that Credit Linked Condition 12 applies) 
(f) 
Valuation Time: 
[         ][As per the definition in the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(g) 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid][Offer][Mid-market][See Credit Linked Condition 
9] 
 
(N.B. If Physical Delivery is specified as the Settlement 
Method or the Fallback Settlement Method specify "See 
Credit Linked Condition 9") 
(h) 
Quotation Amount: 
[         ][Representative Amount][See Credit Linked 
Condition 9] 
 
(N.B. If Physical Delivery is specified as the Settlement 
Method or the Fallback Settlement Method specify "See 
Credit Linked Condition 9") 
(i) 
Minimum Quotation 
Amount: 
[         ][As per the definition in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. If Physical Delivery is specified as the Settlement 
Method or the Fallback Settlement Method specify "Not 
Applicable") 
(j) 
Quotation Dealers: 
[         ][As selected by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(k) 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest][Exclude 
Accrued 
Interest][See Credit Linked Condition 12 (Definitions 
applicable to Credit Linked Notes)] 
(l) 
Valuation Method: 
[Market/Highest] 
 
[Average Market/Highest/Average Highest]

--- Page 389 ---
- 389 - 
 
 
[See Credit Linked Condition 9] 
 
(N.B. If Physical Delivery is specified as the Settlement 
Method or the Fallback Settlement Method specify "See 
Credit Linked Condition 9") 
(m) 
Deliverable 
Obligations: 
(N.B. Specifications relating to Deliverable Obligations 
are required even if the Notes are not subject to Physical 
Delivery) 
Deliverable Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment] 
(select one only) 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
[Standard Terms] 
Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
(select all of which 
apply) 
[Credit Linked Specified Currency: 
 
[specify currency][Standard Specified Currencies]] 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency 
 
Domestic Currency means: [specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
[Direct Loan Participation 
 
Qualifying Participation Seller: [insert details]] 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity: [         ]] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 390 ---
- 390 - 
 
 
[Standard Terms] 
Sovereign No Asset 
Package Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Standard Terms] 
(n) 
Excluded Deliverable 
Obligation[s]: 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
(o) 
Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. This is only relevant to the partial cash settlement 
provisions for Notes for which Physical Delivery is 
specified as the Settlement Method or the Fallback 
Settlement Method. For such Notes specify "Applicable" 
or "Not Applicable" (as required). For all other Notes 
specify "Not Applicable") 
(p) 
Physical Settlement 
Period: 
[[         ] Business Days][Not Applicable] 
 
[Standard Terms] 
 
(N.B. This will only apply to Notes for which Physical 
Delivery is specified as the Settlement Method or the 
Fallback Settlement Method) 
(q) 
Settlement Currency: 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
 
(r) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. This is a date by which Asset Transfer Notices are 
required for timely settlement and will only apply to 
Notes for which Physical Delivery is specified as the 
Settlement Method or the Fallback Settlement Method) 
 
Other Terms: 
 
(a) 
Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Standard Terms] 
(b) 
Financial Reference 
Entity Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Standard Terms] 
(c) 
Reference Obligation 
Only Termination 
Amount: 
[[            ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. To be specified for the purposes of Credit Linked 
Condition 19 for Reference Obligation Only Notes only) 
(d) 
Limited 
Recourse 
Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 391 ---
- 391 - 
 
 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit 
Event Provisions: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
23: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[Fallback Discounting: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
Fund Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][for the purposes of 
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
19(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (viii) – Range 
Accrual" applies under item 19(vi)) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
The provisions of Annex 4 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked 
Notes) shall apply 
 
Fund/Fund Basket(s): 
[specify][Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
 
[The [specify] Fund is a Mutual Fund] 
 
[The [specify] Fund is a Hedge Fund] 
 
[The [specify] Fund is a Private Equity Fund] 
 
[The [specify] Fund is an Exchange Traded Fund] 
 
Listing of the Fund: 
[      ] 
 
Authorisation of the Fund: 
[      ] 
 
Fund Shares: 
[specify] 
 
[Weighting: [Not Applicable] [The weighting to be 
applied to each Fund Share comprising the Fund Basket 
is [                ]] 
 
Exchange:  
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
Related Exchange:  
[specify][All Exchanges][Not Applicable] 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
Exchange Business Day:  
[All Fund Share Basis][Per Fund Share Basis][Single 
Fund Share Basis][Not Applicable] 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
Scheduled Trading Day:  
[All Fund Share Basis][Per Fund Share Basis][Single 
Fund Share Basis][Not Applicable]

--- Page 392 ---
- 392 - 
 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
Strike Date:  
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[specify strike period][Not Applicable][specify Strike 
Days in the period] 
 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the Notes [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify]] [see paragraph [    ] 
above] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply] 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: [specify][five]] 
 
(If not Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
five) 
 
Observation Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Date 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply 
 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Valuation Time (only applicable 
to ETFs): 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date][Redemption 
Valuation 
Date]][during the Observation Period]] [[specify], being 
the time specified on the relevant [Coupon Valuation 
Date][Redemption Valuation Date] or an Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, for the calculation of the [Fund 
Linked Interest Amount][Redemption Amount][As per 
the Conditions] 
 
(If no time is specified, the Valuation Time will be the 
close of trading on the Exchange) 
 
Fund Service Provider: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Conditions] 
 
Trade Date: 
[      ] 
 
Fund Documents: 
[specify][As per Fund Linked Conditions] 
 
Fund Business Day: 
[(All 
Fund 
Share 
Basis)][(Per 
Fund 
Share 
Basis)][(Single Fund Share Basis)] 
 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Conditions][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable]

--- Page 393 ---
- 393 - 
 
 
Hedging Date: 
[      ][Not Applicable] 
 
Calculation Date(s): 
[specify][As set out in per the Fund Linked Conditions] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
AUM Level: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[[  ]%][As per Fund Linked Conditions][Not Applicable] 
 NAV Trigger Period: 
[specify][As 
per 
Fund 
Linked 
Conditions][Not 
Applicable] 
 Number of NAV Publication 
Days: 
[specify][As 
per 
Fund 
Linked 
Conditions][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[specify][[As 
per 
Fund 
Linked 
Conditions][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Termination Amount: 
[Principal Protected Termination Amount][Non- 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount][Not 
Applicable][specify] 
 
Termination Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 Fee: 
[            ][Not Applicable]  
 Protected Amount: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 Simple Interest Spread: 
[As per Fund Linked Conditions][specify] 
 Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify][five] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
five. Only applicable to ETFs) 
 Extraordinary Fund Event: 
[In the case of a Private Equity Fund only, insert: [      ]] 
[If the Notes are admitted to trading on SeDeX Market 
or EuroTLX, insert: Hedging / Impracticality / Increased 
Costs Events: Not Applicable] 
 Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Fund Event:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 Additional Extraordinary Fund 
Event: 
[Not Applicable][      ]  
 
 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][for the purposes of 
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
19(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (viii) – Range 
Accrual" applies under item 19(vi)), 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 394 ---
- 394 - 
 
 
Base Currency: 
[specify][Not Applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] 
 
Subject Currency/Currencies:  
[specify][Not Applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] [and EM Foreign Exchange Rate Provisions 
apply to such Subject Currency] 
 
Additional Disruption Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) [Change in 
Law][Hedging Disruption][Increased Cost of Hedging] 
(Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging 
should not be specified for Notes admitted to trading on 
SeDeX Market or EuroTLX) 
 
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify]][see paragraph [   ] above] 
 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not Applicable][Specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions do not apply to a 
Settlement Currency: 
[Applicable [in respect of [specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a 
Basket]]][Not Applicable] 
 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Delayed 
Redemption 
on the Occurrence of a 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days of Disruption: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: [specify][five]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
five) 
(d) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Note Condition 6] 
(f) 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days] [specify]

--- Page 395 ---
- 395 - 
 
 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of [specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a 
Basket]]][Not Applicable] 
 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Provisions 
applicable 
to 
determining 
the 
Settlement Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Price in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 6 
[and [specify the relevant Subject Currency where more 
than one Subject Currency]: 
 
EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: [specify] 
[Relevant Screen Page:] [specify] 
(b) 
EM Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality, where: 
 
EM Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3]% 
 
EM 
Primary 
Rate: 
[specify][The 
rate 
determined as set out in the definition of 
Settlement Price] 
 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM First 
Fallback Reference Price [and]][EM Second 
Fallback Reference Price]] 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Events (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(c) 
EM 
Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
 
First Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify]

--- Page 396 ---
- 396 - 
 
 
First Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
 
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
Second Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
 
Second Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(d) 
EM Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[specify] 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(e) 
EM 
Cumulative 
Events: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable and EM Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(f) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where Settlement Day 
Centre(s) means [specify]] 
(g) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][EM Settlement Days] 
[specify] 
 
 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO EUA CONTRACT LINKED NOTES 
 
EUA Contract Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable][for the purposes of 
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
19(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (viii) – Range 
Accrual" applies under item 19(vi))] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
[The provisions of Annex 8 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for EUA Contract 
Linked Notes) shall apply.]

--- Page 397 ---
- 397 - 
 
 
EUA Contract/EUA 
Contracts/Basket of EUA 
Contracts: 
[specify EUA Contract/EUA Contracts][The [futures] 
contract specified in item (viii) below)] 
[Relevant Registry: [specify]] 
 
Pricing Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Initial Pricing Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Final Pricing Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Trade Date 
[      ] 
 
EUA Contract Reference Price: 
[specify] [For example:  
For any Pricing Date, that day's Specified Price on the 
[insert] of the EUA Contract][for the Delivery Date], 
[stated 
in 
[currency]][per][specify] 
quantity 
and 
commodity][, as made public by][specify] on that Pricing 
Date]  
 
The Price Source is/are []6  
 
EUA Contract Business Day 
[EUA Contract Linked Condition [1] applies][specify] 
 
Delivery Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
Nearby Month: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
Specified Price: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
Exchange: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
Valuation Time: 
[Continuous monitoring [specify other] and the relevant 
time on [insert relevant date(s)].]/[specify] 
 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify] [[] EUA Contract Business Days]7 /[As per 
Conditions] 
 
Weighting 
[The Weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Basket of EUA Contracts is [specify]]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
Rolling Futures Contract Notes: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[Dislocation Event: [Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
Dislocation Level: [specify]/[As per Conditions]] 
 
Futures Rollover [Date/Period]: 
[Not applicable]/[specify] 
 
 
                                                     
6 Delete if using automated EUA Contract Reference Prices. 
7 Only applicable in respect of EUA Contract Linked Notes linked to a single EUA Contract.

--- Page 398 ---
- 398 - 
 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO REFERENCE ITEM RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
Reference Item Rate Linked Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][for the purposes of 
[determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
19(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (viii) – Range 
Accrual" applies under item 19(vi))], [and][the 
Automatic Early Redemption provisions] 
 
[The [Floating][Fixed] Rate Note Provisions shall apply 
for the purposes of determining the Reference Item Rate 
on the basis of elections in this paragraph 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)  
 
(If more than one Reference Item Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language: "Reference 
Item Rate [specify] is as follows:" and repeat items (i) to 
(vi) below for each such Reference Item Rate) 
 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Item Rate: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(e.g: Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or 
euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if Sterling 
LIBOR or Hong Kong dollar HIBOR, the second day on 
which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR and the 
second Hong Kong business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if CNH HIBOR. Where the Rate of 
Interest is being used other than for a Floating Rate 
Note, ensure that this is not specified in respect of an 
Interest Period and the relevant Range Accrual Day may 
be specified where relevant for Range Accrual Notes.) 
(c) 
Relevant Time: 
[specify] 
 
(for example 11.00 a.m., London time/Brussels time, in 
the case of a determination of LIBOR or EURIBOR or 
11:15 a.m., Hong Kong time, in the case of a 
determination of HIBOR or CNH HIBOR) 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(e) 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[specify][For 
example, 
London/eurozone 
(where 
eurozone means the region comprised of the countries 
whose lawful currency is the euro)] 
 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 399 ---
- 399 - 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
(In the case of a HIBOR or CNH HIBOR based option, 
the first day of the Interest Period) 
 
[Reference Spread: 
[Reference Item Rate [1][2] minus Reference Item Rate 
[1][2]][Not Applicable] 
 
[See paragraph [    ][above][below] 
 
(If a Reference Spread applies for each Interest Period, 
the Reference Spread shall be specified separately for 
each Interest Period)] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[specify][See paragraph [specify][above][below][Not 
Applicable]  
 
Business Day: 
As used in this item and for the purpose of determining 
the Reference Item Rate only, "Business Day" means [a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in [specify] [A Target2 
Settlement Day][ [a "U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day", being any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for 
the entire day for the purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO PHYSICAL DELIVERY 
 
Provisions 
applicable 
to 
Physical 
Delivery: 
[Applicable][in 
accordance 
with 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions and paragraph 46 above][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable or the Notes are Credit Linked Notes, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Entitlement Amount: 
(Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
definitions from Payout Condition 4) 
 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[specify] 
 
Cut-off Date: 
[specify][As specified in Condition 7] 
 
Settlement Business Day(s): 
[specify] 
 
Delivery Agent: 
[specify] of [specify address]

--- Page 400 ---
- 400 - 
 
 
Assessed 
Value 
Payment 
Amount: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Failure 
to 
Deliver 
due 
to 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Variation of Settlement: 
The Issuer [has][does not have] the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Notes as set out in Condition 
7(j)(ii) 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO PARTLY PAID NOTES 
 
Partly Paid Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(Partly Paid Notes must be Fixed Rate Notes or 
Floating Rate Notes which are which are not 
Reference Item Linked Notes) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Part Payment Amounts and Part 
Payment Dates: 
Part Payment Amount 
Part Payment Date 
 
[specify] 
[Issue Date] 
 
[specify] 
[specify] 
 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
Notice period for notice to be given 
by the Issuer in respect of each Part 
Payment Date: 
[specify] [5] [Business Days'] notice 
 
Notice period for notice to be given 
by the Issuer in respect of any early 
redemption of the Notes following 
non-payment of any Part Payment 
Amount: 
[specify] [5] [Business Days'] notice 
 
Part Payment Early Redemption 
Date (if any): 
[specify] [5] [Business Days'] [following the relevant 
Part Payment Date] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
Form of Notes: 
[Book-Entry Notes: [Uncertificated, dematerialised 
book-entry form notes (anotaciones en cuenta) 
registered with Iberclear] [as managing entity of the 
Central Registry][other registry]][other] 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for definitive Bearer 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Bearer Notes in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Temporary Global Note]

--- Page 401 ---
- 401 - 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Bearer Notes in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note]] 
 
[Registered Notes: [Restricted [U.S.][International] 
Global Note Certificate registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC]][Unrestricted [U.S.][International] 
Global Note Certificate registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure (NSS))]] [Delete 
as applicable] 
 
Additional Business Centres: 
[Not Applicable][Insert Additional Business Centre] 
 
Additional 
Financial 
Centre 
for 
Condition 7(i): 
[Not Applicable][Insert Additional Financial Centre] 
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not Business Days) 
 
New Global Note Form: 
[Yes][No] (Note that Book-Entry Notes and Partly Paid 
Notes may not be issued in New Global Note form) 
 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to definitive Bearer Notes 
(and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, insert dates][Not Applicable] 
 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
amount of each instalment ("Instalment 
Amount"), date on which each payment 
is to be made ("Instalment Date"): 
[Not Applicable] ["Instalment Amount" means [insert 
amount] per Calculation Amount and "Instalment 
Date(s)" means [each of] [specify]. [For the avoidance of 
doubt, if any Instalment Date falls on or about the due 
date for the redemption of the Notes in full, the 
Instalment Amount will remain payable on the relevant 
Instalment Date.]] 
 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 13 
(Further Issues)] apply] 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[specify] [Banco Santander, S.A.] 
[If the Notes are admitted to trading on SeDeX Market 
or EuroTLX and, further to discussions with Borsa 
Italiana, if applicable, insert: [The Calculation Agent 
shall make any adjustments in accordance with the 
Conditions solely for the purpose of preserving the 
economic equivalent of the Issuer's obligations under the 
Notes]/[other]] 
 
Modifications: 
[In the case of Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX 
Market or EuroTLX, insert, if applicable: Resolution to 
reduce or cancel the Final Redemption Amount of the 
Notes: Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Renminbi Settlement Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Renminbi Currency Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 402 ---
- 402 - 
 
 
Relevant Event Currency: 
[USD]/[give details] [Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Currency Valuation 
Time: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. where the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Note provisions also apply then each of (i), (iii) and (iv) 
above should be not applicable.) 
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on [specify relevant 
market] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the EUR 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
of Santander International Products plc.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant 
third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 403 ---
- 403 - 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
 
By:  
____________________________ 
By: 
____________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
 
By: 
____________________________ 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 404 ---
- 404 - 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
LISTING 
 
Listing 
[The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin ("Euronext Dublin")] [The Spanish fixed 
income securities market, AIAF Mercado de Renta 
Fija ("AIAF") operated by Bolsas y Mercados 
Españoles Renta Fija, S.A.U.] [Euronext Lisbon] 
[Warsaw Stock Exchange] [The multilateral trading 
facility of securitised derivative financial instruments 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A (the 
"SeDeX Market")] [The multilateral trading facility 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A (the 
"Euro TLX")] [Not Applicable] 
 
Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) [to Euronext Dublin] for the Notes to be 
admitted to [the Official List and] trading on [its 
regulated market] [specify other regulated market in 
relevant passporting jurisdiction] /[          ]] with 
effect from [             ]]  
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) [to Euronext Dublin] for the Notes to be 
admitted to [the Official List and] trading on [its 
regulated market] [specify other regulated market in 
relevant passporting jurisdiction] /[             ]] with 
effect from [             ]] 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
AIAF with effect from [             ]] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on AIAF with effect from [             ]] 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Lisbon with effect from [        ]] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on Euronext Lisbon with effect from [     ]] 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of the Warsaw Stock Exchange] 
with effect from [       ]] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [the regulated market of the Warsaw Stock 
Exchange] with effect from []] 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[SeDeX Market] / [Euro TLX] with effect from [       ]]

--- Page 405 ---
- 405 - 
 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [SeDeX Market] / [Euro TLX] with effect from []] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[N.B.: To be inserted if Notes are listed on the Taipei 
Exchange: Application has [also] been made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to listing and trading on the Taipei Exchange in the 
Republic of China ("TPEx"). TPEx is not responsible 
for the content of these Final Terms, the Base 
Prospectus 
[and 
the 
amendment[s] 
and/or 
supplement[s] thereto] and no representation is made 
by TPEx to the accuracy or completeness of these 
Final Terms [and], the Base Prospectus [and the 
amendment[s] and/or supplement[s] thereto]. TPEx 
expressly disclaims any and all liability for any losses 
arising from, or as a result of the reliance on, all or 
part of the contents of these Final Terms [and] the 
Base Prospectus [and the amendment[s] and/or 
supplement[s] thereto]. Admission to listing and 
trading of the Notes on TPEx shall not be taken as an 
indication of the merits of the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
the Notes. No assurance can be given as to whether 
the Notes will be, or will remain, listed on TPEx. If 
the Notes fail to or cease to be listed on TPEx, certain 
investors may not invest in, or continue to hold or 
invest in, the Notes] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
[Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading 
[       ]] 
 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued have [not] been rated[: 
 
[          ] 
 
[          ] 
 
[          ] 
 
[Insert full name of legal entity that has given the 
rating] is established in the European Union and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority.] 
 
[Insert full name of legal entity that has given the 
rating] is established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended).] 
 
[Insert full name of legal entity that has given the 
rating] is a third country rating agency that is 
endorsed by an [EU registered] [European Union]

--- Page 406 ---
- 406 - 
 
registered] agency and [has/has not] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) but is certified in accordance with such 
regulation.] 
 
[Insert full name of legal entity that has given the 
rating] is not established in the European Union and 
has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 (as amended).] 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered 
under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) ("CRA Regulation") unless the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency operating in the 
European Union before 7 June 2010 which has 
submitted 
an 
application 
for 
registration 
in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation and such 
registration is not refused. 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
A rating is not a recommendation by any rating 
organisation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be 
subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating organisation.] 
 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement:  
"Save as discussed in ["Plan of Distribution"] [and] "General Information", so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER[,] [AND] ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS [AND ESTIMATED 
TOTAL EXPENSES] 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus] 
[The Notes are [Green Bonds] [Social Bonds] 
[Sustainable Bonds] and the net proceeds from the 
issuance of the Notes will be [used as described in 
"Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus][specify 
any updated disclosure in relation to Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds, as applicable, if

--- Page 407 ---
- 407 - 
 
use of proceeds is different from "Use of Proceeds" in 
the Base Prospectus]] 
[] (Specify if reasons for offer is different from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus) 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
 
(If the Notes are retail non-equity securities to which 
Annex 14 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
No 2019/980 applies and the proceeds are intended 
for more than one use will need to split out and 
present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to 
fund all proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding) 
 
[Estimated total expenses:] 
[         ] [NB: Delete unless the Notes are retail non-
equity securities to which Annex 14 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 applies] 
 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[         ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield] 
 
[Floating Rate Notes Only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
Details of performance of [LIBOR/EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] rates can be obtained, [but not] free 
of charge, from [Reuters/Bloomberg/other electronic means of obtaining the details of performance]. 
[Include where the Notes reference SOFR: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse or recommend any 
products or services offered by the Issuer.]] 
 
[CMS Linked Notes Only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
Details of performance of swap rates can be obtained, [but not] free of charge, from [Reuters/other 
electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].] 
 
[Inflation Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes, ETF Linked Notes, Credit Linked Notes, Fund Linked 
Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes or EUA Contract Linked Notes – 
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX/FORMULA/ETF/FUND/CURRENCY/REFERENCE ENTITY, 
EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE REFERENCE ITEM 
[Disclosure here must comply with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, Annex 17, item 
2.2.2 and provide an indication of where information on past and future performance and volatility of 
the equity/index/formula/ETF/fund/reference entity/other variable can be obtained by electronic means 
and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge. [Where the underlying is an Inflation Index, Share 
Index or other index, need to include the name of the index and insert a link or give other indication as 
to where further information about the Inflation Index, Share Index or other index can be found and note 
additional requirements and related regulatory position if the index is not provided by an EU 
Benchmarks Regulation approved administrator.] [Where the Reference Item is a Share or other 
security, or ETF or Fund, include name of issuer of such Share/Security and ISIN or other relevant 
identification number and insert link or give other indication of where further information of 
Share/Security/ETF/Fund can be found.] [In respect of Credit Linked Securities insert:

--- Page 408 ---
- 408 - 
 
Certain information in relation to the Reference Entity and [[Non-]Standard Reference Obligation] (if 
any) as at the Issue Date is set out below. 
Name: 
[] 
Address: 
[] 
Country of incorporation: 
[] 
Industry or industries of operation: 
[] (For example financials, energy, insurance, manufacturing, 
construction, transport, media determined on the basis of 
available information on the Reference Entity) 
Market[(s)] on which securities are 
admitted to trading: 
[] 
[[Non-]Standard 
Reference 
Obligation] Securities Code: 
[][Not Applicable] 
(The information above should be completed so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain from 
information published by the relevant Reference Entity. Country of incorporation, industry and address 
will be "Not Applicable" for a Sovereign Reference entity and Securities Code (eg. ISIN/CUSIP) will 
be "Not Applicable" if there is no Reference Obligation or it has no securities code.  Note permissible 
markets for a Reference Entity’s securities to be admitted to trading on are regulated markets, 
equivalent third country markets and SME Growth Markets, each as described in Regulation EU No 
2019/980, Annex 17, item 2.2.2 (a)(ii). Where such requirement cannot be satisfied, a supplement or 
drawdown prospectus must be prepared that includes the required information to be addressed under 
Annex 17, item 2.2.2 (a)(i).) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and future performance of [the Reference Entity] 
[[insert Reference Entity name]] is available, [but not] free of charge from [insert electronically 
displayed sources such as Bloomberg].] 
[An example of how the value of the investment is affected by value of the underlying may be included.] 
[(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and 
where it can be obtained]][does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
[Insert any required index disclaimers] 
 
[Dual Currency Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATE[S] OF EXCHANGE AND 
EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the relevant rate[s] can 
be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge and a clear and 
comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is affected by the underlying and the 
circumstances when the risks are most evident.] 
[(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]] 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
CUSIP Code: 
[         ] 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering

--- Page 409 ---
- 409 - 
 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
Any clearing system(s) other than DTC, 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
[Monte Titoli S.p.A. ("Monte Titoli")[, through its 
bridge account with []]] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,] [include this 
text for registered notes held under the NSS]] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] [include this text if "yes" 
selected in which case the bearer Global Notes must 
be issued in NGN form/the registered Global Note 
Certificates must be held under the NSS] 
 
[No. While the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of 
one 
of 
the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]] 
 
DISTRIBUTION

--- Page 410 ---
- 410 - 
 
 
Method of distribution  
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses] 
of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting commitments/quotas 
(material features): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
 
[Insert in case of public offers in Italy:      
[] is the Responsabile del Collocamento pursuant to 
Article 93-bis of the Legislative Decree of 24 
February 1998, n. 58, as subsequently amended (the 
"Italian Financial Services Act"), in relation to the 
public offer in Italy since it has organised the placing 
syndicate by appointing the distributors. [For the 
avoidance 
of 
doubt, 
the 
Responsabile 
del 
Collocamento will not act as distributor/placer and 
will not place the Notes in Italy.]] 
 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription 
Agreement]]: 
[          ] 
 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable][give names] 
 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and 
address of relevant Dealer: 
[          ] 
 
Total commission and concession: 
[[          ]% 
of 
the 
Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount][][Not Applicable] 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions8: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; [Rule 144A]; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]] 
 
Non-exempt Offer where there is no 
exemption from the obligation 
under the Prospectus Regulation to 
publish a prospectus 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable](if not applicable, 
delete the remaining placeholders of this paragraph 
(viii) and also paragraph 13 below) 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) where the issuer 
intends to make Non-exempt Offers (where the Base 
Prospectus lists the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, 
select from that list), which must therefore be 
jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported (in addition to the 
jurisdiction where approved and published)] 
Offer Period: 
[Specify date] until [specify date or a formula such as 
"the Issue Date" or "the date which falls [] Business 
Days thereafter"] 
                                                     
8  
Book-Entry Notes shall not be offered or sold in the United States.

--- Page 411 ---
- 411 - 
 
Financial intermediaries granted 
specific consent to use the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with the 
Conditions in it: 
[Insert 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries 
receiving 
consent 
(specific 
consent)]/[Not Applicable] 
(In the case of offers in Italy, consider whether 
consent should be applicable) 
General Consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
Other Authorised Offeror Terms : 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised 
Offeror Terms] 
 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included 
here where General Consent is applicable) 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a 
Non-exempt offer in relevant jurisdictions. No such 
offer should be made in any relevant jurisdiction until 
those requirements have been met. Non-exempt offers 
may only be made into jurisdictions in which the base 
prospectus 
(and 
any 
supplement) 
has 
been 
notified/passported.) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable[, other than with respect 
to offers or sales of the Notes, or the Notes otherwise 
being made available, in [specify jurisdiction(s) for 
which a PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the 
period[s] [          ]- [          ] [repeat periods as 
necessary]]] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified.  If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA 
other than in the relevant specified jurisdiction(s) for 
the relevant specified period(s), "Applicable" should 
be specified and details provided accordingly.) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Not Applicable/Applicable[, other than with respect 
to offers or sales of the Notes, or the Notes otherwise 
being made available, in the United Kingdom during 
the period[s] [       ]-[       ] [repeat periods as 
necessary]] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK 
other than for the relevant specified period(s), 
"Applicable" should be specified and details provided 
accordingly.) 
 
 
U.S. TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for purposes of 
Section 871(m).][Based on market conditions on the 
date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has made a 
preliminary determination that the Notes are [not] 
Specified Notes for purposes of Section 871(m). This 
is a preliminary determination only that is subject to

--- Page 412 ---
- 412 - 
 
change based on market conditions on the Issue Date. 
If the Issuer's final determination is different then it 
will give notice of such determination.] [Please 
contact [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer 
contact] for further information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes.] (The 
Notes will not be Specified Securities if they (i) are 
issued prior to January 1, 2023 and are not "delta-
one" for U.S. tax purposes or (ii) do not reference any 
U.S. equity or any index that contains any component 
U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities. If the Notes reference a U.S. 
equity or an index that contains a component U.S. 
equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior to 
January 1, 2023 and provide a return that does not 
differ significantly from the return on an investment 
in the underlying, or (ii) are issued on or after 
January 1, 2023, further analysis would be required.) 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
(Delete whole section if sub-paragraph 11(viii) above is specified to be Not Applicable because there is 
no Non-exempt Offer) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price/Not Applicable/specify] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[The Offer of the Notes in Italy is conditional upon 
their issue. 
No dealings in Notes to be publicly offered in Italy 
may take place prior to the Issue Date.] 
[The effectiveness of the offer is subject to the 
adoption of the resolution of admission to trading of 
the Notes on the [] before the Issue Date. As such, 
the Issuer undertakes to file the application for the 
Italian Notes to be admitted to trading on the [] in 
time for the adoption of such resolution.] (This 
language should be included where reimbursement of 
the Noteholder's investment is not guaranteed) 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of the application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Description 
of 
possibility 
to 
reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription rights 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 413 ---
- 413 - 
 
and treatment of subscription rights not 
exercised: 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Process for notifying applicants of the 
amount allotted and an indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Amount of any expenses and taxes charged 
to the subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or UK MiFIR 
and/or PRIIPs and/or UK PRIIPS Regulation such 
that it is required to disclose information relating to 
costs and charges, also include that information) 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes place 
[The Authorised Offerors identified in paragraph [11] 
above 
and 
identifiable 
from 
the 
Base 
Prospectus/None/give details] 
[Name and address of the entities which 
have a firm commitment to act as 
intermediaries 
in 
secondary 
trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms of 
their commitment:] 
[None/give details] 
 
 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to [insert name(s) of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name(s) of the administrator(s) – if more than one, 
specify in relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name(s) of 
the administrator(s)] [is/are] [not] included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011.] [repeat as necessary]]  
 
[ROC TAXATION] 
 
[N.B.: To be inserted if Notes are listed on the Taipei 
Exchange: The following is a general description of 
the principal of the Republic of China ("ROC") tax 
consequences for investors receiving interest in 
respect of, or disposing of, the Notes and is of a 
general nature based on the Issuer's understanding of 
current law and practice. It does not purport to be 
comprehensive and does not constitute legal or tax 
advice. 
This general description is based upon the law as in 
effect on the date hereof and that the Notes will be 
issued, offered, sold and re-sold, directly or indirectly,

--- Page 414 ---
- 414 - 
 
to professional institutional investors as defined under 
Paragraph 2, Article 4 of the Financial Consumer 
Protection Act of the ROC only. This description is 
subject to change potentially with retroactive effect. 
Investors should appreciate that, as a result of 
changing law or practice, the tax consequences may be 
otherwise than as stated below. Investors should 
consult their professional advisers on the possible tax 
consequences of subscribing for, purchasing, holding 
or selling the Notes.] 
 
Interest on the Notes 
As the Issuer is not an ROC statutory tax withholder, 
there is no ROC withholding tax on the interest [or 
deemed interest] to be paid on the Notes. 
ROC corporate holders must include the interest [or 
deemed interest]9 receivable under the Notes as part of 
their taxable income and pay income tax at a flat rate 
of 20 per cent (unless the total taxable income for a 
fiscal year is under NT$120,000), as they are subject 
to income tax on their worldwide income on an accrual 
basis. The alternative minimum tax ("AMT") is not 
applicable. 
Sale of the Notes 
In general, the sale of corporate bonds or financial 
bonds is subject to a 0.1 per cent. securities transaction 
tax ("STT") on the transaction price. However, Article 
2-1 of the Securities Transaction Tax Act prescribes 
that STT will cease to be levied on the sale of 
corporate bonds and financial bonds from 1 January 
2010 to 31 December 2026. Therefore, the sale of the 
Notes will be exempt from STT if the sale is conducted 
on or before 31 December 2026. Starting from 1 
January 2027, any sale of the Notes will be subject to 
STT at 0.1 per cent. of the transaction price, unless 
otherwise provided by the tax laws that may be in 
force at that time. 
Capital gains generated from the sale of bonds are 
exempt from income tax. Accordingly, ROC corporate 
holders are not subject to income tax on any capital 
gains generated from the sale of the Notes. However, 
ROC corporate holders should include the capital 
gains in calculating their basic income for the purpose 
of calculating their AMT. If the amount of the AMT 
exceeds the ordinary income tax calculated pursuant 
to the Income Basic Tax Act of the ROC (also known 
as the AMT Act), the excess becomes the ROC 
corporate holders' AMT payable. Capital losses, if 
any, incurred by such holders may be carried over 5 
years to offset against capital gains of the same 
category of income for the purposes of calculating 
their AMT. 
                                                     
9  
Applicable for Zero Coupon Notes only.

--- Page 415 ---
- 415 - 
 
 
[Specify] 
 
 
[ROC SETTLEMENT AND TRADING] 
 
[N.B.: To be inserted if Notes are listed on the Taipei 
Exchange: An investor with a securities book-entry 
account with a ROC securities broker and a foreign 
currency deposit account with a ROC bank may 
request the approval of the Taiwan Depositary & 
Clearing Corporation ("TDCC") to the settlement of 
the Notes through the account of TDCC with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and if such 
approval is granted by the TDCC, the Notes may be so 
cleared and settled. In such circumstances, TDCC will 
allocate the respective Notes position to the securities 
book-entry account designated by such investor in the 
ROC. The Notes will be traded and settled pursuant to 
the applicable rules and operating procedures of 
TDCC and the TPEx as domestic bonds.   
In addition, an investor may apply to TDCC (by filing 
in a prescribed form) to transfer the Notes in its own 
account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
to the TDCC account with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for trading in the domestic market or vice 
versa for trading in overseas markets. 
For such investors who hold their interests in the Notes 
through an account opened and held by TDCC with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, distributions 
of principal and/or interest for the Notes to such 
holders may be made by payment services banks 
whose systems are connected to TDCC to the foreign 
currency deposit accounts of the holders. Such 
payment is expected to be made on the second ROC 
business day following TDCC's receipt of such 
payment (due to time difference, the payment is 
expected to be received by TDCC one ROC business 
day after the distribution date). However, when the 
holders will actually receive such distributions may 
vary depending upon the daily operations of the ROC 
banks with which the holder has the foreign currency 
deposit account.] 
 
 
SPECIFIC 
BASIS 
BUY-BACK 
PROVISIONS 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraph of this paragraph 17) 
(The Specific Basis Buy-Back Provisions may only 
apply where Banco Santander, S.A. acts as the sole 
Dealer and the Calculation Agent and where the 
Specified Denomination in respect of each Note is 
equal to at least Euro 100,000 (or its equivalent 
amount in the Specified Currency)) 
[The value of the Notes prior to the Maturity Date shall 
reflect and shall be calculated on the basis of but will

--- Page 416 ---
- 416 - 
 
not necessarily be the same as the Market Value of the 
Underlying Transactions if any at the relevant time. 
In the event that the Issuer accepts a request to buy-
back the Notes, the price at which the Issuer will buy-
back the Notes (the "Buy-Back Price") will be 
determined taking into consideration but will not 
necessarily be the same as the Market Value of the 
Underlying Transactions.] 
(a) 
Notice period: 
[Not less than] [[5/[]] Business Days] 
• 
Underlying Transactions: 
Information relating to: 
(i) the calculation of the interest basis in respect of the 
Notes (unbundling), in particular, information 
relating to the Extra-Yield (being the additional 
remuneration paid in respect of the Notes 
compared to other debt instruments 
with 
equivalent payments but to which the Specific 
Basis Buy-Back Provisions do not apply); and  
(ii) the Underlying Transactions, if any, and any 
changes thereto,  
shall be published on [[]] [the website of Euronext 
Dublin (www.live.euronext.com)] [specify alternative 
method of publication]. 
• 
Issuer contact details for notices: 
Santander International Products Public Limited 
Company 
[specify address] 
[specify e-mail]]

--- Page 417 ---
- 417 - 
 
ANNEX 
SUMMARY OF THE NOTES 
[Issue specific summary to be inserted in the case of the Notes issued with minimum denomination of less than 
EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)]

--- Page 418 ---
- 418 - 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
The Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be completed to reflect the particular terms of 
the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the 
Pricing Supplement but denotes directions for completing the Pricing Supplement. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 FOR THE 
ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers or sales of 
the Notes, or the Notes otherwise being made available, in [specify jurisdiction(s) for which a PRIIPs KID is being 
prepared] [during the period[s] [         ]- [         ] [repeat periods as necessary],] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers or sales of 
the Notes, or the Notes otherwise being made available, in the United Kingdom ("UK"), during the period[s] [     
]-[     ] [repeat periods as necessary],] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the [United 
Kingdom ("UK")][UK]. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market leged to be included]] 
Pricing Supplement dated [                        ] 
Santander International Products plc 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300EBI9IZCEJIF589 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by 
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. 
under the 
EUR 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS

--- Page 419 ---
- 419 - 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer. 
[[N.B.: To be inserted if Notes are admitted to listing on the Taipei Exchange.][The Notes have not been and shall 
not be, offered or sold or re-sold, directly or indirectly to investors other than professional institutional investors 
("Professional Institutional Investors") as defined under Paragraph 2, Article 4 of the Financial Consumer 
Protection Act of the Republic of China ("ROC"). Purchasers of the Notes are not permitted to sell or otherwise 
dispose of the notes except by transfer to a Professional Institutional Investor.]  
[N.B.: To be inserted if Notes are admitted to listing on the Taipei Exchange.][Application has [also] been made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to listing and trading on the Taipei Exchange in the 
Republic of China ("TPEx"). TPEx is not responsible for the content of the Base Prospectus, this Pricing 
Supplement [and the amendment[s] and/or supplement[s] thereto] and no representation is made by TPEx to the 
accuracy or completeness of these the Base Prospectus, this Pricing Supplement [and the amendment[s] and/or 
supplement[s] thereto]. TPEx expressly disclaims any and all liability for any losses arising from, or as a result of 
the reliance on, all or part of the contents of the Base Prospectus, this Pricing Supplement [and the amendment[s] 
and/or supplement[s] thereto. Admission to listing and trading of the Notes on TPEx shall not be taken as an 
indication of the merits of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Notes.] 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein. This Pricing Supplement must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 27 July 2021 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated 
[date[s]]] (the "Base Prospectus"). Prospective investors should note that investing in the Notes entails 
certain risks including (without limitation) the risk that the Issue Price may be greater than the market 
value of the Notes [and the risk that the Calculation Agent may exercise its discretion in such a way as to 
affect amounts due and payable under the Notes and/or their Maturity Date]. For a more detailed 
description of certain of the risks involved, see "Risk Factors" on pages 14 to 72 of the Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented). 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available 
for viewing at [website] [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from 
[address]]. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated [original date] [and the supplement dated [date]] which are incorporated 
by reference in the Base Prospectus].1 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) – Notice to be inserted if classification of the Notes is not "capital 
markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or 
Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]2  
[The following language applies if the Notes are intended to be “qualifying debt securities” (as defined in the 
Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore): 
Without prejudice to any other Singapore tax exemption which may be applicable to payments made by licensed 
banks in Singapore, where Notes are "qualifying debt securities" for the purposes of the Income Tax Act, Chapter 
134 of Singapore (the "ITA"): 
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived from any Notes 
by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operations in Singapore through a 
permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying debt securities (subject to 
certain conditions) under the ITA shall not apply if such person acquires such Notes using the funds and profits 
of such person’s operations through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person whose interest, discount 
                                                     
1  
Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under a Base Prospectus with a different 
date. 
2  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the 
launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 420 ---
- 420 - 
income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost derived from the Notes is not exempt from tax 
(including for the reasons described above) shall include such income in a return of income made under the ITA.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
[must/may need to] be €100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Santander International Products plc 
 
Guarantor: 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 55 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
 
Applicable Annex(es): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Annex 1: Equity Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 2: Inflation Linked Conditions]  
[Annex 3: ETF Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 4: Fund Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 5: Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 6: Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Conditions]  
 
[Annex 7: Payout Conditions [for the purposes of 
Payout Condition 6 only] 
 
[Annex 8: EUA Contract Linked Conditions]] 
 
Type of securities: 
[Notes]/[Certificates] 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ][Specify if Settlement Exchange Rate and 
Settlement Payment both apply: (the "SER Subject 
Currency") for the purpose of the Specified 
Denomination and calculations and [     ] (the 
"Settlement Currency") for the purpose of 
payments] 
[UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes: 
Applicable 
Initial UVR Index: 
[specify]] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount of Notes:

--- Page 421 ---
- 421 - 
 
Series: 
[         ] 
 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
 
Issue Price: 
[         ]% of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)][converted into 
the Settlement Currency at the Initial Settlement 
Exchange Rate, being [specify amount] in respect of 
the Aggregate Principal Amount and "Initial SER" 
means [specify]] 
[The Notes are Partly Paid Notes – see item 56 
below] 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form 
see Conditions): 
[the Specified Denomination][Insert in the case of 
Instalment Notes: (the "Original Calculation 
Amount") minus, for the purposes of any calculation 
by reference to the Calculation Amount on any day, 
the sum of the Instalment Amounts paid prior to the 
relevant day [save for the purposes of calculation of 
any 
[Interest 
Amount][Final 
Redemption 
Amount][Early Redemption Amount][Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount][Optional Redemption 
Amount][Entitlement 
Amount] 
[[payable][deliverable] on [specify]] for which 
purposes the Original Calculation Amount will 
continue to apply]]. 
 
If there are several Specified Denominations, insert 
the highest common factor of those Specified 
Denominations. (Note: there must be a common 
factor of two or more Specified Denominations) 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify] [Issue Date] [Not Applicable] 
 
[An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example, Zero Coupon 
Notes] 
 
[Record Date (in the case of Notes 
admitted to trading on SeDeX 
Market or EuroTLX only): 
[specify]]  
 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date (including any relevant Business Day 
Convention) or (for Floating Rate Notes, CMS-
Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Equity Linked 
Notes, ETF Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes, EUA 
Contract Linked Notes or Other Reference Item 
Linked Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year][or such later 
date for redemption determined as provided in the 
[[Fund 
Linked 
Conditions][Credit 
Linked 
Conditions][Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Conditions][or, in all circumstances if applicable, 
such later date for payment determined as provided

--- Page 422 ---
- 422 - 
in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Payout Condition [6]] 
 
[For Credit Linked Notes, if applicable insert: 
[         ] (the "Scheduled Maturity Date"), subject to 
the provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions and 
this Pricing Supplement] 
 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the 
Issue Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are 
received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, or (b) 
the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom, (i) the Notes must have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies) and be sold only to "professional 
investors" or (ii) another applicable exemption from 
section 19 of the FSMA must be available] 
 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the 
Issue Date the Notes must comply with the Central 
Bank's notice by the Central Bank of Ireland of 
exemptions granted under section 8(2) of the Central 
Bank Act, 1971 as amended (BSD C01/02) and, inter 
alia, have a minimum Specified Denomination of 
Euro 125,000. In addition such Notes must bear the 
following legend: 
 
"An investment in the Notes does not have the status 
of a bank deposit and does not have the protection of 
the deposit protection scheme operated by the 
Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuer is not regulated 
by the Central Bank of Ireland by virtue of the issue 
of the Notes."] 
 
(NB: For certain Renminbi and Hong Kong dollar 
denominated Fixed Rate Notes in respect of which 
the Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification, Modified Following Business Day 
Convention shall apply) 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ]% Fixed Rate] 
 
[[specify reference rate]+/- [         ]% Floating Rate] 
 
[Index/Fund Linked Interest] 
 
[CMS-Linked: [specify reference rate] +/- [         ]%] 
 
[Other (Specify)] 
 
[Equity Linked: please see the section headed 
Provisions Applicable to Equity Linked Notes below 
for more details] 
 
[Inflation Linked: please see Provisions Applicable 
to Inflation Linked Notes below for more details] 
 
[ETF Linked: please see Provisions Applicable to 
ETF Linked Notes below for more details]

--- Page 423 ---
- 423 - 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked: please see Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes 
below for more details] 
 
[Fund Linked: please see Provisions Applicable to 
Fund Linked Notes below for more details] 
 
[Credit Linked: please see Provisions Relating to 
Credit Linked Notes below for more details] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked: please see 
Provisions Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Notes below for more details] 
 
[EUA Contract Linked: please see "Provisions 
Applicable to EUA Contract Linked Notes" below for 
more details] 
 
[Other Reference Item Linked Interest Amount: 
please see Other Reference Item Linked Interest Note 
Provisions below for more details]] 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by 
reference to the applicable Settlement Exchange 
Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
[and each Interest Amount will be multiplied by the 
FX Factor as provided below] 
[The Notes do not bear or pay any interest] 
 
(further particulars specified in items 19 and 
[20/21/22/23/24/25/26/27/28/29/30/31] below) 
 
Redemption/Payment basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[See item 34 below] 
 
[Dual Currency] 
 
[Partly Paid] 
 
[Instalment] 
 
[Other (specify)] 
 
[Index/Fund Linked Redemption] 
 
[Equity Linked: please see the section headed 
Provisions Applicable to Equity Linked Notes below 
for more details] 
 
[ETF Linked: please see Provisions Applicable to 
ETF Linked Notes below for more details] 
 
[Fund Linked: please see Provisions Applicable to 
Fund Linked Notes below for more details]

--- Page 424 ---
- 424 - 
 
[Inflation Linked: please see paragraph Provisions 
Applicable to Inflation Linked Notes below for more 
details] 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked: please see Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes 
below for more details] 
 
[Credit Linked: please see paragraph Provisions 
Relating to Credit Linked Notes at item 49 below and 
the Credit Linked Conditions for more details] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked: please see 
Provisions Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Notes below for more details] 
 
[EUA Contract Linked: please see "Provisions 
Applicable to EUA Contract Linked Notes" below for 
more details] 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by 
reference to the applicable Settlement Exchange 
Rate] 
[provided that each redemption amount will be 
multiplied by the relevant FX Factor as provided 
below] 
 
[Other Reference Item Linked: please see details set 
out at Final Redemption Amount of each Note below 
for more details.] 
 
Reference Item(s): 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 
to [[k][specify])] will apply [for [Interest][and] 
[Automatic Early Redemption][and][Redemption] 
determination purposes:][Not Applicable] 
 
[For [k] = 1][specify][insert description][(see 
paragraph [specify])]  
 
(Repeat if necessary) 
 
[and] 
 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 
[specify] to [k] = [specify])] will apply [for 
[Redemption] determination purposes]: 
 
[For [k] = [specify]][specify][insert description][(see 
paragraph [specify])]  
 
(Repeat if necessary) 
 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Specify the date when 
any 
change 
to 
the 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis occurs with reference to 
paragraphs 20 and 21 below] 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[(further particulars specified in item 33 below)]

--- Page 425 ---
- 425 - 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified in item 32 below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable][Applicable 
[and 
Settlement 
Currency Payment [applies/does not apply]]  
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Settlement Exchange Rate: 
[Specify rate] [As per Payout Condition [6]] 
 
(if a rate is specified then delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
SER Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
[or, 
if 
applicable,] 
[[specify] 
SER 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to the [relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call)] [scheduled] 
[specify each payment date]] 
 
(where different SER Valuation Dates apply to 
different payment dates, specify in respect of each 
applicable payment date) 
 
Provisions applicable to determining 
the Settlement Exchange Rate: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement 
Exchange Rate in Payout Condition [6]: 
 
[SER Base Currency: [specify]] 
 
SER Price Source: [specify] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [specify] 
 
SER Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
SER Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: [specify] 
 
SER Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality, where: 
 
SER 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
[specify][3]% 
 
SER Primary Rate: [specify][The rate 
determined as set out in the definition of 
Settlement Exchange Rate]

--- Page 426 ---
- 426 - 
 
SER Secondary Rate: [specify][SER First 
Fallback 
Reference 
Price 
[and]][SER 
Second Fallback Reference Price]] 
 
SER Disruption Fallbacks (for Price 
Source 
Disruption 
and 
Price 
Materiality only): 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
SER First Fallback Price Source: [specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
SER Second Fallback Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
SER Second Fallback Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
SER 
Second 
Fallback 
Number 
of 
Settlement Days: [specify]] 
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
 
SER Number of Postponement Settlement 
Days: 
[[Two][specify]] 
[Business 
Days][SER Settlement Days] [specify] 
 
SER Maximum Days of Postponement: 
[specify] 
 
(specify fallbacks required and arrange order in 
which to be applied) 
 
SER Cumulative Events: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable and SER Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
 
SER Number of Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where SER Settlement 
Day Centre(s) means [specify]] 
 
SER Additional Disruption Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Change in Law][Hedging Disruption][Increased 
Cost of Hedging] 
(Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging 
should not be specified for Notes admitted to trading 
on SeDeX Market or EuroTLX) 
 
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior Preferred

--- Page 427 ---
- 427 - 
 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of 
Notes 
[and 
Guarantee] 
[respectively] obtained: 
[         ] [and [         ], respectively] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of the Notes or related Guarantee) 
 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable: Knock-in Value is 
[(i)][greater than][greater than or equal to][less 
than][less 
than 
or 
equal 
to] 
the 
Knock-in 
[Level][Price][within the Knock-in Range] (Only 
applicable if a payment to be made in respect of the 
Notes is subject to a condition precedent that a 
Knock-in Event has occurred. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
 
Knock-in Value:  
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.2] 
 
Knock-in Level/Knock-in Price: 
[specify value or percentage] 
 
Knock-in Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of 
values, percentages, level, or prices etc.] to and 
[including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc.] [Not Applicable]  
 
Knock-in Determination Day(s): 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-in Determination Period][Not Applicable]  
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
Knock-in Determination Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date: 
[Applicable][specify][Not Applicable]  
 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in 
Period 
Ending 
Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a 
Knock-in Determination Day][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable: The Knock-out Value 
is [(i)] [greater than][greater than or equal to][less 
than][less than or equal to] the Knock-out 
[Level][Price] [within the Knock-out Range] 
 
(Only applicable if a payment to be made in respect 
of the Notes is subject to a condition precedent that 
a Knock-out Event has occurred. If not applicable,

--- Page 428 ---
- 428 - 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
 
Knock-out Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.2] 
 
Knock-out Level/Knock-out Price: 
[specify value or percentage] 
 
Knock-out Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of 
values, percentages, level, or prices etc.] to and 
[including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc.][Not Applicable]  
 
Knock-out Determination Day(s): 
[[From and including][From and excluding][To and 
including][To but excluding][specify]] 
 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-out Determination Period][Not Applicable] 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
Knock-out Determination Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a 
Knock-out Determination Day][Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable specify: provided that each Interest 
Amount determined in accordance with 
the 
Conditions (prior to any rounding) will be multiplied 
by the relevant FX Factor and the resulting amount 
then rounded as provided in the Conditions, where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 7 
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions]] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] [in each year] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day]][not adjusted][or such later 
date for payment determined as provided in the

--- Page 429 ---
- 429 - 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out in 
Condition [6] of the Payout Conditions]] 
 
(NB: For certain Renminbi and Hong Kong dollar 
denominated Fixed Rate Notes in respect of which 
the Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification, Modified Following Business Day 
Convention should apply) 
 
Margin(s): 
[+ [specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If a Margin applies for each Interest Period, the 
Margin shall be specified separately for each Interest 
Period) 
 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If a Minimum Interest Rate applies for each Interest 
Period, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period) 
 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If a Maximum Interest Rate applies for each Interest 
Period, the Maximum Interest Rate shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period) 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)][specify 
other][Not Applicable] (NB: For Renminbi and Hong 
Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Notes, 
Actual/365 (Fixed) should apply) 
 
Rate of Interest: 
[In respect of [the/each] Interest Payment Date 
[(from 
[specify] 
to 
[specify])][falling 
[on[or 
about]][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify]] only]][Not 
Applicable]]the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent [in accordance with the 
following [formula(s)]][as the sum of the following 
[items [specify] to [specify] (each inclusive) 
below]][Insert letters or numbering here and next to 
each payout if this adds clarity (eg (a), (b). . .)]:]    
 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
(The above formulation may be repeated as 
necessary) 
 
(In respect of the following, insert formula, relevant 
value(s) and other related definitions from Payout 
Condition 2.1 and relevant definitions from Payout 
Condition 5) 
 
[Rate of Interest (i)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (ii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (iii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (iv)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (v)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (vi)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (vii)]

--- Page 430 ---
- 430 - 
 
[Rate of Interest (viii) – Range Accrual] 
 
[Rate of Interest (ix) – Digital One Barrier] 
 
[Rate of Interest (x) – Podium] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xi) – Memory Coupon] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xii) – Counter] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xiii) – Variable Counter] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xiv) – Call with Individual Caps] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xv) – Cappuccino] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xvi) – Fixed Best] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xvii) – Cliquet] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xviii) – Cliquet Digital] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xix) – Cliquet Digital Lock in] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xx) – Digital Coupon One 
Condition Condition] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxi) – Digital Coupon Two 
Conditions] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxii) – TARN] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxiii) – Ratchet] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxiv) – Booster] 
[Rate of Interest (xxv)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxvi) ‒ Call Option Interest Rate] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxvii) ‒ Put Option Interest Rate] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxviii) – Lock in] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxix) – Himalaya] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxx)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxi) – Switchable] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxii) – CMS1010] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxiii) – Digital Barrier] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxiv) – Alternate Currency] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxv) – Growth and Income] 
 
(If the Rate of Interest is calculated by reference to 
Reference Items, Valuation Dates, Observation 
Dates etc. or is otherwise calculated differently in 
respect of each Interest Payment Date, above options 
may be repeated and numerical suffixes may be used 
to clarify which Reference Item, Rate of Interest, 
Valuation Date, Observation Date etc. applies in 
respect of the corresponding Interest Payment Date) 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined 
repeat items (i) to (ii) of this paragraph for each such 
rate and, if Digital Coupon One Condition or Digital 
Coupon Two Conditions apply distinguish between 
the Rate which is Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B 
and the Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[         ]% 
[per 
annum] 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly/other/(s
pecify)] in arrear] 
 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount [Not Applicable] 
(NB: For certain Renminbi and Hong Kong dollar 
denominated Fixed Rate Notes in respect of which 
the Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification, the following wording is appropriate:

--- Page 431 ---
- 431 - 
“Interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the Calculation Amount, and multiplying 
such sum by the actual number of days in the accrual 
period divided by 365 and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest [HK$0.01, HK$0.005/CNY0.01, 
CNY0.005] being rounded upwards.”) 
[Specify Fixed Coupon Amount for Partly Paid 
Notes, taking into account the Outstanding Principal 
Amount from time to time] 
 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify any Broken Amount(s) for Partly Paid 
Notes, taking into account the Outstanding Principal 
Amount from time to time] 
 
Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable][give details] 
 
Floating Rate and CMS Linked Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for purposes only of 
determining the "Rate" element of the Rate of 
Interest specified in item [19(vi)]] (insert where 
"Rate of Interest (viii) – Range Accrual" applies 
under item 19(vi)) 
 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined, 
repeat items (i) to (xiii) as applicable for each such 
rate and, if Digital Coupon One Condition or Digital 
Coupon Two Conditions apply distinguish between 
the Rate which is Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B 
and the Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Specified Period: 
[         ]  
 
(Specified Period and specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
 
[First Interest Payment Date:] 
[         ] 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] [Business Day Convention only 
needs to be specified here if Specified Periods are 
specified] 
 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 432 ---
- 432 - 
 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[specify] (Calculation Agent) 
 
Margin Plus Rate: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Percentage Multiplied by 
Rate:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Difference in Rates: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
of 
Rate[1]: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[          ] month] 
[LIBOR/ EURIBOR Compounded Daily SONIA / 
Compounded Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily 
€STR / HIBOR / CNH HIBOR][specify] [Insert in 
the case of Compounded Daily SONIA except where 
Index Determintion applies: For this purpose 
Relevant Screen Page means [specify]] 
 
Observation Method 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index 
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded 
Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable) 
 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/ [] [London Banking Days] / 
[U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days][TARGET2 Business Days] 
(Specify 
for 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
or 
Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index 
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded 
Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable. N.B. 
must be at least two such relevant days to allow 
clearing system payments) 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Include if applicable for Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR) 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for GBP LIBOR: First London Banking Day 
of each Interest Period]  
[Insert for USD LIBOR: Second London Banking 
Day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
[Insert for Euro LIBOR or EURIBOR: Second 
TARGET2 System Business Day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period]  
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA–non Index 
Determination: Second London Banking Day prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date]

--- Page 433 ---
- 433 - 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number 
of London Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and Relevant Number means [insert 
number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR–non Index 
Determination: Second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date and Relevant 
Number means [insert number being two or 
greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily €STR: Second 
TARGET2 System Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Hong Kong dollar HIBOR: First day of 
each Interest Period] 
[Insert for CNH HIBOR: the second Hong Kong 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period 
if CNH HIBOR] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][ Reuters LIBOR 01/EURIBOR 01] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[specify][ 
11.00 
a.m. 
London 
time/Brussels 
time][11:15 a.m. Hong Kong time, in the case of a 
determination of HIBOR or CNH HIBOR] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/eurozone (where eurozone means the 
region comprised of the countries whose lawful 
currency is the euro)][specify] 
 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None] 
 
ISDA Determination of Rate[1]: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[         ][in the case of CMS linked payout specify if 
applicable in relation to each relevant valuation or 
determination date] 
 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None] 
 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
of 
Rate 2: 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 434 ---
- 434 - 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(in relation to Difference in Rates or 
CMS-linked payout only) 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[          ] month] 
[LIBOR/ EURIBOR Compounded Daily SONIA / 
Compounded Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily 
€STR / HIBOR / CNH HIBOR][specify] [Insert in 
the case of Compounded Daily SONIA except where 
Index Determintion applies: For this purpose 
Relevant Screen Page means [specify]] 
 
Observation Method 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index 
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded 
Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable) 
 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/ [] [London Banking Days] / 
[U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days][TARGET2 Business Days] 
(Specify 
for 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
or 
Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index 
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded 
Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable. N.B. 
must be at least two such relevant days to allow 
clearing system payments) 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Include if applicable for Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR) 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for GBP LIBOR: First London Banking Day 
of each Interest Period]  
[Insert for USD LIBOR: Second London Banking 
Day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
[Insert for Euro LIBOR or EURIBOR: Second 
TARGET2 System Business Day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period]  
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA–non Index 
Determination: Second London Banking Day prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number 
of London Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and Relevant Number means [insert 
number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR–non Index 
Determination: Second U.S. Government Securities

--- Page 435 ---
- 435 - 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date and Relevant 
Number means [insert number being two or 
greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily €STR: Second 
TARGET2 System Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Hong Kong dollar HIBOR: First day of 
each Interest Period] 
[Insert for CNH HIBOR: the second Hong Kong 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period 
if CNH HIBOR] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[Reuters LIBOR 01/EURIBOR 01][specify] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time][11:15 a.m. 
Hong Kong time, in the case of a determination of 
HIBOR or CNH HIBOR][specify] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/eurozone (where eurozone means the 
region comprised of the countries whose lawful 
currency is the euro][specify] 
 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None] 
 
ISDA Determination of Rate 2: 
 
(in relation to Difference in Rates or 
CMS-linked payout only) 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[         ][in the case of CMS linked payout specify if 
applicable in relation to each relevant valuation or 
determination date] 
 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None] 
 
Specified Percentage: 
[[         ]%][Not Applicable] 
 
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions, denominator and any 
other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest on Floating Rate 
Notes or CMS-Linked Notes, if 
different from those set out in the 
Conditions: 
[         ]

--- Page 436 ---
- 436 - 
 
Other Reference Item Linked Interest 
Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Other Reference Item: 
[         ] 
 
Entity responsible for calculating the 
interest due: 
[specify] [Calculation Agent] 
 
Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculation by reference to 
Formula and/or Other Reference 
Item: 
[         ] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s):  
[         ] 
 
Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculation by reference to 
Formula and/or Other Reference 
Item is impossible or impracticable 
or otherwise disrupted: 
[         ] 
 
Interest or calculation period(s): 
[         ] 
 
Specified Period: 
[         ]  
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/specify 
other 
Business 
Day 
convention][Delete as applicable] 
 
Minimum Rate/Amount of Interest: 
[         ]% per annum 
 
Maximum Rate Amount of Interest: 
[         ]% per annum 
 
Day Count Fraction 
[         ] 
 
Dual Currency Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rate 
of 
Exchange/method 
of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[         ]

--- Page 437 ---
- 437 - 
 
Entity, responsible for calculating 
the principal and/or interest due: 
[specify] [Calculation Agent] 
 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[         ] 
 
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[         ] 
 
Equity Linked Note interest provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to "Provisions Applicable 
to 
Equity 
Linked 
Notes" 
below, 
for 
more 
information][Not Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
 
ETF Linked Note interest provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions 
Applicable to ETF Linked Notes" below for more 
information] [Not Applicable] [Delete as applicable] 
 
Inflation Linked Note interest provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to "Provisions Applicable 
to Inflation Linked Notes", below, for more 
information][Not Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
 
Fund Linked Note interest provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions 
Applicable to Fund Linked Notes" below for more 
information][Not Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Note interest provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions 
Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes" 
below 
for 
more 
information][Not 
Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
 
EUA Contract Linked Note interest 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions 
Applicable to EUA Contract Linked Notes" below for 
more information] [Not Applicable] [Delete as 
applicable] 
 
Reference Item Rate Linked Note 
interest provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section "Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes" 
below, 
for 
more 
information][Not 
Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
 
Zero Coupon Note provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs) 
 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ]% per annum 
 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining the amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[         ] 
 
Day Count Fraction in relation to the 
Amortised Face Amount: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365]

--- Page 438 ---
- 438 - 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][provided the Issuer 
may only exercise the Call Option if the Original 
Redemption Condition is satisfied] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
[         ] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
set out in Payout Condition 6] [the [insert] Business 
Day following [the day on which notice of the Issuer 
exercising the Call Option is given to Noteholders]] 
(NB: In the case of Call Option Rate Notes, the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call) must be Interest 
Payment Dates (other than the first and final Interest 
Payment Dates)) 
 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount][Final Payout as 
specified in paragraph 35 below] 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 5 
and 7 and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions, including, if applicable Optional 
Redemption Condition] 
 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
Notice period: 
[         ] [[] Business Days (the "Minimum Early 
Redemption Notice Period") (NB: to be included 
for Call Option Rate Notes ‒ may not be less than ten 
Business Days) 
 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put): 
[         ] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
set out in Payout Condition 6] (NB: In the case of Put 
Option Rate Notes, the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put) must be Interest Payment Dates (other than the 
first and final Interest Payment Dates))

--- Page 439 ---
- 439 - 
 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 7 
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions] 
 
Notice period: 
[         ] [[] Business Days (the "Minimum Early 
Redemption Notice Period") (NB: to be included 
for Put Option Rate Notes ‒ may not be less than ten 
Business Days) 
 
(The Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of five clearing system business 
days' notice for a call and 15 clearing system 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent/Iberclear 
Paying 
Agent/Registrar) 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[Calculation Amount * [specify]%] [Outstanding 
Principal Amount immediately prior to the Maturity 
Date] [Calculation Amount * Final Payout] [Final 
Payout] [, subject to [specify]]/See Equity Linked 
redemption provisions below/See ETF Linked 
redemption provisions below/See Inflation Linked 
Note redemption provisions below/See Reference 
Item Rate Linked Note redemption provisions 
below/See 
Credit 
Linked 
Note 
redemption 
provisions below/See Fund Linked redemption 
provisions below/See Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked redemption provisions below/See EUA 
Contract Linked Note redemption provisions below] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 7 
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions] 
 
[See also "Provisions Relating to Credit Linked 
Notes" at item 47 below and the Credit Linked 
Conditions]

--- Page 440 ---
- 440 - 
[In cases where the Final Redemption 
Amount is an Other Reference Item Linked 
Redemption Note: 
(If not applicable, delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
Formula/Other Redemption Item: 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
 
Entity responsible for calculating the 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[specify] [Calculation Agent] 
 
Provisions for determining Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
where 
calculated by reference to Formula 
and/or other Other Redemption 
Item: 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
 
Date 
for 
determining 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
where 
calculation by reference to Formula 
and/or Other Redemption Item: 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions for determining Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
where 
calculation by reference to Formula 
and/or Other Redemption Item is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable 
or 
otherwise disrupted: 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
 
[Payment Date:] 
[         ] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
Other 
relevant 
provisions 
or 
conditions: 
[Insert as applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
Final Payout: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(In respect of the following, insert formula from 
Payout Condition 2.2 and relevant definitions from 
Payout Condition 5) 
 
[The sum of the following [items [specify] to 
[specify] (each inclusive) below]:] [Insert letters or 
numbering here and next to each payout if this adds 
clarity (eg (a), (b). . .)] 
 
 
[Redemption (i)] 
 
[Redemption (ii)] 
 
[Redemption (iii)] 
 
[Redemption (iv)] 
 
[Redemption (v)] 
 
[Redemption (vi)] 
 
[Redemption (vii) – Booster] 
 
[Redemption (viii) – Digital] 
 
[Redemption (ix) – Digital with Knock-in] 
 
[Redemption (x) – Podium] 
 
[Redemption (xi) – Reverse Knock-in Standard] 
 
[Redemption (xii) – Reverse Knock-in]  
 
[Redemption (xiii) – Knock-in Standard]

--- Page 441 ---
- 441 - 
 
[Redemption (xiv) – Twin Win] 
 
[Redemption (xv) – Himalaya] 
 
[Redemption (xvi) – Memory] 
 
[Redemption (xvii) – Lock in] 
 
[Redemption (xviii)] 
 
[Redemption (xix) – Switchable] 
 
[Redemption (xx) – Alternate Currency] 
 
[Redemption (xxi) – Leveraged FX] 
 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If applicable, specify one of the following) 
 
[ST Automatic Early Redemption][Target Automatic 
Early Redemption] (always insert 'Target Automatic 
Early Redemption Event' if Target Coupon 
Automatic Early Redemption applies) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Event: 
[AER Value Automatic Early Redemption Event – 
Applicable] 
AER Value is: [greater than][greater than or equal 
to][less than][less than or equal to] the Automatic 
Early Redemption [Level][Price] 
 
AER Value:  
[Target Coupon Automatic Early Redemption Event 
– Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value definition and where 
applicable 
relevant 
definitions 
from 
Payout 
Condition 5.1 and 5.2][Not Applicable] 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Payout: 
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
(Insert relevant formula (and related definitions) 
from Payout Condition 3) 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 7 
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions) 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Level/Price: 
[[specify] [%[of RI Initial Value]]][Not Applicable] 
 
[AER Percentage][Target Coupon 
Percentage]: 
[specify]%][Not Applicable]

--- Page 442 ---
- 442 - 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined 
as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Payout Condition 6] 
 
AER Additional Rate: 
[AER Rate][Insert relevant provisions from Payout 
Condition 5.1][Not Applicable] 
 
[AER Rate DCF][Insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
 
[AER Rate MT][Insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant Valuation Date][during the Observation 
Period][Not Applicable]. 
 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] for the purposes 
of Automatic Early Redemption. [The Averaging 
Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [    ] above] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to: [specify][five] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five)] 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Tax) 
per 
Calculation Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if different 
from that set out in the Conditions): 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount (specify the 
amount)/Market Value less Associated Costs] 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 7 
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions) 
Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on an event of default and/or 
the method of calculating the same (if 
required or if different from that set out in the 
Conditions): 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount/specify the amount, 
which may, where appropriate, be an amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to the fair market value of 
each Note less applicable costs [including the cost, if 
any, for unwinding hedging arrangements]] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant

--- Page 443 ---
- 443 - 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 7 
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions) 
Termination Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on an occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event and/or the method 
of calculating the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in the Conditions): 
[See paragraph 50(xxx)][Not Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount per Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
following 
an 
early 
redemption: 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount/Market Value less 
Associated Costs/specify amount or method of 
calculation][Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 7 
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions) 
Fair Market Value Interest Element: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (Specify as required in 
respect of each relevant early redemption. Note, this 
should be specified as Applicable where accrued 
interest will not always be known on an early 
redemption: for example when using SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR or for other Notes where interest is 
determined only shortly before an Interest Payment 
Date.) 
 
Equity 
Linked 
Note 
redemption 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section headed 
"Provisions Applicable to Equity Linked Notes" for 
more 
information][Not 
Applicable][Delete 
as 
applicable] 
 
ETF Linked Note redemptions provisions 
[Applicable – please refer to the section headed 
"Provisions Applicable to ETF Linked Notes" for 
more 
information][Not 
Applicable][Delete 
as 
applicablle] 
 
Inflation 
Linked 
Note 
redemption 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section headed 
"Provisions Applicable to Inflation Linked Notes" 
below for more information][Not Applicable][Delete 
as applicable] 
 
Fund 
Linked 
Note 
redemption 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section headed 
"Provisions Applicable to Fund Linked Notes" below 
for more information][Not Applicable][Delete as 
applicable]

--- Page 444 ---
- 444 - 
 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes 
redemption 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to section headed 
"Provisions Relating to Credit Linked Notes" below 
for more information][Not Applicable][Delete as 
applicable] 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Note redemption provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions 
Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes" 
below 
for 
more 
information][Not 
Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
 
Reference Item Rate Linked Note 
redemption provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section "Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes" 
below, 
for 
more 
information][Not 
Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
 
EUA Contract Linked Note Redemption 
Provisions:  
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions 
Applicable to EUA Contract Linked Notes" below for 
more 
information][Not 
Applicable][Delete 
as 
applicable] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
Equity Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][for the purposes of 
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
19(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (viii) – Range 
Accrual" applies under item 19(vi)) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
The provisions of Annex 1 of the Terms and 
Conditions (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Equity Linked Notes) shall apply. 
 
Type of Notes: 
[Single Share Linked Notes][Single Share Index 
Linked Notes][Share Basket Linked Notes][Share 
Index Basket Linked Notes][Delete as applicable] 
 
Share(s)/Share Basket/Single Share 
Index/Share Index Basket: 
[specify (i) names of each issuer of the Share(s), (ii) 
class of each Share, (iii) ISIN or other security 
identification code for each Share/Share Index for 
Single Share Index Linked Notes or each of the Share 
Indices for Share Index Basket Linked Notes 
(specifying where applicable if any such index is a 
Dividend Index)][Reference Item[s][k]] 
 
Share Index Sponsor(s): 
[Insert name(s) of Share Index Sponsor(s)/Share 
Dividend Index Sponsor(s)][Not Applicable] 
(in relation to Single Share Index 
Linked Notes and Share Index 
Basket Linked Notes only) 
 
 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] [As per the Conditions] 
 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges] 
 
Exchange 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 445 ---
- 445 - 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not Applicable][Specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
 
Averaging: 
Averaging [(Per [Share/Index])] [applies][does not 
apply] to the Notes [in respect of each [specify 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date].][insert 
and 
repeat 
sentence, if applicable]. [The Averaging Dates are 
[specify] [See paragraph [    ] above] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable]  
 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Not Applicable][Scheduled Closing Time][Any 
time [on the relevant Coupon Valuation Date][during 
the Observation Period]] [specify], being the time 
specified on the relevant [Coupon Valuation Date] or 
an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the [Interest Amount]  
 
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation Time 
will be the Scheduled Closing Time) 
 
Redemption Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Redemption Valuation Time: 
[Not Applicable][Scheduled Closing Time][Any 
time [on the relevant Redemption Valuation 
Date][during the Observation Period]] [specify], 
being the time specified on the relevant [Redemption 
Valuation Date] or an Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, for the calculation of the [Redemption 
Amount] 
 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
[Valuation Date and] Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[The definition of "Valuation Date" in Condition 21 
will apply, for which purpose the] [Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[specify][As per the Conditions][Not Applicable] 
 
Exchange Rate: 
[specify] 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 446 ---
- 446 - 
 
The provisions of Annex 2 of the Terms and 
Conditions (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Inflation Linked Notes) shall apply 
 
(If more than one Inflation Interest Rate is to be 
determined, repeat items (i) to (vi) for each such 
Inflation Rate and, if Digital Coupon One Condition 
or Digital Coupon Two Conditions apply distinguish 
between the Rate which is Rate A, the Rate which is 
Rate B and the Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
 
Inflation Index: 
[         ][Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
 
(Set out each Inflation Index level and insert "in 
respect of [specify date]" following each Inflation 
Index level) 
 
Inflation Index Sponsor: 
[         ] 
 
Related Bond: 
[Insert name and ISIN or other security identification 
code of Related Bond][Not Applicable][Fallback 
Bond][Delete as applicable] 
 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Alternative Delay of Publication 
Formula:  
[Insert formula][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not Applicable][Specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
 
Inflation Index Level Adjustment: 
(Annex 2, Section 1, Paragraph 6 of 
Terms and Conditions) 
[See details in Section 3 of Annex 2 to the Terms and 
Conditions][Option (i) as specified in paragraph 6 of 
Section 1 of Annex 2 to the Terms and 
Conditions][Option (ii) as specified in paragraph 6 of 
Section 1 of Annex 2 to the Terms and 
Conditions][Delete as applicable] 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Delete as applicable] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
ETF Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] [for the purposes of 
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
19(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (viii) - Range 
Accrual" applies under item 19(vi)), 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[ETF(s)]/[ETF Basket]: 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 
to [[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See 
table [above][below]] [Insert table] 
[For 
[k]=1][specify][insert 
description][(see 
paragraph [specify])](repeat as necessary)

--- Page 447 ---
- 447 - 
[Weighting: [[Not Applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the ETF Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
ETF Share Currency: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
ISIN of ETF Share(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(vi) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike 
Days in the period if applicable][See table 
[above][below]] 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [(Per ETF)] [applies] to 
the Notes] in respect of [specify relevant Valuation 
Date][insert and repeat sentence, if applicable]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph 
[specify] above][See table [above][below]] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a [Disrupted 
Day], 
[Omission] 
[Postponement] 
[Modified 
Postponement] will apply]  
(ix) 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(xi) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Coupon Valuation Date]] [Redemption Valuation 
Date]] [during the Observation Period]] [[specify], 
being the time specified on the relevant [Coupon 
Valuation Date] [Redemption Valuation Date] or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the [ETF Linked Interest Amount] 
[Redemption Amount] 
(If no time is specified, the Valuation Time will be the 
close of trading on the Exchange) 
(xii) 
[Observation Date(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
(xiii) 
Observation Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(xiv) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All 
ETF 
Shares 
Basis)][(Per 
ETF 
Shares 
Basis)][(Single ETF Share Basis)] 
(xv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All 
ETF 
Share 
Basis)][(Per 
ETF 
Share 
Basis)][(Single ETF Share Basis)] 
(xvi) 
ETF Share Correction Period: 
[specify]

--- Page 448 ---
- 448 - 
(xvii) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[Not applicable][specify][five][Scheduled Trading 
Days] 
(xviii) 
Extraordinary ETF Events: 
[As set out in ETF Linked Condition 2(b)] [specify] 
[If the Notes are admitted to trading on SeDeX 
Market or EuroTLX, insert: 
Limb (xviii): Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Additional 
Extraordinary 
ETF 
Events: 
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
ETF 
Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Extraordinary 
ETF Events apply to the Notes: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Hedging Disruption] (Hedging Disruption should 
not be specified for Notes admitted to trading on 
SeDex Market or EuroTLX) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] (Increased Cost of 
Hedging should not be specified for Notes admitted 
to trading on SeDeX Market or EuroTLX) 
[Failure to deliver: Not applicable] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Insolvency Filing] 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant ETF Share] is 
[specify]] (Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable) 
 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] 
(Only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow 
is applicable)] 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
Credit Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
The provisions of Annex 5 of the Terms and 
Conditions (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Linked Notes) shall apply 
 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[       ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 449 ---
- 449 - 
 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction 
Settlement/Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Delivery] 
 
Calculation Agent City: 
[London][Madrid][specify other] 
 
Reference Entity: 
[Specify name] 
 
(N.B. By specifying "Standard Terms" as applicable 
to a Reference Entity, the relevant information set out 
in Credit Linked Condition 22 shall apply. Not all 
relevant information is given in the Standard Terms 
and so ensure the remaining sections of this item 49 
are completed accordingly.) 
 
Standard Terms: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
If applicable, insert the following as applicable and 
specify any changes needed to reflect the latest ISDA 
Physical Settlement Matrix: The following Standard 
Terms 
apply: 
[Standard 
North 
American 
Corporate/Standard European Corporate/Standard 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance 
Corporate/Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate/Standard Emerging European Corporate 
LPN/Standard Australia Corporate & Standard New 
Zealand 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan 
Corporate/Standard Singapore Corporate/Standard 
Latin America Corporate B/Standard Latin America 
Corporate BL/Standard Asia Corporate/Standard 
Asia Sovereign/Standard Emerging European & 
Middle 
Eastern 
Sovereign/Standard 
Australia 
Sovereign 
& 
Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Sovereign/Standard 
Japan 
Sovereign/Standard 
Singapore 
Sovereign/Standard 
Latin 
America 
Sovereign/Standard Western European Sovereign] 
If Standard European Corporate, Standard Australia 
Corporate & Standard New Zealand Corporate, 
Standard Japan Corporate, Standard Singapore 
Corporate or Standard Asia Corporate Standard 
Terms apply, insert the following: Transaction Type: 
[Financial Transaction Type/Other] 
 
Reference Obligation[s]: 
[         ][Standard Reference Obligation] 
 
[If Standard Reference Obligation is specified, insert 
and complete as applicable: Seniority Level: [Senior 
Level][Subordinated Level]] 
[The obligation[s] identified as 
follows: 
 
Primary Obligor: 
[         ] 
Guarantor: 
[         ] 
Maturity: 
[         ] 
Coupon: 
[         ] 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[         ]]

--- Page 450 ---
- 450 - 
 
(N.B. repeat the above headings if there is more than 
one reference obligation) 
 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[Standard Terms] 
 
Credit Events: 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
[Grace 
Period 
Extension: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable insert: 
 
Grace Period: [30 calendar days][        ]]] 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
Provisions relating to Restructuring Credit Event: 
Credit Linked Condition 13: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation: 
Credit Linked Condition 14: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Mod R: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Mod Mod R: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
 
[Specify other] 
 
[Standard Terms] 
Default Requirement: 
[       ] 
Payment Requirement: 
[       ] 
 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Public Source(s): [         ] 
 
Specified Number: [       ]] 
 
Obligation(s): 
 
(a) 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment] 
(select one only) 
[Borrowed Money]

--- Page 451 ---
- 451 - 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
[Standard Terms] 
(b) 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
 
[Credit Linked Specified Currency: 
(select all of which apply) 
[Standard Specified Currencies][specify 
currency]] 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency 
 
Domestic 
Currency 
means: 
[specify 
currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Standard Terms] 
(c) 
Additional Obligation[s]: 
[         ][See Credit Linked Condition 17][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify "Not Applicable" unless the provisions 
relating to LPN Reference Entities apply) 
(d) 
Excluded Obligation[s]: 
[         ] 
 
Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Merger Event: 
Credit Linked Condition 11: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable insert: 
 
Merger Event Redemption Amount: [       ] 
 
Merger Event Redemption Date: [         ][Five 
Business 
Days 
after 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
determines that a Merger Event has occurred]] 
 
Unwind Costs: 
[Standard 
Unwind 
Costs][specify 
other][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to Monoline 
Insurer as Reference Entity: 
Credit Linked Condition 15: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable]  
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
LPN 
Reference Entities: 
Credit Linked Condition 17: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 452 ---
- 452 - 
 
Further terms relating to 
settlement: 
 
(a) 
Fallback 
Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash Settlement/Physical Delivery/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. This only applies where Auction Settlement is 
specified. Otherwise specify as "Not Applicable") 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following][Modified Following][Preceding] 
(c) 
Credit Event Redemption 
Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount][Credit Linked 
Condition 12 (Definitions applicable to Credit 
Linked Notes) applies][Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify as "Not Applicable" if the Settlement 
Method is specified to be Physical Delivery) 
(d) 
Credit Event Redemption 
Date: 
[[         ] Business Days][Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify as "Not Applicable" if the Settlement 
Method is specified to be Physical Delivery) 
(e) 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable][Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
12 
(Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes) 
applies] 
 
[If "Applicable" and a Single Valuation Date applies, 
insert: Single Valuation Date: 
 
[         ] Business Days] 
 
[If "Applicable" and Multiple Valuation Dates apply, 
insert: Multiple Valuation Dates: 
 
[         ] Business Days and each [         ] Business 
Days thereafter 
 
Number of Valuation Dates: [         ]] 
 
(N.B. If Cash Settlement is specified as the Settlement 
Method or the Fallback Settlement Method, specify 
"Applicable". If Physical Delivery is specified as the 
Settlement Method or the Fallback Settlement 
Method, specify that Credit Linked Condition 12 
applies) 
(f) 
Valuation Time: 
[         ][As per the definition in the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(g) 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid][Offer][Mid-market][See 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 9] 
 
(N.B. If Physical Delivery is specified as the 
Settlement Method or the Fallback Settlement 
Method, specify "See Credit Linked Condition 9") 
(h) 
Quotation Amount: 
[         ][Representative Amount][See Credit Linked 
Condition 9]

--- Page 453 ---
- 453 - 
 
(N.B. If Physical Delivery is specified as the 
Settlement Method or the Fallback Settlement 
Method, specify "See Credit Linked Condition 9") 
(i) 
Minimum Quotation 
Amount: 
[         ][As per the definition in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. If Physical Delivery is specified as the 
Settlement Method or the Fallback Settlement 
Method, specify "Not Applicable") 
(j) 
Quotation Dealers: 
[         ][As selected by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(k) 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest][Exclude 
Accrued 
Interest][See 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
12 
(Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes)] 
(l) 
Valuation Method: 
[Market/Highest] 
 
[Average Market/Highest/Average Highest] 
 
[See Credit Linked Condition 9] 
 
(N.B. If Physical Delivery is specified as the 
Settlement Method or the Fallback Settlement 
Method, specify "See Credit Linked Condition 9") 
(m) 
Deliverable Obligations: 
(N.B. 
Specifications 
relating 
to 
Deliverable 
Obligations are required even if the Notes are not 
subject to Physical Delivery) 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment] 
(select one only) 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
[Standard Terms] 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
(select all of which apply) 
[Credit Linked Specified Currency: 
 
[specify currency][Standard Specified Currencies]] 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency 
 
Domestic Currency means: [specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law]

--- Page 454 ---
- 454 - 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
[Direct Loan Participation 
 
Qualifying Participation Seller: [insert details]] 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity: [         ]] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Standard Terms] 
Sovereign 
No 
Asset 
Package Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Standard Terms] 
(n) 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation[s]: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
(o) 
Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. This is only relevant to the partial cash 
settlement provisions for Notes for which Physical 
Delivery is specified as the Settlement Method or the 
Fallback Settlement Method. For such Notes specify 
"Applicable" or "Not Applicable" (as required). For 
all other Notes specify "Not Applicable") 
(p) 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[[         ] Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Standard Terms] 
 
(N.B. This will only apply to Notes for which Physical 
Delivery is specified as the Settlement Method or the 
Fallback Settlement Method) 
(q) 
Settlement Currency: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
(r) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(N.B. This is a date by which Asset Transfer Notices 
are required for timely settlement and will only apply 
to Notes for which Physical Delivery is specified as 
the Settlement Method or the Fallback Settlement 
Method) 
(s) 
Delivery provisions for the 
Asset Amount if different 
[Insert details]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 455 ---
- 455 - 
from 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 21: 
 
Other Terms: 
 
(a) 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Standard Terms] 
(b) 
Financial Reference Entity 
Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Standard Terms] 
(c) 
Reference Obligation Only 
Termination Amount: 
[[         ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. To be specified for the purposes of Credit 
Linked Condition 19 for Reference Obligation Only 
Notes only) 
(d) 
Limited Recourse Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Other terms of special 
conditions: 
[Specify] 
 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit 
Event Provisions: 
Credit Linked Condition 23: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Fallback Discounting: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
Fund Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][for the purposes of 
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
19(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (viii) – Range 
Accrual" applies under item 19(vi)) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
The provisions of Annex 4 of the Terms and 
Conditions (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Fund Linked Notes) shall apply. 
 
Fund/Fund Basket(s): 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
 
[The [specify] Fund is a Mutual Fund] 
 
[The [specify] Fund is a Hedge Fund] 
 
[The [specify] Fund is a Private Equity Fund] 
 
[The [specify] Fund is an Exchange Traded Fund] 
 
Listing of the Fund: 
[             ]

--- Page 456 ---
- 456 - 
 
Authorisation of the Fund: 
[             ] 
 
Fund Shares: 
[specify] 
 
[Weighting: [Not Applicable][The weighting to be 
applied to each Fund Share comprising the Fund 
Basket is [                         ]]] 
 
Exchange:  
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
Related Exchange:  
[specify][All Exchanges][Not Applicable] 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
Exchange Business Day:  
[All Fund Share Basis][Per Fund Share Basis][Single 
Fund Share Basis][Not Applicable] 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
Scheduled Trading Day:  
[All Fund Share Basis][Per Fund Share Basis][Single 
Fund Share Basis][Not Applicable] 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
Strike Date:  
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[specify strike period][Not Applicable][specify Strike 
Days in the Period] 
 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the Notes 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify]] [see paragraph 
[    ] above] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
Omission[Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
[[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to: [specify][five]] 
 
(If not Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five) 
 
Observation Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply 
 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Valuation Time (only applicable to 
ETFs): 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
[Coupon Valuation Date][Redemption Valuation 
Date]][during the Observation Period]] [[specify],

--- Page 457 ---
- 457 - 
being the time specified on the relevant [Coupon 
Valuation Date][Redemption Valuation Date] or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the [Fund Linked Interest Amount] 
[Redemption Amount][As per the Conditions] 
 
(If no time is specified, the Valuation Time will be the 
close of trading on the Exchange) 
 
Fund Service Provider: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Conditions] 
 
Trade Date: 
[            ] 
 
Fund Documents: 
[specify][As per Fund Linked Conditions] 
 
Fund Business Day: 
[(All 
Fund 
Share 
Basis)][(Per 
Fund 
Share 
Basis)][(Single Fund Share Basis)] 
 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Conditions][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify] [Not Applicable] 
 
Hedging Date: 
[            ][Not Applicable] 
 
Calculation Date(s): 
[specify][As set out in per the Fund Linked 
Conditions] [Not Applicable] 
 
AUM Level: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[[  ]%][As per Fund Linked Conditions] [Not 
Applicable] 
 NAV Trigger Period: 
[specify][As per Fund Linked Conditions] [Not 
Applicable] 
 Number of NAV Publication Days: 
[specify][As per Fund Linked Conditions] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[specify][[As per Fund Linked Conditions][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Termination Amount: 
[Principal Protected Termination Amount][Non- 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount][Not 
applicable][specify] 
 
Termination Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 Fee: 
[      ][Not Applicable]  
 Protected Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 Simple Interest Spread: 
[As per Fund Linked Conditions][specify] 
 Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[specify][five] 
 
(lf no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five. Only applicable to ETFs)

--- Page 458 ---
- 458 - 
 Extraordinary Fund Event: 
[In the case of a Private Equity Fund only, insert: 
[          ]] 
[If the Notes are admitted to trading on SeDeX 
Market or EuroTLX, insert: Hedging / Impracticality 
/ Increased Costs Events: Not Applicable] 
 
 
 Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
the 
Occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Fund Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 Additional 
Extraordinary 
Fund 
Event: 
[Not Applicable][ ] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][for the purposes of 
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
19(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (viii) – Range 
Accrual" applies under item 19(vi)) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Base Currency: 
[specify][Not Applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] 
 
Subject Currency/Currencies:  
[specify][Not Applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] [and EM Foreign Exchange Rate Provisions 
apply to such Subject Currency] 
 
Additional Disruption Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Change in Law] [Hedging Disruption] [Increased 
Cost of Hedging] (Hedging Disruption and 
Increased Cost of Hedging should not be specified 
for Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or 
EuroTLX) 
 
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the Notes. 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify]] [see paragraph 
[   ] above] 
 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not Applicable][Specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
[Applicable 
[in 
respect 
of 
[specify 
Subject 
Currencies to which these provisions apply where 
there is a Basket]]][Not Applicable]

--- Page 459 ---
- 459 - 
Provisions do not apply to a 
Settlement Currency: 
 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject 
Currency, complete as relevant for each such Subject 
Currency) 
(a) 
Delayed Redemption on 
the 
Occurrence 
of 
a 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to: [specify][five]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five) 
(d) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Note Condition 6] 
(f) 
Number of Postponement 
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days] [specify] 
 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Provisions apply: 
[Applicable 
[in 
respect 
of 
[specify 
Subject 
Currencies to which these provisions apply where 
there is a Basket]]][Not Applicable] 
 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject 
Currency, complete as relevant for each such Subject 
Currency) 
(a) 
Provisions applicable to 
determining the Settlement 
Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Price 
in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 6 [and [specify the relevant Subject 
Currency where more than one Subject Currency]: 
 
EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: 
[specify] 
[Relevant Screen Page:] [specify] 
(b) 
EM Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance]

--- Page 460 ---
- 460 - 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality, where: 
 
EM 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
[specify][3]% 
 
EM Primary Rate: [specify][The rate 
determined as set out in the definition of 
Settlement Price] 
 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM First 
Fallback 
Reference 
Price 
[and]][EM 
Second Fallback Reference Price]] 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to 
more than one such Subject Currency and different 
EM Disruption Events (or components thereof) also 
apply thereto) 
(c) 
EM Disruption Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
First 
Fallback 
EM 
Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
 
First Fallback EM Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
 
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
Second Fallback EM FX Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
Second Fallback EM Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to 
more than one such Subject Currency and different 
EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) 
also apply thereto) 
(d) 
EM Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[specify] 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to 
more than one such Subject Currency and different 
EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) 
also apply thereto)

--- Page 461 ---
- 461 - 
(e) 
EM Cumulative Events: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable and EM Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to 
more than one such Subject Currency and different 
EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) 
also apply thereto) 
(f) 
EM Number of Settlement 
Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where Settlement Day 
Centre(s) means [specify]] 
(g) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Postponement Settlement 
Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][EM Settlement 
Days] [specify] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO EUA CONTRACT LINKED NOTES 
 
EUA Contract Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][for the purposes of 
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
19(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (viii) – Range 
Accrual" applies under item 19(vi)) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[The provisions of Annex 8 of the Terms and 
Conditions (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
EUA Contract Linked Notes) shall apply.] 
(a) 
EUA 
Contract/EUA 
Contracts/Basket of EUA 
Contracts: 
[specify 
EUA 
Contract/EUA 
Contracts][The 
[futures] contract specified in item (h) below] 
[Relevant Registry: [specify]] 
(b) 
Pricing Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Pricing Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Final Pricing Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Trade Date: 
[     ] 
(h) 
EUA Contract Reference 
Price: 
[specify] [For example: 
For any Pricing Date, that day's Specified Price on 
the [insert] of the EUA Contract] [for the Delivery 
Date], [stated in [currency]] [per][specify quantity 
and commodity][, as made public by][specify] on that 
Pricing Date] 
 
The Price Source is/are []3 
(i) 
EUA Contract Business 
Day 
[EUA 
Contract 
Linked 
Condition 
[1] 
applies][specify] 
                                                     
3  
Delete if using automated EUA Contract Reference Prices.

--- Page 462 ---
- 462 - 
(j) 
Delivery Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(k) 
Nearby Month: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(l) 
Specified Price: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(m) 
Exchange: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(n) 
Valuation Time: 
[Continuous monitoring [specify other] and the 
relevant time on [insert relevant date(s)].]/[specify] 
(o) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[specify] [[] EUA Contract Business Days]4/[As 
per Conditions] 
(p) 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of EUA Contracts is 
[specify]]/[Not applicable] 
(q) 
Rolling Futures Contract 
Notes: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Dislocation Event: [Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
Dislocation Level: [specify]/[As per Conditions]] 
Futures 
Rollover 
[Date/Period]: 
[Not applicable]/[specify] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO REFERENCE ITEM RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
Reference 
Item 
Rate 
Linked 
Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] [for the purposes of 
[determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
19(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (viii) – Range 
Accrual" applies under item 19(vi))], [and][the 
Automatic Early Redemption provisions] 
 
[The [Floating][Fixed] Rate Note Provisions shall 
apply for the purposes of determining the Reference 
Item Rate on the basis of elections in this paragraph 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(If more than one Reference Item Rate is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language: 
"Reference Item Rate [specify] is as follows:" and 
repeat items (i) to (vi) below for each such Reference 
Item Rate) 
 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Item Rate: 
[specify] 
                                                     
4  
Only applicable in respect of EUA Contract Linked Notes linked to a single EUA Contract.

--- Page 463 ---
- 463 - 
(b) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(e.g: Second London business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling 
or euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if 
Sterling LIBOR or Hong Kong dollar HIBOR, the 
second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR 
or euro LIBOR, and the second Hong Kong business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period if CNH 
HIBOR. Where the Rate of Interest is being used 
other than for a Floating Rate Note, ensure that this 
is not specified in respect of an Interest Period and 
the relevant Range Accrual Day may be specified 
where relevant for Range Accrual Notes.) 
(c) 
Relevant Time: 
[specify] 
 
for example 11:00 am, London time/Brussels time, in 
the case of a determination of LIBOR or EURIBOR, 
or 11:15 am, Hong Kong time, in the case of a 
determination of HIBOR or CNH HIBOR 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[specify][For example, London/Euro-zone (where 
Euro-zone means the region comprising the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro)] 
 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
(In the case of a HIBOR or CNH HIBOR based 
option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
 
[Reference Spread: 
[Reference Item Rate [1][2] minus Reference Item 
Rate [1][2]][Not Applicable] 
 
[See paragraph [     ][above][below] 
 
(If a Reference Spread applies for each Interest 
Period, the Reference Spread shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period.)] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[specify] 
[See 
paragraph 
[specify][above][below][Not applicable]

--- Page 464 ---
- 464 - 
 
Business Day: 
As used in this item and for the purpose of 
determining the Reference Item Rate only, "Business 
Day" means [a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
[specify] [A Target2 Settlement Day][[a "U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day", being any 
day except for a Saturday, Sunday or day on which 
the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for the purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO PHYSICAL DELIVERY 
 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery: 
[Applicable][in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions and paragraph 47 above][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable or the Notes are Credit Linked 
Notes, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Entitlement Amount: 
(Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
definitions from Payout Condition 4) 
 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[specify] 
 
Cut-off Date: 
[specify][As specified in Condition 7] 
 
Settlement Business Day(s): 
[specify] 
 
Delivery Agent: 
[specify] of [specify address] 
 
Assessed Value Payment Amount: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Variation of Settlement: 
The Issuer [has][does not have] the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Notes as set out in 
Condition 7(j)(ii). 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO PARTLY PAID NOTES 
 
Partly Paid Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(Conditions will need to be amended if the Partly 
Paid Notes are not Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate 
Notes which are which are not Reference Item Linked 
Notes and US counsel must be consulted if such Notes 
are also intended to be sold to US investors) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Part Payment Amounts and Part 
Payment Dates: 
Part Payment Amount 
Part Payment Date 
 
[specify] 
[Issue Date]

--- Page 465 ---
- 465 - 
 
[specify] 
[specify] 
 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
Notice period for notice to be given 
by the Issuer in respect of each Part 
Payment Date: 
[specify] [5] [Business Days'] notice 
 
Notice period for notice to be given 
by the Issuer in respect of any early 
redemption of the Notes following 
non-payment of any Part Payment 
Amount: 
[specify] [5] [Business Days'] notice 
 
Part Payment Early Redemption 
Date (if any): 
[specify] [5] [Business Days'] following the relevant 
Part Payment Date 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
Form of Notes: 
[Book-Entry Notes: [Uncertificated, dematerialised 
book-entry form notes (anotaciones en cuenta) 
registered with Iberclear] [as managing entity of the 
Central Registry][other registry]][other] 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Temporary Global Note]  
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
[Registered Notes: [Restricted [U.S.] [International] 
Global Note Certificate registered in the name of a 
nominee 
for 
[DTC]] 
[Unrestricted 
[U.S.] 
[International] Global Note Certificate registered in 
the name of a nominee for [DTC/a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure (NSS))]] [Delete as 
applicable] 
 
Additional Business Centres: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert Additional Business 
Centres]  
 
Additional Financial Centre for Condition 
7(i) and other special provisions relating to 
Relevant Business Days: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert Additional Financial 
Centre] [Specify any additional provisions relating 
to Relevant Business Days]  
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not Business Days)

--- Page 466 ---
- 466 - 
 
New Global Note Form: 
[Yes] [No] (Note that Book-Entry Notes and Partly 
Paid Notes may not be issued in New Global Note 
form) 
 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to definitive Bearer Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, insert dates][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: amount 
of each instalment ("Instalment Amount"), 
date on which each payment is to be made 
("Instalment Date"): 
[Not Applicable] [("Instalment Amount" means 
[insert amount] per Calculation Amount and 
"Instalment Date(s)" means [each of] [specify]. [For 
the avoidance of doubt, if any Instalment Date falls 
on or about the due date for the redemption of the 
Notes in full, the Instalment Amount will remain 
payable on the relevant Instalment Date.]] 
 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable][The provisions [in Condition 13 
(Further Issues)] apply] 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[specify] [Banco Santander, S.A.] 
[If the Notes are admitted to trading on SeDeX 
Market or EuroTLX and, further to discussions with 
Borsa 
Italiana, 
if 
applicable, 
insert: 
[The 
Calculation Agent shall make any adjustments in 
accordance with the Conditions solely for the 
purpose of preserving the economic equivalent of the 
Issuer's obligations under the Notes]/[other]] 
 
Modifications: 
[In the case of Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX 
Market or EuroTLX, insert, if applicable: Resolution 
to reduce or cancel the Final Redemption Amount of 
the Notes: Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Renminbi Settlement Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Renminbi Currency Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Event Currency: 
[USD]/[give details] [Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Currency Valuation Time: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. where the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Note provisions also apply then each of (ii), (iii) and 
(iv) above should be not applicable.) 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in these Pricing Supplement. 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 467 ---
- 467 - 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
 
By:  
____________________________ 
By: 
____________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
 
By: 
____________________________ 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 468 ---
- 468 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
LISTING  
 
Listing 
[Insert Listing/None] 
 
Admission to trading 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to listing on [specify market – note this must 
not be a regulated market] with effect from 
[                   ]] 
[Not 
Applicable.] 
[Delete 
as 
applicable] 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[SeDeX Market] / [Euro TLX] with effect from [         ]] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [SeDeX Market] / [Euro TLX] with effect from [  ]] 
 
[N.B.: To be inserted if Notes are listed on the Taipei 
Exchange: Application has [also] been made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
listing and trading on the Taipei Exchange in the 
Republic of China ("TPEx"). Taipei Exchange 
("TPEx") is not responsible for the content of this 
Pricing Supplement, the Base Prospectus [and the 
amendment[s] and/or supplement[s] thereto] and no 
representation is made by TPEx to the accuracy or 
completeness of these Pricing Supplement [and], the 
Base Prospectus [and the amendment[s] and/or 
supplement[s] thereto]. TPEx expressly disclaims any 
and all liability for any losses arising from, or as a 
result of the reliance on, all or part of the contents of 
this Pricing Supplement [and] the Base Prospectus 
[and the amendment[s] and/or supplement[s] thereto]. 
Admission to listing and trading of the Notes on TPEx 
shall not be taken as an indication of the merits of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or the Notes. and the 
supplement[s] thereto No assurance can be given as to 
whether the Notes will be, or will remain, listed on 
TPEx. If the Notes fail to or cease to be listed on TPEx, 
certain investors may not invest in, or continue to hold 
or invest in, the Notes] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
Taipei Exchange ("TPEx") is not responsible for the 
content of this Pricing Supplement, the Base 
Prospectus 
[and 
the 
amendment[s] 
and/or 
supplement[s] thereto] and no representation is made 
by TPEx to the accuracy or completeness of these 
Pricing Supplement [and], the Base Prospectus [and 
the amendment[s] and/or supplement[s] thereto]. 
TPEx expressly disclaims any and all liability for any 
losses arising from, or as a result of the reliance on, 
all or part of the contents of this Pricing Supplement 
[and] the Base Prospectus [and the amendment[s]

--- Page 469 ---
- 469 - 
and/or supplement[s] thereto. Admission to listing and 
trading of the Notes on TPEx shall not be taken as an 
indication of the merits of the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
the Notes 
 
[Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[         ]] 
 
 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of 
the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)] [The 
Notes are not rated] [Delete as applicable] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement: 
"Save as discussed in ["Plan of Distribution"] [and] "General Information", so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
 
[USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Notes are [Green Bonds] [Social Bonds] [Sustainable Bonds] and the net proceeds from the issuance 
of the Notes will be used as described in "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus]] (Insert if applicable) 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[           ] 
Common Code: 
[           ] 
CUSIP Code: 
[           ] 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering 
Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering 
Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A, 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable] 
[Monte Titoli S.p.A. ("Monte Titoli")[, through its 
bridge account with []]]

--- Page 470 ---
- 470 - 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[           ] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[           ] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,] [include this text 
for registered notes held under the NSS]] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[include this text if "yes" selected in which case the 
bearer Global Notes must be issued in NGN form/the 
registered Global Note Certificates must be held under 
the NSS] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,] 
[include this text for Registered Note]. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/ give names] 
 
 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[           ] 
 
US Selling Restrictions 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; [TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]] 
 
Additional Selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 471 ---
- 471 - 
 
[The Notes have not been, and shall not be, offered, 
sold or re-sold, directly or indirectly, to investors other 
than to "professional institutional investors" as defined 
under Paragraph 2, Article 4 of the Financial Consumer 
Protection Act of the ROC. Purchasers of the Notes are 
not permitted to sell or otherwise dispose of the Notes 
except by transfer to a Professional Institutional 
Investor. (Note that this item is to be inserted if Notes 
are admitted to trading on the TPEx)] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable[, other than with respect to offers or sales 
of the Notes, or the Notes otherwise being made 
available, in [specify jurisdiction(s) for which a PRIIPs 
KID is being prepared] [during the period[s] [          ]- 
[          ] 
[repeat 
periods 
as 
necessary]]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable[, other than with respect to offers or sales 
of the Notes, or the Notes otherwise being made 
available, in the United Kingdom, during the period[s] 
[   ]-[   ] [repeat periods as necessary]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
U.S. TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for purposes of 
Section 871(m).] [Based on market conditions on the 
date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has made a 
preliminary determination that the Notes are [not] 
Specified Notes for purposes of Section 871(m). This 
is a preliminary determination only that is subject to 
change based on market conditions on the Issue Date. 
If the Issuer's final determination is different then it 
will give notice of such determination.] [Please contact 
[give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact] for 
further information regarding the application of 
Section 871(m) to the Notes.] (The Notes will not be 
Specified Securities if they (i) are issued prior to 
January 1, 2023 and are not "delta-one" for U.S. tax 
purposes or (ii) do not reference any U.S. equity or any 
index that contains any component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. 
equities. If the Notes reference a U.S. equity or an 
index that contains a component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. 
equities and (i) are issued prior to January 1, 2023 and 
provide a return that does not differ significantly from 
the return on an investment in the underlying, or (ii) 
are issued on or after January 1, 2023, further analysis 
would be required.) 
 
 
[ROC TAXATION] 
 
[N.B.: To be inserted if Notes are listed on the Taipei 
Exchange: The following is a general description of the 
principal of the ROC tax consequences for investors 
receiving interest in respect of, or disposing of, the 
Notes and is of a general nature based on the Issuer's 
understanding of current law and practice. It does not

--- Page 472 ---
- 472 - 
purport to be comprehensive and does not constitute 
legal or tax advice. 
This general description is based upon the law as in 
effect on the date hereof and that the Notes will be 
issued, offered, sold and re-sold, directly or indirectly, 
to professional institutional investors as defined under 
Paragraph 2, Article 4 of the Financial Consumer 
Protection Act of the ROC only. This description is 
subject to change potentially with retroactive effect. 
Investors should appreciate that, as a result of changing 
law or practice, the tax consequences may be otherwise 
than as stated below. Investors should consult their 
professional advisers on the possible tax consequences 
of subscribing for, purchasing, holding or selling the 
Notes.] 
 
Interest on the Notes 
As the Issuer is not an ROC statutory tax withholder, 
there is no ROC withholding tax on the interest [or 
deemed interest] to be paid on the Notes. 
ROC corporate holders must include the interest 
[or deemed interest]5 receivable under the Notes as part 
of their taxable income and pay income tax at a flat rate 
of 20 per cent. (unless the total taxable income for a 
fiscal year is under NT$120,000), as they are subject to 
income tax on their worldwide income on an accrual 
basis. The alternative minimum tax ("AMT") is not 
applicable. 
Sale of the Notes 
In general, the sale of corporate bonds or financial 
bonds is subject to a 0.1 per cent. securities transaction 
tax ("STT") on the transaction price. However, Article 
2-1 of the Securities Transaction Tax Act prescribes 
that STT will cease to be levied on the sale of corporate 
bonds and financial bonds from 1 January 2010 to 31 
December 2026. Therefore, the sale of the Notes will 
be exempt from STT if the sale is conducted on or 
before 31 December 2026. Starting from 1 January 
2027, any sale of the Notes will be subject to STT at 
0.1 per cent. of the transaction price, unless otherwise 
provided by the tax laws that may be in force at that 
time. 
Capital gains generated from the sale of bonds are 
exempt from income tax. Accordingly, ROC corporate 
holders are not subject to income tax on any capital 
gains generated from the sale of the Notes. However, 
ROC corporate holders should include the capital gains 
in calculating their basic income for the purpose of 
calculating their AMT. If the amount of the AMT 
exceeds the ordinary income tax calculated pursuant to 
the Income Basic Tax Act of the ROC (also known as 
the AMT Act), the excess becomes the ROC corporate 
holders' AMT payable. Capital losses, if any, incurred 
                                                     
5  
Applicable for Zero Coupon Notes only.

--- Page 473 ---
- 473 - 
by such holders may be carried over 5 years to offset 
against capital gains of the same category of income 
for the purposes of calculating their AMT. 
 
[Specify] 
 
 
[ROC SETTLEMENT AND TRADING] 
 
[N.B.: To be inserted if Notes are listed on the Taipei 
Exchange: An investor with a securities book-entry 
account with a ROC securities broker and a foreign 
currency deposit account with a ROC bank may 
request the approval of the Taiwan Depositary & 
Clearing Corporation ("TDCC") to the settlement of 
the Notes through the account of TDCC with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and if such 
approval is granted by the TDCC, the Notes may be so 
cleared and settled. In such circumstances, TDCC will 
allocate the respective Notes position to the securities 
book-entry account designated by such investor in the 
ROC. The Notes will be traded and settled pursuant to 
the applicable rules and operating procedures of 
TDCC and the TPEx as domestic bonds.   
In addition, an investor may apply to TDCC (by filing 
in a prescribed form) to transfer the Notes in its own 
account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
to the TDCC account with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for trading in the domestic market or vice 
versa for trading in overseas markets. 
For such investors who hold their interests in the Notes 
through an account opened and held by TDCC with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, distributions 
of principal and/or interest for the Notes to such 
holders may be made by payment services banks 
whose systems are connected to TDCC to the foreign 
currency deposit accounts of the holders. Such 
payment is expected to be made on the second ROC 
business day following TDCC's receipt of such 
payment (due to time difference, the payment is 
expected to be received by TDCC one ROC business 
day after the distribution date). However, when the 
holders will actually receive such distributions may 
vary depending upon the daily operations of the ROC 
banks with which the holder has the foreign currency 
deposit account.]  
 
 
SPECIFIC 
BASIS 
BUY-BACK 
PROVISIONS 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraph 
of this paragraph 10) 
(The Specific Basis Buy-Back Provisions may only 
apply where Banco Santander, S.A. acts as the sole 
Dealer and the Calculation Agent and where the 
Specified Denomination in respect of each Note is 
equal to at least Euro 100,000 (or its equivalent 
amount in the Specified Currency))

--- Page 474 ---
- 474 - 
[The value of the Notes prior to the Maturity Date shall 
reflect and shall be calculated on the basis of but will 
not necessarily be the same as the Market Value of the 
Underlying Transactions if any at the relevant time. 
In the event that the Issuer accepts a request to buy-
back the Notes, the price at which the Issuer will buy-
back the Notes (the "Buy-Back Price") will be 
determined taking into consideration but will not 
necessarily be the same as the Market Value of the 
Underlying Transactions.] 
(a) 
Notice period: 
[Not less than] [[5/[]] Business Days][specify] 
• 
Underlying Transactions: 
Information relating to: 
(i) the calculation of the interest basis in respect of the 
Notes (unbundling), in particular, information 
relating to the Extra-Yield (being the additional 
remuneration paid in respect of the Notes compared 
to other debt instruments with equivalent payments 
but to which the Specific Basis Buy-Back 
Provisions do not apply); and  
(ii) the Underlying Transactions, if any, and any 
changes thereto,  
shall be published on [[]] [the website of Euronext 
Dublin (www.live.euronext.com)] [specify alternative 
method of publication]. 
• 
Issuer contact details for notices: 
Santander International Products Public Limited 
Company 
[specify address] 
[specify e-mail]] 
 
[SOFR 
Include where the Notes reference SOFR: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse or recommend any 
products or services offered by the Issuer.]

--- Page 475 ---
- 475 - 
FORM OF NOTES 
General 
Unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Notes shall be represented initially by one 
or more Notes in global form.  
Registered Notes shall be represented initially by one or more global Notes in registered form, without Coupons 
(each, a "Global Note Certificate"). 
If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, Registered Notes may be represented, in whole or in part, by 
a U.S. Global Note Certificate (as defined below), that is registered in the name of DTC, as depositary, or a 
successor or nominee thereof, and which shall be deposited on behalf of the purchasers thereof with a custodian 
for DTC. Beneficial interests in the Restricted U.S. Global Note Certificates and Unrestricted U.S. Global Note 
Certificates (each as defined below) shall be represented through book-entry accounts of financial institutions 
acting on behalf of beneficial owners as direct and indirect participants in DTC. Purchasers of Notes may elect to 
hold interests in Restricted U.S. Global Note Certificates or, as the case may be, Unrestricted U.S. Global Note 
Certificates through any of DTC (in the United States), Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear if they are 
participants in such systems or indirectly through organisations which are participants in such systems. 
If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, Registered Notes may be represented, in whole or in part, by 
an International Global Note Certificate (as defined below) that is deposited with or on behalf of a common 
depositary or, in the case of an International Global Note Certificate to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure (as defined below), a common safekeeper, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or a nominee 
thereof for credit to the respective accounts of beneficial owners of the Notes represented thereby. Beneficial 
interests in the Restricted International Global Note Certificates and Unrestricted International Global Note 
Certificates (each as defined below) shall be represented through book-entry accounts of participants in Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Purchasers of Notes may elect to hold interests in Restricted International 
Global Note Certificates or, as the case may be, Unrestricted International Global Note Certificates through any 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg if they are participants in such systems or indirectly through 
organisations which are participants in such systems. International Global Note Certificates will be subject to the 
restrictions and procedures referred to under "International Global Note Certificates" below. 
Bearer Notes shall be represented initially by a temporary global Note in bearer form, without Coupons (a 
"Temporary Global Note"), which shall be deposited (a) in the case of a global Note which is not intended to be 
issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms, with or on behalf of a common depositary located outside the United States for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (b) in the case of a global Note which is intended to be issued in new global note 
form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Beneficial interests in such Temporary 
Global Note shall be exchangeable for beneficial interests in a permanent global Note in bearer form, without 
coupons (a "Permanent Global Note" and each of a Temporary Global Note and a Permanent Global Note, a 
Global Note"), in an equal aggregate principal amount, not earlier than the 40th day after the applicable closing 
date upon certification of non-U.S. ownership, as set forth in the Programme Manual. Such exchange will be made 
upon certification to the effect that the holder is (i) a person that is not a United States person, (ii) a United States 
person that is (A) a foreign branch of a United States financial institution (as defined in United States Treasury 
Regulations Section 1.165-12(c)(l)(iv)) subscribing for or purchasing for its own account or for resale or (B) a 
United States person who acquired Notes through a foreign branch of a United States financial institution and who 
holds the Notes through such financial institution on the date of such certification (and in each case (A) or (B), 
that the financial institution agrees to comply with the requirements of section 165(j)(3)(A), (B) or (C) of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the United States Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder) 
or (iii) a financial institution that acquired Notes for purposes of resale during the restricted period (as defined in 
United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(7) (or any successor United States Treasury 
Regulations Section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
of 2010)), and such financial institution certifies that it has not acquired the Notes for purposes of resale directly 
or indirectly within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person. A financial institution, 
whether or not described in (i) or (ii) above, that purchases Notes for purposes of resale during the restricted 
period, may only give the certification described in (iii) above. Except in the limited circumstances described 
below or as otherwise set forth in the Applicable Transaction Terms, owners of beneficial interests in the Global

--- Page 476 ---
- 476 - 
Notes shall not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. For details of how Notes may be transferred see 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Condition 2 (Form, Denomination and Title)". 
In the United States securities market, the presumption is that settlement of all trades of Notes will occur on the 
basis of the trade date plus two business days. 
Registered Notes may be evidenced by one or more Global Note Certificates in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Notes of such Series, which shall be exchangeable in the limited circumstances 
described below for Registered Notes in definitive form, each evidenced by an individual note certificate (an 
"Individual Note Certificate"). 
Bearer Notes will initially be issued in the form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, in an initial 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes of such Series, which shall be exchangeable 
as described below. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in New Global Note form ("NGN") or the 
International Global Note Certificates are held under the New Safekeeping Structure ("NSS"), as the case may be, 
the Applicable Transaction Terms will also indicate whether or not such Global Notes or International Global 
Note Certificates are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication 
that the Global Notes or the International Global Note Certificates are so held does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for NGNs and 
International Global Note Certificates which are held under NSS will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or another entity approval by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Global Note Certificates 
General 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, Registered Notes of the same Series 
will be represented, in whole or in part, by either (i) a Restricted Global Note Certificate and/or an Unrestricted 
Global Note Certificate that is registered in the name of a nominee for DTC and deposited on or about the relevant 
issue date with the custodian for DTC, for credit to the respective accounts of beneficial owners of the Notes 
represented thereby (respectively, a "Restricted U.S. Global Note Certificate" and an "Unrestricted U.S. 
Global Note Certificate" and each a "U.S. Global Note Certificate") or (ii) a Restricted Global Note Certificate 
and/or an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate that is either (a) registered in the name of a common depositary (or 
its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and deposited on or about the relevant issue date with 
such common depositary (in the case of a Certificate that is not to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure), 
or (b) registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and deposited on or about the relevant issue date with such common safekeeper (in the case of a 
Certificate that is to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure), in each case for credit to the respective 
accounts of beneficial owners of the Notes represented thereby (respectively, a "Restricted International Global 
Note Certificate" and an "Unrestricted International Global Note Certificate" and each an "International 
Global Note Certificate"). 
U.S. Global Note Certificates and International Global Note Certificates will be sold in reliance on specific 
registration exemptions of the Securities Act. U.S. Global Note Certificates will be subject to special restrictions 
and procedures referred to under "U.S. Global Note Certificates " below, and International Registered Global 
Notes will be subject to special restrictions and procedures referred to under "International Global Note 
Certificates" below. 
U.S. Global Note Certificates 
Notes that are sold in reliance on Rule 144A will be represented by a Restricted U.S. Global Note Certificate, 
unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. A Restricted U.S. Global Note Certificate in the 
form provided in the Programme Manual (and any Notes issued in exchange therefor) will be subject to certain 
restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear the legend regarding such restrictions described under 
"Transfer Restrictions".  
Registered Notes that are sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by an 
Unrestricted U.S. Global Note Certificate, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. On or

--- Page 477 ---
- 477 - 
prior to the 40th day after the later of the commencement of the offering and the date of delivery of the Notes 
represented by an Unrestricted U.S. Global Note Certificate, a beneficial interest therein may be transferred to a 
person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Restricted U.S. Global Note Certificate of the same Series, 
but only upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification from the transferor (in the form provided in the 
Programme Manual) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person who the transferor reasonably 
believes is purchasing for its own account or accounts as to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that 
such person and each such account is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A, in each case in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the 
United States or any other jurisdiction. After such 40th day, such certification requirement will no longer apply 
to such transfers. 
Beneficial interests in a Restricted U.S. Global Note Certificate may be transferred to a person who takes delivery 
in the form(s) of an interest in an Unrestricted U.S. Global Note Certificate of the same Series, whether before, 
on or after such 40th day, but only upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification from the transferor (in 
the form provided in the Programme Manual) to the effect that such transfer is being made outside the United 
States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act or pursuant to the exemption from 
registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) and that, if such transfer occurs on or 
prior to such 40th day, the interest transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Any beneficial interest in a U.S. Global Note that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of a 
beneficial interest in another U.S. Global Note Certificate of the same Series will, upon transfer, cease to be a 
beneficial interest in the first mentioned U.S. Global Note Certificate, will become a beneficial interest in such 
other U.S. Global Note Certificate and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions and other 
procedures applicable to beneficial interests in such other U.S. Global Note Certificate for as long as it remains 
such a beneficial interest. 
Book-Entry System (DTC) 
Upon the issuance of a U.S. Global Note Certificate, DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal system, the 
respective principal amount of the individual beneficial interests represented by such U.S. Global Note Certificate 
to the accounts of persons who have accounts with DTC. Ownership of beneficial interests in a U.S. Global Note 
Certificate will be limited to persons who have accounts with DTC (including Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg), or persons who hold interests through participants. Ownership of beneficial interests in a U.S. 
Global Note Certificate will be shown on, and the transfer of that ownership will be effected only through, records 
maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to interests of participants) and the records of participants (with 
respect to interests of persons other than participants), which may include Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as described below. 
So long as DTC, or its nominee, is the registered holder of a U.S. Global Note Certificate, DTC or such nominee, 
as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner and holder of the Notes represented by such U.S. Global 
Note Certificate for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and the Notes. Unless DTC notifies the Issuer that 
it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for such Note, or ceases to be a "clearing agency" registered 
under the Exchange Act, or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to such Note, DTC is 
at any time unwilling or unable to continue as a depositary and a successor depositary is not appointed by the 
Issuer within 90 days or, in respect of an Unrestricted U.S. Global Note Certificate only, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days or announces an intention to 
permanently cease business or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to such Note, the 
Issuer will (i) issue Restricted Individual Note Certificates in exchange for the relevant Restricted U.S. Global 
Note Certificate and/or (ii) issue an Unrestricted Individual Note Certificate in exchange for the relevant 
Unrestricted U.S. Global Note Certificates. In the case of Restricted Individual Note Certificates issued in 
exchange for Restricted U.S. Global Note Certificates, such Restricted Individual Note Certificates will bear, and 
be subject to, the legend described under "Transfer Restrictions". Except in the limited circumstances described 
in this paragraph, owners of beneficial interests in a U.S. Global Note Certificate will not be entitled to receive 
physical delivery of Individual Note Certificates. In addition, no beneficial owner of an interest in a U.S. Global 
Note Certificate will be able to transfer that interest except in accordance with DTC's applicable procedures (in 
addition to those under the Agency Agreement and, if applicable, those of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as participants of DTC). 
Investors may hold their interests in an Unrestricted U.S. Global Note Certificate through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as participants of DTC), if they are participants in such systems, or indirectly through

--- Page 478 ---
- 478 - 
organisations which are participants in such systems. Beginning 40 days after the later of the commencement of 
the offering and the date of delivery of the Notes represented by such Unrestricted U.S. Global Note Certificate 
(but not earlier), investors may also hold such interests through organisations other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg that are participants in the DTC system. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
hold interests in an Unrestricted U.S. Global Note Certificate on behalf of their participants through customers' 
securities accounts in their respective names on the books of their respective depositaries, which in turn will hold 
such interests in customers' securities accounts in the depositaries' names on the books of DTC. 
Investors may hold their interests in a Restricted U.S. Global Note Certificate directly through DTC, if they are 
participants in such system, or indirectly through organisations which are participants in such system. 
Payments of the principal of and any premium, interest, and other amounts on any U.S. Global Note Certificate 
will be made to DTC or its nominee, as the registered owner thereof. Neither the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Registrar, the Transfer Agent nor any Paying Agent will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in a U.S. Global Note Certificate 
or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
The Issuer expects that DTC or its nominee, upon receipt of any payment in respect of a U.S. Global Note 
Certificate held by it or its nominee, will immediately credit participants' accounts with payments in amounts 
proportionate to their respective beneficial interests in the principal amount of such U.S. Global Note Certificate 
as shown on the records of DTC or its nominee. The Issuer also expects that payments by participants to owners 
of beneficial interests in a U.S. Global Note Certificate held through such participants will be governed by standing 
instructions and customary practices, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of customers 
registered in the names of nominees for such customers. Such payments will be the responsibility of such 
participants. 
Transfers between participants in DTC will be effected in accordance with DTC's procedures and will be settled 
in same-day funds. The laws of some states of the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery 
of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer beneficial interests in a U.S. Global Note 
Certificate to such persons may be limited. Because DTC can only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act 
on behalf of indirect participants and certain banks, the ability of a person having a beneficial interest in a U.S. 
Global Note Certificate to pledge such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system, or 
otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be affected by the lack of a physical certificate of such 
interest. Transfers between participants in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in the ordinary 
way in accordance with their respective rules and operating procedures. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes described above, cross-market transfers 
between DTC, on the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
participants, on the other hand, will be effected in DTC in accordance with DTC rules on behalf of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, by its respective depositary; however, such crossmarket 
transactions will require delivery of instructions to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
by the counterparty in such system in accordance with its rules and procedures and within its established deadlines. 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will, if the transaction meets its settlement 
requirements, deliver instructions to its respective depositary to take action to effect final settlement on its behalf 
by delivering or receiving interests in any U.S. Global Note Certificate in DTC, and making or receiving payment 
in accordance with normal procedures for same-day funds settlement applicable to DTC. Euroclear participants 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg participants may not deliver instructions directly to the depositaries for Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Because of time zone differences, the securities account of a Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg participant 
purchasing an interest in a U.S. Global Note Certificate from a DTC participant will be credited during the 
securities settlement processing day (which must be a business day for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be) immediately following the DTC settlement date and such credit of any transactions in interests 
in a U.S. Global Note Certificate settled during such processing day will be reported to the relevant Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg participant on such day. Cash received in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as a 
result of sales of interests in a U.S. Global Note Certificate by or through a Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
participant will be received for value on the DTC settlement date but will be available in the relevant Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg cash account only as of the business day following settlement in DTC. 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of a U.S. Global Note 
Certificate (including the presentation of Notes for exchange as described below) only at the direction of one or

--- Page 479 ---
- 479 - 
more participants to whose account with DTC interests in such U.S. Global Note Certificate are credited and only 
in respect of such portion of the aggregate principal amount of such U.S. Global Note Certificate as to which such 
participant or participants has or have given such direction. However, if there is an Event of Default under a U.S. 
Global Note Certificate, DTC will exchange such U.S. Global Note Certificate for Individual Note Certificates, 
which it will distribute to its participants. 
DTC has advised the Issuer as follows: DTC is a limited purpose trust company organised under the laws of the 
State of New York, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the 
Uniform Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the 
Exchange Act. DTC was created to hold securities for its participants and facilitate the clearance and settlement 
of securities transactions between participants through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of its 
participants, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. Participants include securities 
brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations and may include certain other organisations. 
Indirect access to the DTC system is available to others such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies that 
clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a participant, either directly or indirectly. 
Although DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have agreed to the foregoing procedures in order to 
facilitate transfers of interests in the U.S. Global Note Certificates among participants of DTC, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and 
such procedures may be discontinued at any time. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will have any responsibility 
for the performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective participants or indirect 
participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
International Global Note Certificates  
If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, Registered Notes sold to qualified institutional buyers in 
reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act will initially be represented, in whole or in part, by a Restricted 
International Global Note Certificate. If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, Registered Notes sold 
to non-U.S. persons outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will be represented, in whole or in part, 
by an Unrestricted International Global Note Certificate. International Global Note Certificates will be either (i) 
registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and deposited on or about the relevant issue date with such common depositary (in the case of a Certificate that is 
not to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure), or (ii) registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or 
its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and deposited on or about the relevant issue date with 
such common safekeeper (in the case of a Certificate that is to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure), in 
each case for credit to the respective accounts of beneficial owners of the Notes represented thereby. 
Investors may hold their interests in an International Global Note Certificate through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, if they are participants in such systems, or indirectly through organisations that are participants in 
such systems. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will hold interests in an International Global Note 
Certificate on behalf of their participants through customers' securities accounts in their respective names on the 
books of their respective depositaries or safekeepers, as applicable. 
So long as the common depositary, or, in the case of a Certificate to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, 
the common safekeeper, or the relevant nominee, is the registered holder of an International Global Note 
Certificate, the common depositary, common safekeeper or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered 
the sole owner and holder of the Notes represented by the relevant International Global Note Certificate for all 
purposes under the Agency Agreement and such Notes. Holders of beneficial interests in an International Global 
Note Certificate will not be entitled to have any portion of such International Global Note Certificate registered 
in their names, will not receive or be entitled to receive delivery of Individual Note Certificates in exchange for 
their interests in an International Global Note Certificate and will not be considered the owners or holders of such 
International Global Note Certificate (or any Notes represented thereby) under the Agency Agreement or the 
Notes. In addition, no beneficial owner of an interest in an International Global Note Certificate will be able to 
transfer that interest except in accordance with applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(in addition to those under the Agency Agreement referred to herein). 
Payments of the principal of and any premium, interest and other amounts on any International Global Note 
Certificate will be made to the common depositary, common safekeeper or its nominee as the registered owner 
thereof. Neither the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent nor any Paying Agent will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial

--- Page 480 ---
- 480 - 
ownership interests in an International Global Note Certificate or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
The Issuer expects that each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, upon receipt of any such payment in 
respect of an International Global Note Certificate represented by a Global Note Certificate held by a common 
depositary or common safekeeper (or its nominee), will immediately credit participants' accounts with payments 
in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial interests in the principal amount of the International Global 
Note Certificate evidenced by such Global Note Certificate as shown on the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. The Issuer also expects that payments by participants to owners of beneficial 
interests in an International Global Note Certificate held through such participants will be governed by standing 
instructions and customary practices, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of customers 
registered in the names of nominees for such customers. Such payments will be the responsibility of such 
participants. 
Transfers between participants in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the 
rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be settled in immediately available funds. 
International Global Note Certificates will bear a legend to the effect set forth in "Transfer Restrictions". Book-
entry interests in International Global Note Certificates will be subject to the restrictions on transfers and 
certification requirements discussed under "Transfer Restrictions". 
Transfer of ownership interests in a Restricted International Global Note Certificate ("Restricted Book-Entry 
Interests") to persons wishing to take delivery of Restricted Book-Entry Interests will at all times be subject to 
such transfer restrictions. 
Restricted Book-Entry Interests may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of any ownership 
interests in an Unrestricted International Global Note Certificate ("Unrestricted Book-Entry Interests") only 
upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the Programme Manual) to the 
effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S or Rule 144 (if available) under the 
Securities Act. Prior to 40 days after the date of initial issuance of the Notes, ownership of Unrestricted Book-
Entry Interests will be limited to persons that have accounts with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
persons who hold interests through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and any sale or transfer of such interest 
to U.S. persons shall not be permitted during such period unless such resale or transfer is made pursuant to Rule 
144A. 
Unrestricted Book-Entry Interests may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of Restricted 
Book-Entry Interests only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the 
Programme Manual) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person who the transferor reasonably 
believes is a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A or otherwise in accordance with the transfer restrictions described under "Transfer 
Restrictions" and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any other jurisdiction. 
Any beneficial interest in an International Global Note Certificate that is transferred to a person who takes delivery 
in the form of a beneficial interest in another International Global Note Certificate will, upon transfer, cease to be 
a beneficial interest in the first mentioned International Global Note Certificate and will become a beneficial 
interest in such other International Global Note Certificate and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all 
transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable to beneficial interests in such other International 
Global Note Certificate for as long as it remains such a beneficial interest. 
Modifications to the Conditions of Notes represented by Global Note Certificates 
Payments: Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 7(b) (Payments, Talons and Physical Delivery – 
Registered Notes), the "Record Date" for the purposes of payments in respect of Registered Notes represented by 
Global Note Certificates shall be the close of business (in the relevant clearing system), on the Clearing System 
Business Day before the due date for payment thereof, where "Clearing System Business Day" means a day on 
which each clearing system for which the Registered Note is being held is open for business. 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 14 (Notices), so long as a Global Note Certificate is held on behalf of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any other clearing system, notices to Noteholders of Notes 
represented by the Global Note Certificate may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or (as the case may be) such other clearing system and, in any case, such notices 
shall be deemed to have been given in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear,

--- Page 481 ---
- 481 - 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC and/or such other clearing system. In addition, for so long as such Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required 
by those rules. 
Exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 6(e) (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Options) in respect of some but not all of the Notes, the Notes 
represented by the relevant Global Note Certificate may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by 
the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions, and the Notes to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with 
the standard rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (this shall be recorded in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their 
discretion) or DTC or any other clearing system (as the case may be). 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders and holders' Exercise of Noteholder's Options) the registered holder must, within the time limits 
relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions, give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, stating the principal amount of 
Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same time presenting the relevant Global Note 
Certificate to the Principal Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent for notation. Any such notice shall be irrevocable 
and may not be withdrawn. 
Physical Delivery in relation to International Global Note Certificates: In order to obtain delivery of any 
Entitlement in respect of any Physical Delivery Note represented by an International Global Note Certificate, any 
Asset Transfer Notice should be delivered to the Principal Paying Agent in the manner acceptable to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg which is expected to be by authenticated SWIFT message and must include an 
irrevocable instruction to the relevant clearing system to debt the relevant securities account with the relevant 
Notes on or before the date of delivery of the Entitlement. 
Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes shall initially be issued in the form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, in an initial 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes of such Series, which shall be exchangeable, 
unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, (i) for a Permanent Global Note, without Coupons 
attached, which shall in turn be exchangeable (in whole, but not in part) in limited circumstances in the form of 
definitive Bearer Notes, with or without Coupons attached, or for interests in a Certificate of such Series, (ii) in 
whole but not in part, directly for definitive Bearer Notes, with or without Coupons attached, which shall in turn 
be exchangeable at the option of the Noteholder for interests in a Certificate of such Series or (iii) directly for 
interests in a Certificate. Purchasers in the United States (including its territories, its possessions and other areas 
subject to its jurisdiction) will not be able to receive Bearer Notes. 
The Principal Paying Agent shall deliver each Temporary Global Note executed and authenticated: (1) in the case 
of a Classic Global Note, to the common depositary; or (2) in the case of an NGN, to the common safekeeper in 
each case for the benefit of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for credit against payment in immediately 
available funds on the date of settlement to the respective accounts of the holders of the Notes of the Series 
represented by such Temporary Global Note. 
The bearer of a Global Note will be considered the sole owner and holder of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and such Notes. Owners of beneficial interests in a Global 
Note will not be considered the owners or holders of such Global Note (or any Notes represented thereby) under 
the Agency Agreement or the Notes. In addition, no beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Note will be able 
to transfer that interest except in accordance with applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (in addition to those under the Agency Agreement referred to herein). 
Payments of the principal of and any premium, interest and other amounts on any Global Note will be made to 
the bearer thereof. Neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any Paying Agent will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in a Global 
Note or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
The Issuer expects that each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, upon receipt of any such payment in 
respect of a Global Note held by a common depositary or its nominee or by a common safekeeper, will

--- Page 482 ---
- 482 - 
immediately credit participants' accounts with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial 
interests in the principal amount of such Global Note as shown on the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. The Issuer also expects that payments by participants to owners of beneficial 
interests in a Global Note held through such participants will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of customers registered in the names of nominees 
for such customers. Such payments will be the responsibility of such participants. 
On or after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is the earlier of (i) the first Business Day following the 
expiration of a period of 40 days after the date on which the Notes of such Series were issued and (ii) the first day 
on which interest, if any, is paid on the Notes of such Series, beneficial interests in the Temporary Global Note of 
a Series as to which the Principal Paying Agent has received certification as to the non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
thereof as required by United States Treasury Regulations and as set forth in the Programme Manual, interests in 
the Temporary Global Note will, upon presentation thereof to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent, be 
exchanged (i) for interests in a Permanent Global Note of such Series, (ii) directly for interests in a Global Note 
Certificate of such Series, or (iii) in whole but not in part, directly for one or more definitive Bearer Notes of the 
same Series, in each case pursuant to the procedures set forth in the next paragraph, with respect to that portion 
of such Temporary Global Note; provided, however, that, if definitive Bearer Notes and (if applicable) Coupons 
have already been issued in exchange for a portion of such Temporary Global Note or for all of the Notes 
represented for the time being by such Permanent Global Note because Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg do not regard the Permanent Global Note to be fungible with such definitive Bearer Notes, then such 
Temporary Global Note may only thereafter be exchanged for definitive Bearer Notes and (if applicable) Coupons 
pursuant to the terms of the Agency Agreement and of such Notes.  
If the Applicable Transaction Terms specifies that a Temporary Global Note is exchangeable for definitive Bearer 
Notes or a Permanent Global Note becomes exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of definitive Bearer Notes (or, as described below, Certificates) to 
the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting exchange, and, in the case of a 
Temporary Global Note in respect of which the Applicable Transaction Terms specifies that the D Rules are 
applicable, upon receipt of the certifications required by United States Treasury Regulations referred to above. 
Any definitive Bearer Note delivered in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Temporary Global Note or 
Permanent Global Note shall bear substantially the same legends as are set forth on the face of the Temporary or 
Permanent Global Note for which it was exchanged. No Bearer Note may be delivered nor may any interest be 
paid on any Bearer Note until the person entitled to receive such Bearer Note or such interest furnishes the 
certifications required by United States Treasury Regulations referred to above. 
Where the Applicable Transaction Terms specifies that the Notes are "Exchangeable Bearer Notes" then, upon 
the conditions set out in the Agency Agreement, Permanent Global Notes and definitive Bearer Notes representing 
such Notes may be exchanged for the same aggregate principal amount of Individual Note Certificates of the same 
Series in authorised denominations, or, if so indicated in the Applicable Transaction Terms, for beneficial interests 
in a Global Note Certificate, at the request in writing of the Holder and, in the case of an exchange of definitive 
Bearer Notes, upon surrender of such definitive Bearer Notes to be exchanged (together with all unmatured 
Coupons, if any, relating to it) to the specified office of the Registrar, its duly authorised agent or any other 
Transfer Agent. Where, however, an Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for any payment of interest or any Instalment Amount, or such other 
record Date as may be applicable, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest or Receipt in respect of that 
Instalment Amount need not be surrendered with it.  
No holder of any Note may require a Permanent Global Note or definitive Bearer Note to be exchanged for a 
Registered Note during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal on that Note. 
Notes issued pursuant to the exchanges described above will be available from the specified office of the Registrar, 
its duly authorised agent or any other Transfer Agent (including the Transfer Agent located in Luxembourg). 
Subject as provided below, until exchanged in full, Global Notes of a Series shall in all respects be entitled to the 
same benefits under the Agency Agreement as definitive Bearer Notes of such Series authenticated and delivered 
thereunder, except that principal of and any premium, interest, additional amounts and other amounts on a 
Temporary Global Note will not be payable unless a certification, as described herein, is given by the persons 
appearing in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the owner of the Temporary Global Note or 
portions thereof being presented for payment, and unless a corresponding certification by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg shall have been delivered prior to each such date on which such amounts are to be paid.

--- Page 483 ---
- 483 - 
Modifications to the Conditions of Notes represented by Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global 
Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 14 (Notices), while any Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note 
or a Permanent Global Note deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be 
given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system except that for so long as such Notes are listed on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin and its rules so require, notices will also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation 
in Ireland (which is expected to be the Financial Times).  
In relation to the Permanent Global Note only: 
Exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 6(e) (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Options) in respect of some but not all of the Notes, the Permanent 
Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (this shall be recorded in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion) or any other clearing system (as the case 
may be). 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders and holders' Exercise of Noteholder's Options) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within 
the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions, give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent stating the 
principal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same time presenting the 
Permanent Global Note to the Principal Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent for notation. Any such notice shall 
be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Physical Delivery: In order to obtain delivery of any Entitlement in respect of any Physical Delivery Note 
represented by a Global Note, any Asset Transfer Notice should be delivered to the Principal Paying Agent in the 
manner acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg which is expected to be by authenticated SWIFT 
message and must include an irrevocable instruction to the relevant clearing system to debt the relevant securities 
account with the relevant Notes on or before the date of delivery of the Entitlement. 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Global Notes and definitive Bearer Notes and any related 
Coupons or Talons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code." 
The sections referred to in the above legend provide that a United States taxpayer, with certain exceptions, will 
not be permitted to deduct any loss, and will not be eligible for capital gains treatment with respect to any gain 
realised on any sale, exchange or redemption of Bearer Notes or any related Coupons. 
Notwithstanding any other provision herein, Bearer Notes with maturities of one year or less may be issued. 
Book-Entry Notes 
Book-Entry Notes admitted to trading on AIAF and other Spanish regulated markets 
Notes may be issued in uncertificated, dematerialised book-entry form (anotaciones en cuenta) ("Book-Entry 
Notes"). Book-Entry Notes which are admitted to trading on the AIAF Fixed Income Securities Market ("AIAF") 
of the Spanish Stock Exchange will be issued as "anotaciones en cuenta" and registered with Sociedad de Gestión 
de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A., Unipersonal ("Iberclear") as 
managing entity of the Central Registry. Such Book-Entry Notes will be constituted as such by virtue of their 
entry in the corresponding accounting book of Iberclear.

--- Page 484 ---
- 484 - 
The holders of Book-Entry Notes which are admitted to trading on AIAF will be identified as such (on their own 
account or for the account of third parties) in the accounting book maintained by Iberclear or the relevant member 
(entidad participante) of Iberclear ("Iberclear Member") (as the case may be). The clearing and settlement of 
the Book-Entry Notes which are admitted to trading on AIAF will be carried out in accordance with the operating 
rules that are established by or in the future may be approved by Iberclear.  
Payments to be made in respect of Book-Entry Notes which are admitted to trading on AIAF will be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) to Iberclear or the relevant Iberclear Member (as the case may be), in whose records such 
Book-Entry Notes are registered, in accordance with Iberclear's current procedures.  
One or more certificates evidencing the relevant Noteholder's holding of Book-Entry Notes in the relevant registry 
will be delivered by Iberclear or the relevant Iberclear Member (as the case may be), in whose records the Book-
Entry Notes are registered, or, where the Noteholder is itself an institution participating in Iberclear, by Iberclear 
(in each case, in accordance with the requirements of Spanish law and the procedures of the relevant Iberclear 
Member or, as the case may be, Iberclear) to such Noteholder upon such Noteholder's request.  
Book-Entry Notes may also be admitted to trading on Spanish regulated markets other than AIAF, in which case 
references above to AIAF will be deemed to be to such other Spanish regulated market. 
Other provisions relating to Book-Entry Notes 
Title to the Book-Entry Notes will be evidenced by book entries and each person shown in the registries 
maintained by Iberclear Members as having an interest in the Book-Entry Notes shall be considered, by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and their agents, as the holder of the principal amount of Book-Entry Notes recorded therein, and 
the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly in 
respect of Book-Entry Notes. 
The creation of limited in rem rights or any other encumbrance on a Book-Entry Note must be entered in the 
corresponding account and effected in accordance will the then current procedures of Iberclear and or their 
respective members. 
Further tranches of Book-Entry Notes (fungible Book-Entry Notes) 
The Issuer shall arrange (without the requirement to obtain the consent of the Noteholders) that, where a further 
Tranche of Book-Entry Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of 
Book-Entry Notes, the Book-Entry Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned the same common code and 
ISIN. 
Iberclear 
Iberclear is the Spanish central securities depositary in charge of both the register of securities held in book-entry 
form (anotaciones en cuenta) to be listed on a Spanish regulated market, and the clearing and settlement of all 
trades from the Spanish Stock Exchange, the Public Debt market, AIAF and Latin American stock exchange 
denominated in euros (Latibex). 
Iberclear is owned by the group Bolsas y Mercados Españoles, Sociedad Holding de Mercados y Sistemas 
Finanacieros, S.A. ("BME") a holding company which holds a 100 per cent. interest in the Spanish regulated 
markets, Bolsa de Madrid, Bolsa de Barcelona, Bolsa de Bilbao, Bolsa de Valencia, AIAF, Senaf, Latibex, 
Mercado Alternativo Bursátil and in the Spanish settlement systems BME Clearing and Iberclear and whose shares 
are listed in the Spanish Stock Exchange. SIX Group AG acquired in 2020 93.16% of BME share capital, which 
means that SIX Group AG now has the right to exercise the squeeze-out right to compulsory acquire any 
outstanding shares of BME. If Six Group AG acquires such outstanding shares, Six Group AG will hold 100 per 
cent. of BME share capital, being the sole owner of BME and therefore, BME shares will be delisted.  
The clearance and settlement system of Iberclear and its members are responsible for maintaining records of 
purchases and sales under the book-entry system. 
Iberclear maintains a registry reflecting the number of securities held by each of its member entities on its own 
behalf as well as the number of securities held of behalf of the third parities. Each member entity, in turn, maintains 
a registry of the owners of such securities.

--- Page 485 ---
- 485 - 
On the relevant date for payment of interest amounts in respect of debt securities, Iberclear credits to each 
participant entity an amount corresponding to the balance of the securities appearing in the records of the relevant 
participant entity on the day prior to the relevant payment date. 
Legend appearing on Implicit Yield Notes other than Book-Entry Notes 
The following legend will appear on all Notes and on all receipts and coupons relating to Implicit Yield Notes 
other than Book-Entry notes: 
"THE SALE, TRANSFER OR ACQUISITION OF IMPLICIT YIELD NOTES (AS DEFINED IN 
CONDITION 8 OF THE NOTES), INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ZERO COUPON NOTES, 
TO OR BY INDIVIDUALS (PERSONAS FÍSICAS) WHO ARE TAX RESIDENT IN SPAIN (EACH A 
"SPANISH INDIVIDUAL") IS FORBIDDEN IN ALL CASES. ANY TRANSFER OF IMPLICIT YIELD 
NOTES TO OR BY SPANISH INDIVIDUALS IS NOT PERMITTED AND SUCH TRANSFER WILL BE 
CONSIDERED NULL AND VOID BY THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR. ACCORDINGLY, 
NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR THE GUARANTOR WILL (i) RECOGNISE ANY SPANISH 
INDIVIDUAL AS AN OWNER OF IMPLICIT YIELD NOTES OR (ii) LIST ANY IMPLICIT YIELD 
NOTES ON AIAF."

--- Page 486 ---
- 486 - 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Each prospective purchaser of Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A by accepting delivery of this Base 
Prospectus will be deemed to have represented and agreed that such offeree acknowledges that this Base 
Prospectus is personal to such offeree and does not constitute an offer to any other person or to the public generally 
to subscribe for or otherwise acquire the Notes other than pursuant to Rule 144A or in offshore transactions in 
accordance with Regulation S. Distribution of this Base Prospectus, or disclosure of any of its contents to any 
person other than such offeree and those persons, if any, retained to advise such offeree with respect thereto is 
unauthorised, and any disclosure of any of its contents, without the prior written consent of the Issuer, is 
prohibited. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
in the United States or to, or for the account of benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the U.S. 
Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the U.S. Securities Act. Each Dealer has agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes, (i) 
as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the 
offering and the closing date (the "Resale Restriction Termination Date"), within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells the Notes prior to the 
Resale Restriction Termination Date a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales 
of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offer) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in 
a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the US. Securities Act. 
Each purchaser of Notes offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A will be deemed to have represented and agreed 
as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined 
therein): 
(1) 
The purchaser (A) is a qualified institutional buyer, (B) is acquiring such Notes for its own account or 
for the account of a qualified institutional buyer and (C) is aware that the sale to it is being made in 
reliance on Rule 144A. 
(2) 
The Notes are being offered only in a transaction not involving any public offering in the United States 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. State securities laws, and, if in the future the purchaser decides 
to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes, it will do so, prior to the expiration of the 
applicable holding period determined pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act from the later of the 
Issue Date of the Notes and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was the owner 
of such Notes, only (A) inside the United States, to a person who the seller reasonably believes is a 
qualified institutional buyer purchasing for its own account or for the account of a qualified institutional 
buyer in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (B) outside the United States, in 
compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act, (C) pursuant to an exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), in each case in 
accordance with any applicable U.S. State securities laws or any other jurisdiction, or (D) to the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or their respective affiliates. 
(3) 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption 
from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
(4) 
The purchaser understands that Notes of a Series offered in reliance on Rule 144A will be represented 
by a Restricted U.S. Global Note Certificate or, as the case may be, a Restricted International Global 
Note Certificate. Before any interest in such Restricted U.S. Global Note Certificate or, as the case may 
be, a Restricted International Global Note Certificate may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise 
transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in an Unrestricted U.S. Global Note 
Certificate or, as the case may be, a Unrestricted International Global Note Certificate, the seller will be 
required to provide the Registrar with a written certification as to compliance with the transfer restrictions 
referred to in clause (2)(B) or (2)(C) above.

--- Page 487 ---
- 487 - 
(5) 
Either (A) the purchaser is not and for so long as it holds a Note (or any interest therein) will not be (i) 
an "employee benefit plan" as defined in Section 3(3) of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security 
Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a "plan" subject to Section 
4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), (iii) an entity whose 
underlying assets include the assets of any such employee benefit plan subject to ERISA or other plan 
subject to Section 4975 the Code, or (iv) a governmental or other benefit plan which is subject to any 
U.S. federal, state or local law, that is substantially similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code, or (B) her purchase and holding of the Notes will not result in a prohibited 
transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, in the case of such a 
governmental or other employee benefit plan, any such substantially similar U.S. federal, state or local 
law) for which an exemption is not available. 
(6) 
The purchaser will deliver to each person to whom it transfers the Notes notice of any restrictions on 
transfer of such Notes. 
In order to effectuate the foregoing restrictions on resales and other transfers of definitive Bearer Notes or 
Individual Note Certificates sold, or issued in exchange for a Note sold pursuant to Rule 144A, if any resale or 
transfer of a Note is proposed to be made (otherwise than to or through a Dealer or in reliance on Rule 144A or 
Regulation S), (i) directly by the holder of a Note, or (ii) through the services of a dealer other than a Dealer, the 
prospective purchaser of the Note, in the case of a resale or transfer of a Note to be made directly by the holder of 
such note, or such dealer, in the case of a resale or transfer of such Note to be made through such dealer, shall 
deliver a letter to the Issuer substantially in the form provided in the Programme Manual, appropriately completed. 
If any resale or transfer of a Note is proposed to be made to a Dealer or in reliance on Rule 144A or Regulation 
S, either (i) the holder of such Note shall have made the appropriate notation on the transfer notice set forth on 
such Note or otherwise advised the Principal Paying Agent in writing that it is relying on Rule 144A or Regulation 
S in connection with such transfer or is transferring such Note to a Dealer or (ii) the prospective purchaser, its 
agent or a Dealer shall deliver a letter to the Principal Paying Agent substantially in the form prescribed in the 
Programme Manual, appropriately completed along with the Note presented for transfer. Inquiries concerning 
transfers of Notes should be made to any Dealer. 
The Restricted U.S. Global Note Certificates will bear a legend to the following effect unless the Issuer determines 
otherwise in compliance with applicable law: 
"THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER 
THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR ANY 
U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING THE NOTES 
REPRESENTED HEREBY, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR THAT 
IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO EXPIRATION OF THE APPLICABLE REQUIRED 
HOLDING PERIOD DETERMINED PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OF THE SECURITIES ACT FROM THE 
LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER 
OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN (1) 
INSIDE THE UNITED STATES, TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON 
ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVE IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF RULE 144A PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR A PERSON PURCHASING FOR 
THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WHOM THE HOLDER HAS INFORMED, 
IN EACH CASE, THAT THE REOFFER, RESALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN 
RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (2) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR 
RULE 904 OF THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR ANY OTHER 
AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (4) TO THE 
ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES. ANY TRANSFER IN VIOLATION 
OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO AND WILL 
NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY 
INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE ISSUER. EACH TRANSFEROR OF THIS NOTE WILL 
PROVIDE NOTICE OF THE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS SET OUT HEREIN AND THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES TO ITS TRANSFEREE. 
IF THIS RESTRICTED U.S. GLOBAL NOTE CERTIFICATE IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & 
CO. (OR SUCH OTHER PERSON AS MAY BE NOMINATED BY THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY 
("DTC") FOR THE PURPOSE) (COLLECTIVELY, "CEDE & CO.") AS NOMINEE FOR DTC, THEN,

--- Page 488 ---
- 488 - 
UNLESS THIS RESTRICTED U.S. GLOBAL NOTE CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OR TRANSFER, 
EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT AND ANY GLOBAL NOTE CERTIFICATE ISSUED UPON REGISTRATION 
OF TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE OF THIS RESTRICTED U.S. GLOBAL NOTE CERTIFICATE IS 
REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. (OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY 
AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC) AND ANY PAYMENT HEREUNDER IS MADE TO 
CEDE & CO. (OR, AS THE CASE MAY BE, SUCH OTHER PERSON), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR 
OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL, SINCE 
THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO. (OR, AS THE CASE MAY BE, SUCH OTHER 
PERSON), HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN." 
The Restricted International Global Note Certificates will bear a legend to the following effect unless the Issuer 
determines otherwise in compliance with applicable law: 
"THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER 
THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR ANY 
U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING THE NOTES 
REPRESENTED HEREBY, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR THAT 
IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO EXPIRATION OF THE APPLICABLE REQUIRED 
HOLDING PERIOD DETERMINED PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OF THE SECURITIES ACT FROM THE 
LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER 
OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN (1) 
INSIDE THE UNITED STATES PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT TO A 
PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVE 
IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A PURCHASING FOR 
ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR A PERSON PURCHASING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WHOM THE HOLDER HAS INFORMED, IN EACH CASE, THAT THE 
REOFFER, RESALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, 
(2) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 
144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION 
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (4) TO THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR OR 
THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES. ANY TRANSFER IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF 
NO FORCE AND EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY 
RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO 
THE ISSUER. EACH TRANSFEROR OF THIS NOTE WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF THE TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS SET OUT HEREIN AND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES TO ITS 
TRANSFEREE. 
IF THIS RESTRICTED INTERNATIONAL GLOBAL NOTE CERTIFICATE IS REGISTERED IN THE 
NAME OF A PERSON NOMINATED BY THE COMMON DEPOSITORY OR, AS THE CASE MAY BE, 
COMMON 
SAFEKEEPER 
OF 
EUROCLEAR 
BANK 
S.A./N.V. 
("EUROCLEAR") 
AND/OR 
CLEARSTREAM BANKING, S.A, LUXEMBOURG ("CLEARSTREAM, LUXEMBOURG", AND 
TOGETHER WITH EUROCLEAR, THE "INTERNATIONAL CLEARING SYSTEMS") AS NOMINEE 
FOR THE INTERNATIONAL 
CLEARING SYSTEMS, THEN, UNLESS THIS 
RESTRICTED 
INTERNATIONAL GLOBAL NOTE CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF SUCH COMMON DEPOSITARY OR, AS THE CASE MAY BE, COMMON 
SAFEKEEPER TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OR TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR 
PAYMENT AND ANY GLOBAL NOTE CERTIFICATE ISSUED UPON REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER 
OR EXCHANGE OF THIS RESTRICTED INTERNATIONAL GLOBAL NOTE CERTIFICATE IS 
REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF SUCH NOMINEE (OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED 
BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMMON DEPOSITARY OR, AS THE CASE MAY 
BE, COMMON SAFEKEEPER) AND ANY PAYMENT HEREUNDER IS MADE TO SUCH NOMINEE (OR, 
AS THE CASE MAY BE, SUCH OTHER PERSON), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF 
FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL, SINCE THE REGISTERED 
OWNER HEREOF, THE RELEVANT NOMINEE (OR, AS THE CASE MAY BE, SUCH OTHER PERSON), 
HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN." 
Restricted Individual Note Certificates issued in exchange for an interest in a Restricted International Global Note 
Certificate will bear the following legend and be subject to the transfer restrictions set forth therein:

--- Page 489 ---
- 489 - 
"THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER 
THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR ANY 
U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING THE NOTES 
REPRESENTED HEREBY, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR THAT 
IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO EXPIRATION OF THE APPLICABLE REQUIRED 
HOLDING PERIOD DETERMINED PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OF THE SECURITIES ACT FROM THE 
LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER 
OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN (1) 
INSIDE THE UNITED STATES PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT TO A 
PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVE 
IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A PURCHASING FOR 
ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR A PERSON PURCHASING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WHOM THE HOLDER HAS INFORMED, IN EACH CASE, THAT THE 
REOFFER, RESALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, 
(2) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT, (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 
144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION 
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (4) TO THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR OR 
THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES. ANY TRANSFER IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF 
NO FORCE AND EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY 
RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO 
THE ISSUER. EACH TRANSFEROR OF THIS NOTE WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF THE TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS SET OUT HEREIN AND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES TO ITS 
TRANSFEREE." 
The Agency Agreement provides that such legends will not be removed unless the Registrar is advised that the 
relevant Note is being transferred pursuant to Regulation S or unless there is delivered to the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the Registrar satisfactory evidence, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, to the effect that neither 
such legends nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure that transfers of such Note 
comply with the provisions of Rule 144A, Rule 144 or Regulation S under the Securities Act or that such Note is 
not a "restricted security" within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act.  
Each Permanent Global Note, Unrestricted U.S. Global Note Certificate, Unrestricted International Global Note 
Certificate and Unrestricted Individual Note Certificate will bear a legend to the following effect unless the Issuer 
determines otherwise in compliance with applicable law: 
THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.  THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE 
PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE NOTES OF THE 
TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART. 
No transfer of Implicit Yield Notes other than Book-Entry Notes to Spanish Individuals 
The sale, transfer or acquisition of Implicit Yield Notes (as defined below) other than Book-Entry Notes, 
including, but not limited to, Zero Coupon Notes, to or by individuals (personas físicas) who are tax resident in 
Spain (each a "Spanish Individual") is forbidden in all cases. Any transfer of Implicit Yield Notes other than 
Book-Entry Notes to or by Spanish Individuals is not permitted and such transfer will be considered null and void 
by the Issuer and the Guarantor. Accordingly, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will (i) recognise any Spanish 
Individual as an owner of Implicit Yield Notes other than as an owner of Book-Entry Notes or (ii) list any Implicit 
Yield Notes other than Book-Entry Notes on AIAF.  
"Implicit Yield Notes" means Notes in respect of which the income derives from (a) the difference between the 
redemption amount and the issue price of the Notes, or (b) subject to the paragraph below, a combination of (i) an 
explicit coupon and (ii) the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price of the Notes. For the 
purposes of this Base Prospectus and in accordance with Spanish tax regulations, Notes with the characteristics

--- Page 490 ---
- 490 - 
set out in (b) above will only be deemed Implicit Yield Notes if the interest payable in each year (explicit coupon) 
is lower than the Interest Rate of Reference applicable as of the Issue Date.  
The "Interest Rate of Reference" shall be the interest rate applicable to each calendar quarter determined by 
reference to 80% of the weighted average rate fixed in the preceding calendar quarter for (a) three-year Spanish 
Government Bond issues, if the Notes have a term of four years or less, (b) five-year Spanish Government Bond 
issues, if the Notes have a term of more than four years but equal or less than seven years, or (c) 10, 15 or 30-year 
Spanish Government Bond issues, if the Notes have a term of more than seven years, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 491 ---
- 491 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will 
be fully and permanently invested in the Guarantor and will allow the Guarantor: 
(a) 
to finance, refinance or invest in, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects meeting the Eligibility 
Criteria, in which case the relevant Notes will be identified as "Green Bonds" in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms ("Green Bonds"); 
(b) 
to finance, refinance or invest in, in whole or in part, Eligible Social Projects meeting the Eligibility 
Criteria, in which case the relevant Notes will be identified as "Social Bonds" in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms ("Social Bonds"); or 
(c) 
to finance, refinance or invest in, in whole or in part, a combination of Eligible Green Projects and 
Eligible Social Projects, in each case, meeting the Eligibility Criteria, in which case the relevant Notes 
will be identified as "Sustainable Bonds" in the Applicable Transaction Terms ("Sustainable Bonds"). 
Otherwise and unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of 
each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for the general corporate purposes of the Guarantor. 
Santander has established the relevant internal procedures for monitoring the Issuer’s compliance with the Green 
Bonds Framework. It addition to this, compliance with the Framework, as well as the allocation of proceeds and 
the eligible green assets alignment with the eligibility criteria, is also supported by external reviews provided by 
(i) “Vigeo Eiris”, as sustainability consultant, not only in the pre-issuances process, but also within the context of 
the relevant ad-hoc second party opinions in the event for example that additional eligible green assets categories 
are added to the Framework; and (ii) by a third party ESG and/or external financial audit of the Issuer on annual 
basis.  
The terms of the Framework can be amended by Banco Santander, mainly to adapt such terms to the principles, 
standards and regulations in force from time to time. The amended Framework would be subject to the relevant 
internal and external review processes, as described. Noteholders would not be entitled to vote on such cases.    
The Global Sustainable Bond Framework, the Green Bond Framework, any Social Bond Framework and any 
Tranche of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds are or will be subject to external review and a second 
party 
opinion 
available 
at 
https://www.santander.com/en/our-approach/inclusive-and-sustainable-
growth/supporting-the-green-transition. 
None of the Global Sustainable Bond Framework, Green Bond Framework or any Social Bond Framework, nor 
any of the related reports, opinions or contents of any of the web-sites referenced herein are incorporated in or 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
For the purposes of the above: 
"Eligibility Criteria" means the criteria prepared by Santander as set out in the Santander Global Sustainable 
Bond Framework, Green Bond Framework and Social Bond Framework, as the case may be. 
"Eligible Green Projects" means projects falling under the "Green eligible categories" of energy efficiency, 
renewable energy, sustainable water management or sustainable waste management, each as further described in 
the Santander Global Sustainable Bond Framework and Green Bond Framework, and any other "green" projects 
set out in the ICMA Green Bond Principles from time to time. 
"Eligible Social Projects" means projects falling under the "Social eligible categories" of healthcare, education, 
SME financing or affordable housing, each as further described in the Santander Global Sustainable Bond 
Framework and Social Bond Framework, and any other "social" projects set out in the ICMA Social Bond 
Principles from time to time. 
"Global Sustainable Bond Framework" means the Global Sustainable Bond Framework published by 
Santander, 
available 
at 
https://www.santander.com/en/our-approach/inclusive-and-sustainable-
growth/supporting-the-green-transition.

--- Page 492 ---
- 492 - 
"Green Bond Framework" means the Green Bond Framework published by Santander, available at 
https://www.santander.com/en/our-approach/inclusive-and-sustainable-growth/supporting-the-green-transition. 
"ICMA Green Bond Principles" means the Green Bond Principles published by the International Capital 
Markets Association (or any successor, the "ICMA"), as updated from time to time. 
"ICMA Social Bond Principles" means the Social Bond Principles published by the ICMA, as updated from time 
to time. 
"Santander" means the Guarantor. 
"Social Bond Framework" means any Social Bond Framework published by Santander, to be available at 
https://www.santander.com/en/our-approach/inclusive-and-sustainable-growth/supporting-the-green-transition.

--- Page 493 ---
- 493 - 
SANTANDER INTERNATIONAL PRODUCTS PLC 
The legal name of the Issuer is Santander International Products plc, registered and incorporated on 25 June 2004 
in Ireland under the Irish Companies Acts 1963 to 2013, as a public limited company for an indefinite period with 
registration number 387937 and is currently subject to the Irish Companies Act 2014. Santander International 
Products plc is a subsidiary of Banco Santander, S.A. 
The Registered Office of the Issuer is at 3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 1, Ireland 
telephone number: (+353) 16146240. 
The authorised share capital of the Issuer is EUR 40,000 divided into 40,000 ordinary shares of EUR 1 each, all 
of which have been issued and paid up. 
The Issuer complies with the corporate governance regime(s) in Ireland. 
Major Shareholders 
A total of 39,995 of the issued ordinary shares of the Issuer are held by the Guarantor and the remaining five 
shares are held by Cántabra de Inversiones, S.A., Cántabro Catalana de Inversones, S.A., Merciver S.L, Altamira 
Santander Real Estate, S.A. and Santander Global Operations, S.A. (formerly Geobán, S.A.). The Issuer complies 
with the relevant statutory provisions and safeguards which regulate the relationship between a company and its 
major shareholder in order to prevent an abuse of control by a major shareholder. 
Business 
The principal objects of the Issuer are set forth in Clause 3 of its Memorandum of Association and are the issuance 
of preferred securities (participaciones preferentes) and other financial instruments. 
Financial instruments issued by the Issuer are quoted on Euronext Dublin, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
AIAF and the Taipei Exchange. 
The outstanding notional amount of the Notes issued under the Santander International Products plc EUR 
10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme, guaranteed by Banco Santander, S.A., was, at 
31 December 20, EUR 2,747,775,677.57. 
Directors 
The Directors of the Issuer are as follows: 
Name 
Principal 
Occupation 
Other Activities 
Adrian John Masterson 
Director 
- 
Carlos Ignacio Muñiz González-
Blanch 
Director 
- 
Mercedes Mora Palacios 
Director 
Santander Back Offices Globales Mayoristas, 
S.A. (Member of the Board of Directors) 
José Muñoz Pérez 
Director 
Santander Back Offices Globales Mayoristas, 
S.A. (Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
Alfredo Madrigal Matute 
Director 
- 
José Manuel Colina Garea 
Director 
- 
Juan Andrés García Molinero 
Director 
Emisora Santander España S.A.U. (Director) 
Rubén Ibáñez Enériz 
Director 
Emisora Santander España S.A.U. (Director)

--- Page 494 ---
- 494 - 
The business address of the Directors of the Issuer is Ciudad Grupo Santander, Av. de Cantabria s/n, ed. Encinar, 
planta baja, 28660, Boadilla del Monte Madrid, Spain. 
TMF Administration Services Limited is the administrator of the Issuer. Its duties include the provision of certain 
administrative and related services including acting as company secretary. The appointment of the administrator 
may be terminated and the administrator may retire upon 90 days' written notice subject to the appointment of an 
alternative administrator. 
The Issuer has established a bank account with the Guarantor. 
Principal Markets 
As the Issuer's primary role is to support the Santander Group by issuing preferred securities and other financial 
instruments, the Issuer is not in direct competition with any other entities and as such there is currently no 
information to disclose in respect of its competitive position. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There exist no conflicts of interest between the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer 
and there exist no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the issuing entity of any members of such 
administrative, management or supervisory bodies and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Audit Committee 
The Guarantor has an audit committee which has purview of the audit of the Issuer. Under Regulation 91(9)(d) of 
the European Communities (Statutory Audits) (Directive 2006/43/EC) Regulation 2010 ("Regulation 2010"), 
which was published by the Irish Minister for Enterprise, Trade and Innovation on 25 May 2010, a company like 
the Issuer may avail itself of an exemption from the requirement to establish an audit committee. 
The Directors have concluded that there is currently no need for the Issuer to have a separate audit committee and 
accordingly the Issuer has availed itself of the exemption under Regulation 91(9)(d) of Regulation 2010. 
Auditors 
The independent auditors of the Issuer, PricewaterhouseCoopers, chartered accountants and registered auditors, 
are members of the Institute of Chartered Accountants, qualified to practice in Ireland. As registered auditors, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers are regulated by the Irish Auditing and Accounting Supervisory Authority ("IAASA"), 
whose address is Willow House, Millennium Park, Naas, County Kildare, Ireland. The registered office of the 
Irish firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers is 1 Spencer Dock, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland.

--- Page 495 ---
- 495 - 
Selected historical key financial information 
Statement of Comprehensive Income of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020 
 
Year ended 
31/12/2020  
EUR  
Year ended 31/12/2019  
EUR  
Interest income  
Interest expense on notes issued  
33,509,386  
48,139,184  
(69,753,722)  
(61,840,258)  
Net income from derivatives  
36,244,336  
13,701,074  
 
 
Net losses on notes issued – designated at fair 
value through profit or loss  
(17,207,515)  
(156,171,419)  
Net gains on derivatives  
45,395,834  
86,885,390  
Net (losses)/ gains on investments – designated at 
fair value through profit or loss  
  
(28,188,319)  
69,286,029  
 
 
Other income  
  
6,937,766  
1,094,410  
Other expenses  
  
(6,932,555)  
(1,052,700)  
Profit for the year before taxation  
 
5,211  
41,710  
Taxation  
 
 
(1,303)  
(12,513)  
Profit for the financial year after taxation  
3,908  
29,197  
 
Statement of Financial Position of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020 
 
 
As at  
31/12/2020  
EUR  
As at  
31/12/2019  
EUR  
Assets  
Investments – designated at fair value through profit 
or loss  
2,424,594,955  
1,192,633,832  
Loans and receivables  
 
346,059,570  
509,585,137  
Derivatives  
  
189,603,472  
98,022,802  
Interest receivable on investments  
3,204,882  
5,233,623  
Other income receivable  
241,926  
598,210  
Corporation tax receivable  
33,430  
12,201  
Cash and cash equivalents  
  
1,669,423  
804,637  
                                                      
  2,965,407,658                        1,806,890,442                 
Liabilities  
Notes issued – designated at fair value through 
profit or loss  
2,533,802,326  
1,210,193,113  
Notes issued – at amortised cost  
346,772,570  
510,298,137  
Derivatives  
  
79,683,018  
79,750,521  
Interest payable on notes issued  
3,436,809  
2,942,554  
Deferred income  
776,078  
532,192  
Expense accruals  
124,222  
115,770  
Other creditors  
 
 
2,249,428  
 
1,806,081,715 
 
2,964,595,023   
                                           
Net assets  
 
812,635  
808,727  
Equity  
Share capital  
  
40,000  
40,000  
Capital contribution  
 
337,000  
337,000  
Retained earnings  
435,635  
431,727  
Shareholders’ funds  
812,635  
808,727

--- Page 496 ---
- 496 - 
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
INFORMATION TO BE DISCLOSED ABOUT THE GUARANTOR 
The guarantor must disclose information about itself as if it were the issuer of that same type of security that 
is the subject of the guarantee. 
1. 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE 
1.1 
All persons responsible for the information given in this Base Prospectus relating to the guarantor 
and, as the case may be, for certain parts of it, with, in the latter case, an indication of such parts. In 
the case of natural persons including members of the issuer's administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies indicate the name and function of the person; in case of legal persons indicate the 
name and registered office. 
Banco Santander, S.A. ("Santander", "Banco Santander", the "Guarantor", the "Bank", "we" (and 
references to "us" or "our" shall be construed accordingly) or the "Parent") accepts responsibility for 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus relating to the Guarantor. 
Banco Santander is the Guarantor under this Base Prospectus and assumes responsibility for the 
guarantee. 
1.2 
A declaration by those responsible for this Base Prospectus that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus relating to the guarantor is, to the best of their knowledge, in accordance with the facts 
and contains no omission likely to affect its import. As the case may be, declaration by those 
responsible for certain parts of this Base Prospectus that the information contained in the part of this 
Base Prospectus for which they are responsible is, to the best of their knowledge, in accordance with 
the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
The Bank confirms that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, 
in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
1.3 
Where a statement or report attributed to a person as an expert is included in this Base Prospectus, 
provide such person's name, business address, qualifications and material interest if any in the 
guarantor. If the report has been produced at the guarantor's request, a statement to that effect that 
such statement or report is included, in the form and context in which it is included, with the consent 
of that person who has authorised the contents of that part of this Base Prospectus for the purpose of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Not Applicable. 
1.4 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, provide a confirmation that this information 
has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the guarantor is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. In addition, the guarantor shall identify the 
source(s) of the information. 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third party: (i) such information has 
been accurately reproduced; (ii) as far as we are aware and are able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading; and (iii) the source of such information has been identified. 
2. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
2.1 
Names and addresses of the guarantor's auditors for the period covered by the historical financial 
information (together with their membership in a professional body). 
The non-consolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of Banco Santander, S.A. for the 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 were audited by the independent auditors, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. is registered under

--- Page 497 ---
- 497 - 
number S-0242 in the Official Register of Auditors (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas). 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. is a member of the Instituto de Censores Jurados de Cuentas 
de España. The address of PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. is Torre PwC, Paseo de la Castellana, 
259B, Torre PwC, Madrid. 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
3.1 
A description of the material risks that are specific to the guarantor and that may affect the 
guarantor’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the securities, in a limited number of categories, in a 
section headed "Risk Factors" in the Base Prospectus. 
See "Risk Factors" on pages 14 to 72 of this Base Prospectus. 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GUARANTOR 
4.1 
History and development of the guarantor. 
4.1.1 
Legal and trading name of the guarantor. 
The name of the Bank is Banco Santander, S.A. and it operates under the trading name "Santander". 
4.1.2 
The place of registration of the guarantor, its registration number and legal entity identifier (LEI). 
The Bank is registered in the Mercantile Registry of Cantabria in book 83, folio 1, sheet 9, entry 5519, 
and adapted its Bylaws to conform with current legislation regarding limited liability companies by a 
document executed in the city of Santander on 8 June 1992 before the Public Notary Mr. José María de 
Prada Díez, and numbered 1316 in his records, and registered in the Mercantile Registry of Cantabria in 
volume 448 of the Archive, folio 1, sheet number 1960, Adaptation entry one. 
The Guarantor is a Spanish company with legal status as a public limited company (sociedad anónima), 
with the status of a bank and is governed by the Restated Spanish Companies Act (Texto Refundido de 
la Ley de Sociedades de Capital), approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2010, of 2 July (Real Decreto 
Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de 
Capital). The Guarantor is subject to special legislation for credit institutions in general, the supervision, 
control and regulation of the European Central Bank and, as a listed company, the regulatory supervision 
of the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) and, as a 
credit institution, to Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the management, supervision and solvency of credit 
institutions and Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, developing Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on 
ordination, supervision and solvency of credit institutions. 
The current Bylaws, which have been adapted to the current Ley de Sociedades de Capital, were 
approved by the shareholders at the General Shareholders' Meeting held on 30 March 2012 and filed with 
the Office of the Mercantile Registry on 27 August 2012. However, Article 5 of such By-laws, which 
relates to the current authorised share capital, was last amended by the share increase carried on 30 
January 2014. 
The Guarantor's legal entity identifier is 5493006QMFDDMYWIAM13. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor has a total share capital which is fully issued and 
paid up of €8,670,320,651 divided into 17,340,641,302 shares with a nominal value of €0.50. All shares 
are of the same class and issue with the same rights attached. 
The Bank is also registered in the Special Register of Banks and Bankers under code number 0049. 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and the length of life of the guarantor, except where indefinite. 
The Bank was founded in the city of Santander by notarised document executed on 3 March 1856 before 
Mr. José Dou Martínez, ratified and partially amended by a further document dated 21 March 1857 before 
the court official of Santander Mr. José María Olarán, and commenced trading on 20 August 1857.

--- Page 498 ---
- 498 - 
The Bank was transformed to a Credit Company (Sociedad Anónima de Crédito) by a public deed 
executed on 14 January 1875 that was recorded with the Mercantile Registry of the Government of the 
Province of Santander. 
The Bank commenced trading at the time of its formation and according to Article 4.1 of the Articles of 
Association it will remain in existence for an indefinite period. 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the guarantor, the legislation under which the guarantor operates, its 
country of incorporation, the address and telephone number of its registered office (or principal place 
of business if different from its registered office) and the website of the guarantor (if any). 
The Bank is domiciled in Spain and has the legal form of a limited liability company (Sociedad Anónima) 
and its activities are subject to special Spanish legislation governing credit institutions in general and the 
supervision, control and regulation of the Bank of Spain in particular. 
The Bank was incorporated in Spain and has its registered office at Paseo de Pereda, numbers 9 to 12, 
Santander. The principal operating headquarters of the Bank are located at Ciudad Grupo Santander, 
Avda. de Cantabria s/n, 28660 Boadilla del Monte, in the province of Madrid. The telephone number of 
the principal operating headquarters of the Bank is +34 91 259 6520. The Bank's website can be found 
at: www.santander.com. 
4.1.5 
Details of any recent events particular to the guarantor which are to a material extent relevant to the 
evaluation of the guarantor's solvency. 
Principal Capital Expenditures and Divestitures 
Acquisitions, Dispositions, Reorganisations  
Following is a summary of the main acquisitions and disposals of ownership interests in the share capital 
of other entities and other significant corporate transactions performed by the Group in the last three 
years: 
i.  
Agreement for the acquisition of a significant stake in Ebury 
On 28 April 2020, the investment in Ebury, a payments and currencies platform for SMEs, 
announced on 4 November 2019, was completed. The transaction involved a total outlay of 
GBP 357 million (EUR 409 million) of which GBP 70 million (approximately EUR 80 million) 
was for new shares. At 2019 year-end the Group had already acquired 6.4% of the company for 
GBP 40 million (approximately EUR 45 million). Following the disbursement made in April 
2020, the Group is entitled to receive 50.38% of the dividends distributed by the company. This 
interest is recognized under 'Investments in Joint Ventures and Associates - Associates' in the 
consolidated balance sheet. 
ii.  
Reorganisation of the banking insurance business, asset management and pension plans 
in Spain  
On 24 June 2019, Banco Santander, S.A., reached an agreement with the Allianz Group to 
terminate the agreement that Banco Popular Español, S.A.U. ("Banco Popular") held in Spain 
with the Allianz Group for the exclusive distribution of certain life insurance products, non-life 
insurance products, collective investment institutions (IIC), and pension plans through the 
Banco Popular network (the "Agreement"). Under this Agreement, the Group held a 40% stake 
in the capital of Popular Spain Holding de Inversiones, S.L.U., classified as investments in joint 
ventures and associated entities for an overall amount of EUR 409 million on 31 December 
2019.  
The Agreement was executed on 15 January 2020 for the non-life business and on 31 January 
2020 for the remaining businesses, once the regulatory authorisations were obtained in the first 
half of 2020. The execution of the Termination Agreement entailed the payment by Banco 
Santander of a total consideration of EUR 859 million (after deducting the dividends paid until 
the end of the operation) and the acquisition of the remaining 60% of the capital of Popular 
Spain Holding de Inversiones, S.L.U.

--- Page 499 ---
- 499 - 
On 10 July, 51% of the life-risk insurance business held by Banco Santander and the 51% of 
the new General Insurance business from Banco Popular's network not transferred to Mapfre 
(in accordance with the agreement indicated below) was acquired by Aegon, valuing these 
businesses at a total of approximately EUR 557 million.  
The total amount of the life-savings business, collective investment institutions and pension 
plans is EUR 711 million and has resulted in the recognition of EUR 271 million of goodwill.  
In addition, under the agreement reached between Banco Santander and Mapfre on 21 January 
2019, 50.01% of the car, commercial multi-risk, SME multi-risk and corporate liability 
insurance business in the whole network of Banco Santander in Spain was acquired by Mapfre 
on 25 June 2019 amounting to EUR 82 million. 
iii.  
Agreement with Crédit Agricole S.A. on the depositary and custody business 
On 17 April 2019, Banco Santander, S.A., announced that it had signed a memorandum of 
understanding with Crédit Agricole S.A. with the purpose of combining CACEIS and its 
subsidiaries (the "CACEIS Group"), which is wholly-owned by Crédit Agricole S.A., with 
Santander Securities Services, S.A.U. and its subsidiaries (the "S3 Group"), which is 
wholly-owned by Banco Santander, S.A. 
The operation consisted of the contribution by the Santander Group to the CACEIS Group of 
100% of the S3 Group in Spain and 50% of the S3 Group's business in Latin America in 
exchange for a 30.5% stake in the CACEIS Group Capital and voting rights. The remaining 
69.5% remained the property of Crédit Agricole, SA. The S3 Group's Latin American business 
is under the joint control of the CACEIS Group and the Santander Group. 
On 27 June 2019, the signing of the final contracts took place after having carried out the precise 
prior consultations with the representative bodies of Crédit Agricole, SA employees and the 
CACEIS Group. The closing of the operation took place on 20 December 2019 once the relevant 
regulatory authorisations were obtained. 
The operation generated a net capital gain of EUR 693 million recorded for its gross amount 
under the heading of 'Non-classified assets as non-current assets for sale' of the consolidated 
profit and loss account, of which EUR 219 million correspond to the recognition at fair value 
of the investment of 49.99% retained by the Group in S3 Latin America. The 30.5% interest in 
the CACEIS Group was recorded under the heading of 'Investments - Associates' of the 
consolidated balance sheet for an amount of EUR 1,010 million. 
iv.  
Offer to acquire shares of Banco Santander Mexico, S.A., Institución de Banca Multiple, 
Grupo Financiero Santander México. 
On 12 April 2019, Banco Santander, S.A., announced its intention to make an offer to acquire 
all the shares of Banco Santander Mexico, S.A., Institución de Banca Múltiple, Grupo 
Financiero Santander México ("Santander México") which are not owned by Grupo Santander, 
representing approximately 25% of the share capital of Santander México. 
The shareholders who have accepted the offer have received 0.337 newly issued shares of Banco 
Santander, S.A., per share of Santander México and 1.685 American Depositary Shares 
("ADSs") of Banco Santander, S.A., per ADS of Santander México. 
The offer was accepted by holders of shares representing 16.69% of the capital stock of 
Santander Mexico, so the Group's participation in Santander Mexico became 91.65% of its share 
capital. To meet the exchange, the Bank proceeded to issue, in execution of the agreement 
adopted by the extraordinary general meeting held on 23 July 2019, 381,540,640 shares, which 
represented approximately 2.35% of the Bank's share capital in the date of issue. This operation 
meant an increase of EUR 191 million in Capital, EUR 1,491 million in issue premium and a 
decrease of EUR 670 million in Reserves and EUR 1,012 million in minority interests. 
v.  
Sale of the 49% stake in WiZink

--- Page 500 ---
- 500 - 
Once the relevant regulatory authorisations were obtained, on 6 November 2018, the operations 
related to the agreement reached with entities managed by Värde Partners, Inc ("Varde") and 
with WiZink Bank, S.A. ("WiZink") communicated by the Group on 26 March 2018 by virtue 
of which: 
i.  
Banco Santander, S.A. sold its 49% stake in WiZink to Varde for EUR 1,043 million, 
with no significant impact on the Group's results and, 
ii.  
Banco Santander, S.A. and Banco Santander Totta, S.A. acquired the business of credit 
and debit cards marketed by Grupo Banco Popular in Spain and Portugal that WiZink 
had acquired in 2014 and 2016. As a result of this transaction, the Group paid a total 
of EUR 681 million, receiving net assets worth EUR 306 million (mainly customer 
loans worth EUR 315 million), with the business combination generating a goodwill 
of EUR 375 million, managed by the businesses in Spain. 
With these transactions, the Group resumed Grupo Banco Popular's debit and credit card 
business, which improves the commercial strategy. 
vi.  
Acquisition of the retail banking and private banking business of Deutsche Bank Polska 
S.A. 
On 14 December 2017, the Group announced that its subsidiary Santander Bank Polska S.A. 
(previously Bank Zachodni WBK S.A.) together with Banco Santander, S.A., had reached an 
agreement with Deutsche Bank, A.G., for the acquisition (through a carve out) of the retail and 
private banking business of Deutsche Bank Polska S.A., excluding the foreign currency 
mortgage portfolio and the CIB (Corporate & Investment Banking) business, and including the 
asset management company DB Securities, S.A. (Poland). 
In November 2018, once the regulatory authorisations had been received and approved by the 
general shareholders' meetings of Santander Bank Polska S.A. and Deutsche Bank Polska, S.A. 
the acquisition of EUR 298 million in cash and newly issued shares of Santander Bank Polska 
S.A. subscribed in full by Deutsche Bank, A.G., was closed. As a result of this transaction, the 
Group has acquired net assets worth EUR 365 million, mainly loans and deposits to customers 
and credit institutions amounting to EUR 4,304 million and EUR 4,025 million, respectively, 
and negative value adjustments amounting to EUR 82 million (mainly under the line item 'Loans 
and advances'). 
The difference between the fair value of the net assets acquired and the transaction value 
resulted in a gain of EUR 67 million which was recognised under 'Negative Goodwill 
Recognised in Income' in the Group's consolidated income statement. 
vii.  
Sale agreement of Banco Popular, S.A.U.’s real estate business 
In relation to Banco Popular's real estate business, on 8 August 2017, Banco Santander, S.A., 
announced the agreement with a Blackstone fund for the acquisition by the fund of 51% of, and 
hence the assignment of control over, part of Banco Popular's real estate business (the 
"Business"), which comprises a portfolio of foreclosed properties, real estate companies, non-
performing loans relating to the sector and other assets related to these activities owned by 
Banco Popular and its affiliates (including deferred tax assets allocated to specific real estate 
companies which are part of the transferred portfolio) registered on certain specified dates (31 
March 2017 or 30 April 2017). 
The signing took place after the European Commission authorized, without imposing any 
restrictions, the acquisition of Banco Popular by Banco Santander, S.A., for the purposes of 
competition law. The Group closed its valuation exercise of the assets and liabilities assumed 
at fair value during 2018 without any change with respect to what was recorded at the end of 
2017. 
The transaction closed on 22 March 2018 following receipt of the required regulatory 
authorisations and other usual conditions in this type of transactions. The transaction consisted 
of the creation of various companies, being the parent company Project Quasar Investments 
2017, S.L., in which Banco Santander, S.A., maintains 49% of the share capital and Blackstone

--- Page 501 ---
- 501 - 
the remaining 51%, and to which Banco Popular and some subsidiaries transferred the business 
constituted by the indicated assets, and its participation in the capital of Aliseda Servicios de 
Gestión Inmobiliaria, S.L. The value attributed to the contributed assets is approximately EUR 
10,000 million euros, of which approximately 70% was financed with third party bank debt. 
After the contribution to the vehicle by its shareholders of the necessary liquidity for the 
transaction of the business, the 49% stake in the capital of the vehicles was recorded in the 
consolidated balance sheet of the Group for EUR 1,701 million in the 'Investments in joint 
ventures and associates - entities' section, without impact in the Group's income statement. 
viii.  
Merger by absorption of Banco Santander, S.A., with Banco Popular Español, S.A.U. 
On 23 April 2018 the boards of directors of Banco Santander, S.A. and Banco agreed to approve 
and sign the merger project by absorption of Banco Popular by Banco Santander, S.A. 
On 28 September 2018 the merger certificate of Banco Popular by Banco Santander, S.A. was 
registered in the Mercantile Registry of Cantabria. After the merger, Banco Santander, S.A. 
acquired, by universal succession, all the rights and obligations of Banco Popular, including 
those that had been acquired from Banco Pastor, S.A.U. and Popular Banca Privada, S.A.U., by 
virtue of the merger of Banco Pastor and Popular Banca Privada with Banco Popular, that was 
also approved on 23 April 2018 by the respective board of directors. This transaction had no 
impact on the Group's income statement. 
Capital Increases 
At 31 December 2017, the Bank’s share capital consisted of 16,136,153,582 shares with a total par value 
of EUR 8,068 million. 
On 7 November 2018, a capital increase of EUR 50 million was made, through which the Santander 
Dividendo Elección scrip dividend scheme took place, whereby 100,420,360 shares were issued (0.62% 
of the share capital). 
At 31 December 2018, the Bank’s share capital consisted of 16,236,573,942 shares with a total par value 
of EUR 8,118 million. 
On 10 September 2019, a capital increase of EUR 191 million was carried out with the issuance of 
381,540,640 shares (2.35% of the Bank's share capital) to meet the takeover bid for 16.69% of the share 
capital of Banco Santander México, S.A. (see Note 3.a). 
Therefore, the Bank’s new capital consists of EUR 8,309 million at 31 December 2019, represented by 
16,618,114,582 shares of EUR 0.50 of nominal value each one and all of them from a unique class and 
series. 
The Bank’s shares are listed on the Spanish Stock Market Interconnection System and on the New York, 
London, Mexico and Warsaw Stock Exchanges, and all of them have the same features and rights. 
Santander shares are listed on the London Stock Exchange under Crest Depository Interest (CDI’s), each 
CDI representing one Bank’s share. They are also listed on the New York Stock Exchange under 
American 
Depositary Receipts (BDRs), each BDR representing one share. During 2018 and the beginning of 2019 
the number of markets where the Bank is listed has been reduced; the Bank's shares has been delisted 
from Buenos Aires, Milan, Lisboa and Sao Paulo's markets. 
At 31 December 2019, no shareholder of the Bank individually held more than 3% of its total share 
capital (which is the significant threshold generally established under Spanish regulations for a 
significant holding in a listed company to be disclosed). While at 31 December 2019 certain custodians 
appeared in the register of shareholders as holding more than 3% of the share capital, the Bank 
understands that those shares were held in custody on behalf of other investors, none of which exceeded 
that threshold individually. These custodians were State Street Bank and Trust Company (14.06%), The 
Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (8.12%), Chase Nominees Limited (6.38%), EC Nominees 
Limited (3.97%) and BNP Paribas (3.40%).

--- Page 502 ---
- 502 - 
Also, as of that date, BlackRock Inc. had communicated a significant participation in voting rights in the 
Bank (5.426%), although it specified that the corresponding shares were held on behalf of several funds 
or other investment entities and that none of them exceeded 3% individually. 
Throughout 2019 BlackRock Inc. informed the CNMV of the movements regarding its voting rights in 
the Bank: 6 February, increase above 5%, 17 April, decrease below 5%, 9 May, increase above 5% and, 
23 October, decrease below 5%. 
It should be noted that there may be some overlap in the holdings declared by the above mentioned 
custodians and asset manager. 
At 31 December 2019, neither the Bank's shareholders registry nor the CNMV's registry showed any 
shareholder resident in a tax haven with a shareholding of 1% or higher of the share capital (which is the 
other threshold applicable under Spanish regulations). 
On 3 December 2020, a capital increase of EUR 361 million was made, with a charge to the share 
premium, through the issue of 722,526,720 shares (4.35% of the share capital). 
Therefore, Banco Santander's share capital at 31 December 2020 consisted of EUR 8,670 million, 
represented by 17,340,641,302 shares of EUR 0.50 of nominal value each and all of them of a unique 
class and series. 
At 31 December 2020, no shareholder held more than 3% of Banco Santander’s total share capital (which 
is the threshold generally provided under Spanish regulations for a significant holding in a listed company 
to be disclosed). Even though at 31 December 2020, certain custodians appeared in Banco Santander's 
shareholder registry as holding more than 3% of its share capital, the Bank understands that those shares 
were held in custody on behalf of other investors, none of whom exceeded that threshold individually. 
These custodians were State Street Bank (13.54%), The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (8.25%), 
Chase Nominees Limited (7.74%), EC Nominees Limited (3.55%), BNP Paribas (3.07%) and Caceis 
Bank (3.01%). 
Other Material Events 
The most significant transactions taking place during the first quarter of 2021 or pending at 31 March 
2021 are as follows: 
Tender offer for shares of Banco Santander México, S.A., Institución de Banca Múltiple, Grupo 
Financiero Santander Mexico 
On 26 March, Banco Santander, S.A. announced its intention to make a tender offer for all shares of 
Banco Santander Mexico, S.A., Institución de Banca Múltiple, Grupo Financiero Santander México 
("Santander México") that are not owned by Grupo Santander, representing approximately 8.3% of the 
share capital of Santander México. 
The expected consideration for shareholders accepting the offer will be MXN 24 (approximately EUR 1) 
for each Santander Mexico share (and its equivalent for each American Depositary Share, securities listed 
on the New York Stock Exchange). If all the shares held by minority shareholders accept the offer, 
considering the currently envisaged, the acquisition of 8.3% would imply an investment by Banco 
Santander S.A. of approximately MXN 13.19 billion (approximately EUR 550 million). 
The transaction is expected to close in the second or the third quarter of 2021. The beginning of the 
offering and the offering itself will be subject to customary conditions, including regulatory 
authorisation, as well as approval of the deregistration of Santander Mexico's shares on the Mexican 
Stock Exchange. This will require the acceptance of at least 95% of Santander Mexico's share capital at 
an extraordinary shareholders' meeting.  Grupo Santander currently owns 91.7% of Santander Mexico. 
Segment recast 
On 9 April 2021, the Group announced that, starting with and effective from the financial information 
for the first quarter of 2021, it would carry out a change in its reportable segments to reflect its new 
reporting structure.

--- Page 503 ---
- 503 - 
This change in the Group's reportable segments aimed to align the segment information to how segments 
and units are managed and had no impact at the Group level. The main changes, which were applied to 
segment information for all periods included in the consolidated financial statements, are the following: 
Primary segments 
(i)  
Creation of the new Digital Consumer Bank ("DCB") segment, which includes: 
Santander Consumer Finance ("SCF") and the consumer finance business in the United 
Kingdom, both of which were previously included in the Europe segment.  
The fully digital bank Openbank and the Open Digital Services ("ODS") platform, which were 
previously included in the Santander Global Platform segment. 
(ii) 
Santander Global Platform ("SGP"), which incorporated global digital services under a single 
unit, is no longer a primary segment. Its activities have been distributed as follows: 
Openbank and Open Digital Services ("ODS"), which, as mentioned above, are now included 
under the new Digital Consumer Bank reporting segment. 
The business recorded in Global Payment Services - Merchant solutions ("GMS"), Trade 
solutions ("GTS") and Consumer solutions (Superdigital and Fx Payment) - has been allocated 
to the three main geographic segments, Europe, North America and South America. 
Secondary segments 
(i) 
Creation of the PagoNxt segment, which incorporates simple and accessible digital payment 
solutions to drive customer engagement and allows the Group to combine its most disruptive 
payment businesses into a single autonomous company, providing global technology solutions 
for its banks and new customers in the open market, and which has been structured into three 
businesses, previously included in SGP: 
Merchant solutions ("GMS"): acquiring solutions for merchants. 
Trade solutions ("GTS"): Solutions for SMEs and companies operating internationally. 
Consumer solutions: Payment solutions for individuals, including the Superdigital platform, 
aimed at non-fully banked populations, and Pago FX, an international payment service in the 
open market 
(ii) 
Annual adjustment of the perimeter of the Global Customer Relationship Model between Retail 
Banking and Santander Corporate & Investment Banking and between Retail Banking and 
Wealth Management & Insurance. 
(iii) 
Elimination of the Santander Global Platform reporting segment: 
Openbank and ODS, now recorded in the Retail Banking segment. 
GMS, GTS, Superdigital and Pago FX form the new PagoNxt reporting segment. 
The Group recasted the corresponding information of earlier periods to reflect these changes in 
the structure of its internal organisation. 
4.1.6 
Credit ratings assigned to the guarantor at the request or with the cooperation of the guarantor in the 
rating process. A brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider 
See "Risk Factors – A rating downgrade could increase the cost of funding or require the Group to 
provide additional guarantees in relation to some of its derivatives contracts and other contracts entered 
into, which could have a material adverse effect". 
4.1.7 
Information on the material changes in the guarantor’s borrowing and funding structure since the 
last financial year

--- Page 504 ---
- 504 - 
There has been no material changes in the Bank's borrowing and funding structure since 31 March 2021. 
4.1.8 
Description of the expected financing of the guarantor’s activities 
Customer deposits are the Group's main source of funding, representing just over two-thirds of net 
liabilities (i.e., of the liquidity balance sheet) and nearly 93% of loans and advances to customers at the 
end of December 2020. Moreover, they are highly stable because they mainly arise from retail customer 
activity. Their weight as a percentage of loans and advances to customers grew compared to end 2019. 
Medium- and long-term funding accounted for nearly 18% of net liabilities at the end of December 2020, 
similar to 2019. It amply covers the loans and advances to customers not funded by customer deposits 
(retail funding gap). 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1 
Principal activities. 
5.1.1 
(a) 
A brief description of the guarantor's principal activities stating the main categories of 
products sold and/or services performed. 
Financial information by segment 
Description of segments 
The Group bases segment reporting on financial information presented to the chief operating decision maker, 
which excludes certain statutory results items that distort year-on-year comparisons and are not considered for 
management reporting. This financial information (underlying basis) is computed by adjusting reported results 
for the effects of certain gains and losses (e.g. capital gains, write-downs, impairment of goodwill, etc.). These 
gains and losses are items that management and investors ordinarily identify and consider separately to better 
understand the underlying trends in the business (see also note 51.c to the Group's financial statements). 
The Group has aligned the information in this section with the underlying information used internally for 
management reporting and with that presented in the Group's other public documents. 
The Group's executive committee has been selected to be its chief operating decision maker. The Group's 
operating segments reflect its organisational and managerial structures. The executive committee reviews internal 
reporting based on these segments to assess performance and allocate resources. 
The segments are split by geographic area in which profits are earned and type of business. The Group prepares 
the information by aggregating the figures for its various geographic areas and business units, relating it to both 
the accounting data of the business units integrated in each segment and that provided by management information 
systems.The same general principles as those used in the Group are applied. 
In 2020, the general criteria applied in 2019 are maintained, as well as the business segments with the following 
exceptions, which only affect the secondary segments: 
1. 
Following the creation of the reporting segment Santander Global Platform in 2019, which comprises 
the Group's global digital services under a single business unit, and its incorporation in both primary and 
secondary segments, in 2020 for better monitoring of its evolution and contribution to the Group's results, 
at the secondary segment level in addition to the results generated by the platforms, 50% of the results 
generated by countries in products linked to these platforms are considered. These results were previously 
included in Retail Banking. 
2. 
Annual adjustment of the perimeter of the Global Customer Relationship Model between Retail Banking 
and Santander Corporate & Investment Banking and between Retail Banking and Wealth Management 
& Insurance. 
These changes in the secondary segments have no impact on the primary segments and do not affect the Group’s 
figures.  
To allow better comparability of the secondary segments, 2019 data has been provided on a new basis. 
After these changes, the operating business areas are structured in two levels:

--- Page 505 ---
- 505 - 
Primary segments  
This primary level of segmentation, which is based on the Group’s management structure, comprises five 
reportable segments: four operating areas plus the Corporate Centre. The operating areas are: 
Europe: which comprises all the business activities carried out in the region. Detailed financial information is 
provided on Spain, Portugal, Poland, Santander Consumer Finance (which incorporates all the region’s business, 
including the three countries mentioned herewith) and the UK. 
North America: which comprises all the business activities carried out in Mexico and the US, which includes the 
holding company ("SHUSA") and the businesses of Santander Bank, Santander Consumer USA, the specialized 
business unit Banco Santander International, Santander Investment Securities ("SIS") and the New York branch. 
The sale of Banco Santander Puerto Rico was completed in September 2020, which was previously included in 
the US. 
South America: includes all the financial activities carried out by the Group through its banks and subsidiary 
banks in the region. Detailed information is provided on Brazil, Chile, Argentina, Uruguay, Peru and Colombia. 
Santander Global Platform: which comprises the Group's global digital services under a single business unit, 
includes Global Payments Services (Global Trade Services, Global Merchant Services, Superdigital, Pago FX), 
its fully digital bank Openbank and Open Digital Services, and Digital Assets (Centres of Digital Expertise, 
InnoVentures and Digital Assets). 
Secondary segments 
At this secondary level, the Group is structured into Retail Banking, Santander Corporate & Investment Banking, 
Wealth Management & Insurance and Santander Global Platform. 
Retail Banking: this covers all customer banking businesses, including consumer finance, except those of 
corporate banking which are managed through Santander Corporate & Investment Banking, asset management, 
private banking and insurance, which are managed by Wealth Management & Insurance and 50% of the countries’ 
results generated by digital services, which are included in  Santander Global Platform. The results of the hedging 
positions in each country are also included, conducted within the sphere of each one’s assets and liabilities 
committee.  
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking ("SCIB"): this business reflects revenue from global corporate 
banking, investment banking and markets worldwide including treasuries managed globally (always after the 
appropriate distribution with Retail Banking customers), as well as equity business. 
Wealth Management & Insurance: includes the asset management business (Santander Asset Management), 
the corporate unit of Private Banking and International Private Banking in Miami and Switzerland and the 
insurance business (Santander Insurance).  
Santander Global Platform: which comprises the Group's global digital services under a single business unit 
(breakdown in the primary segment definition), as well as 50% of the results generated by these services in the 
commercial network. 
In addition to these operating units, which report by geographic area and businesses, the Group continues to 
maintain the area of "Corporate Centre", that includes the centralised activities relating to equity stakes in 
financial companies, financial management of the structural exchange rate position, assumed within the sphere of 
the Group's assets and liabilities committee, as well as management of liquidity and of shareholders’ equity via 
issuances. 
As the Group's holding entity, this area manages all capital and reserves and allocations of capital and liquidity 
with the rest of businesses. It also incorporates amortisation of goodwill but not the costs related to the Group’s 
central services (charged to the areas), except for corporate and institutional expenses related to the Group’s 
functioning.

--- Page 506 ---
- 506 - 
Summary income statement of the Group’s main business areas 
2020 
Main items of the underlying income statement 
EUR million 
Primary segments 
Net interest 
income 
Net fee 
income 
Total 
income 
Net operating 
income 
Profit 
before tax 
Underlying 
attributable 
profit to the 
parent 
EUROPE 
14,046  
4,737  
19,69
3  
9,379  
4,167  
2,656  
Spain 
3,957  
2,314  
6,782  
3,175  
715  
517  
Santander 
Consumer Finance 
3,832  
750  
4,685  
2,703  
1,869  
1,085  
United Kingdom 
3,808  
506  
4,339  
1,697  
697  
530  
Portugal 
787  
388  
1,296  
706  
483  
338  
Poland 
1,037  
452  
1,524  
895  
370  
162  
Other 
626  
328  
1,067  
203  
32  
24  
NORTH AMERICA 
8,469  
1,661  
11,011  
6,379  
2,332  
1,492  
US 
5,645  
889  
7,360  
4,281  
1,250  
731  
Mexico 
2,825  
772  
3,651  
2,098  
1,082  
762  
SOUTH AMERICA 
10,723  
3,566  
14,845  
9,533  
5,291  
2,927  
Brazil 
7,625  
2,824  
10,866  
7,325  
4,045  
2,113  
Chile 
1,787  
335  
2,263  
1,363  
785  
432  
Argentina 
912  
273  
1,128  
496  
200  
179  
Other 
398  
134  
588  
349  
262  
203  
SANTANDER 
GLOBAL 
PLATFORM 
129  
81  
192  
(190) 
(204) 
(150) 
CORPORATE 
CENTRE 
(1,374) 
(29) 
(1,141) 
(1,470) 
(1,912) 
(1,844) 
TOTAL GROUP 
31,994  
10,015  
44,600  
23,633  
9,674  
5,081  
SECONDARY 
SEGMENTS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RETAIL BANKING 
29,544  
6,850  
37,215  
20,368  
7,531  
4,196  
CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT 
BANKING 
2,953  
1,550  
5,397  
3,328  
2,726  
1,823  
WEALTH 
MANAGEMENT & 
INSURANCE 
454  
1,194  
2,135  
1,229  
1,199  
868  
SANTANDER 
GLOBAL 
PLATFORM 
416  
449  
994  
178  
130  
39  
CORPORATE 
CENTRE 
(1,374) 
(29) 
(1,141) 
(1,470) 
(1,912) 
(1,844) 
TOTAL GROUP 
31,994  
10,015  
44,600  
23,633  
9,674  
5,081  
 
2019 
Main items of the underlying income statement 
EUR million

--- Page 507 ---
- 507 - 
Primary segments 
Net interest 
income 
Net fee 
income 
Total 
income 
Net 
operating 
income 
Profit 
before tax 
Underlying 
attributable 
profit to the 
parent 
EUROPE 
14,201  
5,260  
21,001  
9,957  
7,350  
4,878  
Spain 
3,919  
2,481  
7,506  
3,485  
2,174  
1,585  
Santander 
Consumer Finance 
3,848  
823  
4,710  
2,672  
2,215  
1,314  
United Kingdom 
3,788  
866  
4,727  
1,892  
1,455  
1,077  
Portugal 
856  
390  
1,375  
751  
750  
525  
Poland 
1,171  
467  
1,717  
1,024  
681  
349  
Other 
620  
234  
966  
133  
76  
28  
NORTH AMERICA 
8,926  
1,776  
11,604  
6,636  
2,776  
1,667  
US 
5,769  
947  
7,605  
4,309  
1,317  
717  
Mexico 
3,157  
829  
3,998  
2,327  
1,459  
950  
SOUTH AMERICA 
13,316  
4,787  
18,425  
11,769  
7,232  
3,924  
Brazil 
10,072  
3,798  
13,951  
9,345  
5,606  
2,939  
Chile 
1,867  
404  
2,539  
1,508  
1,129  
630  
Argentina 
940  
446  
1,316  
554  
217  
144  
Other 
437  
138  
619  
362  
280  
212  
SANTANDER 
GLOBAL 
PLATFORM 
92  
6  
81  
(159) 
(166) 
(120) 
CORPORATE 
CENTRE 
(1,252) 
(50) 
(1,617) 
(1,990) 
(2,262) 
(2,097) 
TOTAL GROUP 
35,283  
11,779  
49,494  
26,214  
14,929  
8,252  
Secondary segments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RETAIL BANKING 
32,862  
8,561  
42,599  
23,672  
12,953  
7,580  
CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT 
BANKING 
2,728  
1,520  
5,227  
2,945  
2,699  
1,713  
WEALTH 
MANAGEMENT & 
INSURANCE 
570  
1,199  
2,226  
1,271  
1,281  
929  
SANTANDER 
GLOBAL 
PLATFORM 
375  
549  
1,061  
315  
258  
127  
CORPORATE 
CENTRE 
(1,252) 
(50) 
(1,617) 
(1,990) 
(2,262) 
(2,097) 
TOTAL GROUP 
35,283  
11,779  
49,494  
26,214  
14,929  
8,252  
 
Primary segments 
Europe 
Strategy 
With One Santander the Group wants to create a better bank in Europe, where its customers and its employees 
feel a deep connection with Santander while delivering sustainable shareholder value, by: 
 
Growing the business by better serving customers, through capital efficient growth opportunities 
including SCIB and WM&I, simplifying the mass market value proposition, improving customer 
experience and connecting to PagoNxt. 
 
Continuing to develop the Group's omnichannel strategy, to redefine how the Group interacts with 
its customers, accelerate its digital agenda and maintain the personal relationships through its teams.

--- Page 508 ---
- 508 - 
 
Creating a common operating model in Europe, to serve the business with common platforms and 
automated operations. The Group will leverage shared services to move to a more flexible organisation 
with one aligned team across the continent. 
This transformation aims to deliver revenue growth and notable cost savings, resulting in positive operating jaws. 
In October, the Group committed to deliver EUR 1 billion additional cost savings over the next two years after it 
achieved its previous target early. 
In 2021 the Group will see the first steps of this deep transformation. Particular focus will be on changing how it 
manages its business with new regional business owners, who will define the vision and end-to-end value 
proposition for each customer area and deliver through agile teams in all countries. 
Business performance 
Loans and advances to customers remained virtually unchanged year-on-year. In gross terms, excluding reverse 
repurchase agreements and the exchange rate impact, they rose 4%, with broad-based growth in all countries. Of 
note were the UK (mortgages), Spain (mainly corporates due to ICO-guaranteed loans) and Portugal (mortgages 
and corporates), as well as a positive performance in SCIB (mainly in Other Europe, but in the other countries as 
well). 
Customer deposits increased by 4% compared to 2019. Excluding repurchase agreements and the FX impact, they 
were up 6% with rises in all countries.  
Mutual funds grew 4% (+5% excluding FX impact), predominantly driven by Portugal (+6%) and Other Europe 
(+56%), boosting customer funds by 4% (+6% excluding the exchange rate impact). 
Results 
Underlying attributable profit in 2020 was EUR 2,656 million (37% of the Group's total operating areas), and 
underlying RoTE was 5.5%. 
Compared to 2019, underlying attributable profit, was down 45% in constant euros (-46% in euros), as follows: 
 
Total income declined 5% dampened by the health crisis,  low interest rates, lower income from real 
estate stakes in Spain and the higher contribution to the DGF. 
Net interest income remained stable benefiting from higher volumes, interest rate management and the 
positive TLTRO impact. 
 
Administrative expenses and amortisations decreased 6% stemming from optimisations in recent 
years and the efficiencies generated since the pandemic began.  
 
Net loan-loss provisions, which to some extent anticipate potential future impacts, increased sharply 
amid the covid-19 health crisis. However, the NPL ratio improved 10 bps to 3.15% due to risk 
management and other initiatives such as non-performing portfolio sales. 
 
Other gains (losses) and provisions increased their loss during the year, mainly in the UK and Poland 
for potential legal contingencies and other provisions.  
EUROPE 
 
 
 
 
EUR million 
 
 
 
 
Underlying income statement 
2020 
2019 
% 
%  excl. FX 
Net interest income 
14,046  
14,201  
(1.1) 
0.0  
 
Net fee income 
4,737  
5,260  
(9.9) 
(9.4) 
 
Gains (losses) on financial transactions A 
884  
1,035  
(14.6) 
(14.2) 
 
Other operating income 
26  
505  
(94.9) 
(94.9) 
 
Total income 
19,693  
21,001  
(6.2) 
(5.4) 
 
Administrative expenses and amortisations 
(10,314) 
(11,044) 
(6.6) 
(5.8) 
 
Net operating income 
9,379  
9,957  
(5.8) 
(4.8) 
 
Net loan-loss provisions 
(4,299) 
(1,839) 
133.8  
136.3  
 
Other gains (losses) and provisions 
(914) 
(768) 
18.9  
20.1  
 
Profit before tax 
4,167  
7,350  
(43.3) 
(42.7)

--- Page 509 ---
- 509 - 
Tax on profit 
(1,132) 
(1,979) 
(42.8) 
(42.3) 
 
Profit from continuing operations 
3,035  
5,371  
(43.5) 
(42.9) 
 
Net profit from discontinued operations 
—  
—  
—  
—  
 
Consolidated profit 
3,035  
5,371  
(43.5) 
(42.9) 
 
Non-controlling interests 
(379) 
(493) 
(23.2) 
(22.1) 
 
Underlying attributable profit to the parent 
2,656  
4,878  
(45.6) 
(45.0) 
 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers 
675,895  
676,904  
(0.1) 
2.6  
 
Cash, central banks and credit institutions 
224,793  
180,389  
24.6  
26.2  
 
Debt instruments 
86,925  
104,382  
(16.7) 
(15.2) 
 
Other financial assets 
48,266  
53,893  
(10.4) 
(10.2) 
 
Other asset accounts 
41,658  
41,471  
0.5  
2.2  
 
Total assets 
1,077,537  1,057,038  
1.9  
4.2  
 
Customer deposits 
622,826  
600,380  
3.7  
6.4  
 
Central banks and credit institutions 
208,408  
189,792  
9.8  
11.2  
 
Marketable debt securities 
120,166  
133,544  
(10.0) 
(7.4) 
 
Other financial liabilities 
55,919  
60,807  
(8.0) 
(7.7) 
 
Other liabilities accounts 
15,635  
16,383  
(4.6) 
(2.6) 
 
Total liabilities 
1,022,954  1,000,906  
2.2  
4.5  
 
Total equity 
54,583  
56,133  
(2.8) 
(0.1) 
 
Pro memoria: 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross loans and advances to customers B 
658,471  
650,552  
1.2  
3.9  
 
Customer funds 
696,427  
671,032  
3.8  
6.1  
 
Customer deposits C 
603,450  
581,395  
3.8  
6.4  
 
Mutual funds 
92,977  
89,637  
3.7  
4.6  
 
Ratios (%) and operating data 
 
 
 
 
 
Underlying RoTE 
5.48  
10.00  
(4.51) 
 
 
Efficiency ratio 
52.4  
52.6  
(0.2) 
 
 
NPL ratio 
3.15  
3.25  
(0.10) 
 
 
NPL coverage 
57.3  
49.8  
7.5  
 
 
Number of employees 
83,976  
86,574  
(3.0) 
 
 
Number of branches 
4,846  
5,336  
(9.2) 
 
 
A. Includes exchange differences.  
B. Excluding reverse repos.  
C. Excluding repos.  
Spain 
Strategy 
Commercial activity was strongly affected in 2020, particularly during the worst months of the pandemic. Since 
the outbreak, Santander España has run initiatives to support its stakeholders: 
 
Protecting its employees: it introduced remote working measures, encouraged the use of digital channels 
and implemented health protection measures at its facilities.  
 
Supporting its customers: it channelled EUR 30.8 billion in ICO-backed loans (approved loans and 
credit lines) to the self-employed, SME and corporates (reaching a 27% market share) and granted more 
than 180,000 payment holidays to households. 
 
Contributing to society: it launched the Together in Solidarity Fund, with more than EUR 25 million 
invested in solidarity initiatives. 
As regards the main loyalty drivers and performance by segment in 2020: 
 
For SMEs and corporates, it simplified its value proposition with Santander One, a pioneering model 
in Spain's financial industry, that provides subscription-based, personalized financial services, centred 
on customer loyalty.

--- Page 510 ---
- 510 - 
 
In Insurance, the performance of its agreements with Aegon and Mapfre to provide a complete 
insurance offering, which boosted growth in non-credit related premiums by more than 27% year-on-
year. 
 
In Private Banking, it remained a market leader, being named Best Private Banking Overall in Spain by 
Euromoney and Global Finance. 
 
In SCIB, it obtained solid results, maintaining its leadership in the main league tables despite the 
uncertain market environment and the covid-19 impacts.  
Santander España continued to ramp up its digitalisation, leading to an 11% increase in digital customers in the 
year and more than 100 million accesses to digital channels per month. Its app and website led the Aqmetix 
ranking. 
The strategic agreement with Correos increases its network services at more than 4,600 offices and bolsters its 
financial services in Spain's rural areas. 
Santander España reaffirmed its Responsible Banking commitment, with sustainable growth initiatives, as well 
as leading SRI Funds with a 44% market share. 
Lastly, Santander España was named Best Company to Work For by Top Employers. 
Business performance 
Loans and advances to customers rose 5%. In gross terms, excluding reverse repurchase agreements, they 
increased by EUR 9,455 million (+5%) strongly driven by the self-employed, SMEs and corporates. Mortgage 
completions and consumer lending remained below 2019 levels, in line with the economic slowdown. 
Customer deposits increased 5% compared to 2019. Excluding repos, growth was also 5% boosted by demand 
deposits (+9% year-on-year). Regarding mutual funds, assets under management increased 1% despite the initial 
impact of the pandemic, as net inflows were positive in the last seven months. 
Results 
Underlying attributable profit amounted to EUR 517 million (7% of the Group’s total operating areas) with 
an underlying RoTE of 3%. 
Compared to 2019, underlying attributable profit was 67% lower. By line: 
 
Total income declined 10% impacted primarily by lower net fee income from reduced transaction 
volumes and market performance, and lower income from real estate stakes. Conversely, net interest 
income had no material change after absorbing the impact of negative interest rates and smaller ALCO 
portfolio.  
 
Administrative expenses and amortisations fell at double-digit rates (-10% year-on-year) through the 
development of the Group's distribution model. 
 
Higher loan-loss provisions for potential future impacts of the uncertainty caused by the covid-19 crisis. 
Despite the economic recession, the NPL ratio improved 71 bps year-on-year, mainly due to the high 
level of corporate loans and a non-performing portfolio sale for EUR 1.5 billion. Coverage ratio increased 
6 pp. 
 
Other gains (losses) and provisions, where provisions related to foreclosed assets and increased 
operational risk are recorded, had no material change. 
Spain 
 
 
 
EUR million 
 
 
 
Underlying income statement 
2020 
2019 
% 
Net interest income 
3,957  
3,919  
1.0  
Net fee income 
2,314  
2,481  
(6.7) 
Gains (losses) on financial transactions A 
781  
1,046  
(25.4) 
Other operating income 
(269) 
61  
0.0

--- Page 511 ---
- 511 - 
Total income 
6,782  
7,506  
(9.6) 
Administrative expenses and amortisations 
(3,607) 
(4,021) 
(10.3) 
Net operating income 
3,175  
3,485  
(8.9) 
Net loan-loss provisions 
(2,001) 
(856) 
133.7  
Other gains (losses) and provisions 
(459) 
(455) 
0.9  
Profit before tax 
715  
2,174  
(67.1) 
Tax on profit 
(199) 
(589) 
(66.2) 
Profit from continuing operations 
516  
1,585  
(67.4) 
Net profit from discontinued operations 
—  
—  
—  
Consolidated profit 
516  
1,585  
(67.4) 
Non-controlling interests 
0  
0  
0.0  
Underlying attributable profit to the parent 
517  
1,585  
(67.4) 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers 
194,239  
185,179  
4.9  
Cash, central banks and credit institutions 
113,518  
78,334  
44.9  
Debt instruments 
21,654  
34,288  
(36.8) 
Other financial assets 
2,671  
1,393  
91.8  
Other asset accounts 
22,438  
23,908  
(6.1) 
Total assets 
354,521  
323,102  
9.7  
Customer deposits 
251,375  
240,427  
4.6  
Central banks and credit institutions 
48,305  
25,231  
91.4  
Marketable debt securities 
26,068  
26,855  
(2.9) 
Other financial liabilities 
9,344  
8,971  
4.2  
Other liabilities accounts 
4,112  
5,222  
(21.3) 
Total liabilities 
339,203  
306,706  
10.6  
Total equity 
15,318  
16,396  
(6.6) 
Pro memoria: 
 
 
 
Gross loans and advances to customers B 
200,735  
191,280  
4.9  
Customer funds 
320,879  
308,747  
3.9  
Customer deposits C 
251,375  
240,126  
4.7  
Mutual funds 
69,503  
68,621  
1.3  
Ratios (%) and operating data 
 
 
 
Underlying RoTE 
3.30  
10.48  
(7.18) 
Efficiency ratio 
53.2  
53.6  
(0.4) 
NPL ratio 
6.23  
6.94  
(0.71) 
NPL coverage 
47.1  
41.1  
6.0  
Number of employees 
26,961  
27,630  
(2.4) 
Number of branches 
2,939  
3,235  
(9.1) 
 
A. Includes exchange differences.  
B. Excluding reverse repos. 
C. Excluding repos. 
 
Santander Consumer Finance 
Strategy 
Santander Consumer Finance ("SCF") is Europe's consumer finance leader, present in 15 countries with more 
than 130,000 associated points of sale (auto dealers and shops). It also has numerous finance agreements with 
auto and motorcycle manufacturers and retail distribution groups.  
In 2020 management focused on:  
 
strengthening leadership position in the retail auto finance market, while optimising capital consumption 
and driving growth in consumer finance;  
 
proactively managing brand agreements and developing digital projects, helping its partners with their 
digitalisation and transformation plans;

--- Page 512 ---
- 512 - 
 
executing the 2019 strategic operations as a key element to maintain high profitability and best-in-class 
efficiency:  
 
the agreement with Hyundai Kia in Germany to acquire 51% of its auto financing company, and 
 
the agreement with Ford Motor Company to acquire Forso AB (Fords' financial entity) in the 
Nordic countries. 
As a result of these priorities, SCF continued to gain market share amid the health crisis, underpinned by its 
business model: highly diversified by countries with a critical mass in key products. 
SCF also maintained its leadership position in profitability, more than doubling the RoA of pan-European 
competitors, and in efficiency it was the only player who improved.  
It signed new agreements with retail distributors and manufacturers, to assist them in their commercial 
transformation and increase the value proposition for the end customer.  It struck two main strategic deals to 
strengthen its presence in Europe, maintain its auto finance leadership position and boost digital channels: the 
acquisition of 46% of Sixt Leasing and the joint consumer finance operation with Telecom Italia Mobile.  
SCF was once again named Top Employer 2020 in Austria, Belgium, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands and Poland. 
Looking forward, it announced the creation of Santander Digital Consumer Bank, a new business with the aim 
of building a global digital consumer finance business based on SCF and Openbank's digital platform technology. 
Openbank is a 100% digital bank and is the largest digital bank in Europe. It has a complete set of banking services 
that come on top of its unique, scalable and efficient software package. Together, they will form a very potent 
business. 
Business performance  
Most of SCF’s markets were significantly affected in 2020 by the isolation measures related to covid-19, which 
was reflected in a 12% fall in new lending (significantly better than 24% fall in European new car sales), despite 
recovering pre-crisis levels in the second half of the year. The largest falls were in Southern Europe, which was 
most affected by isolation measures, whereas Northern European markets were stronger. 
In order to compensate lost revenue, several measures are being carried out to reduce risk, including expense 
reductions, income initiatives in pricing and cost of funding. 
The stock of loans and advances fell 1% year-on year. In gross terms, excluding the exchange rate impact and 
reverse repos, it was in line with 2019. 
Customer deposits were flat (+1% excluding the exchange rate impact). SCF's recourse to wholesale funding 
markets remained strong, obtaining EUR 10 billion in 2020. Additionally, it increased funding from the ECB 
(+85%) to take advantage of the favourable conditions. 
Results 
Underlying attributable profit in 2020 was EUR 1,085 million, (15% of the Group’s total operating areas) and 
underlying RoTE was 13%.  
Compared to 2019, underlying profit was down 16% in constant euros (-17% in euros), as follows: 
 
Total income increased 1% driven by net interest income (greater stock of loans and revenue actions), 
while fees fell due to the reduction in new business. Income was partially offset by the European Court 
of Justice ruling regarding early repayment of loans and interest rate limitations. 
 
Administrative expenses and amortisations were down 2% mainly due to covid-19 mitigation actions 
and continued efficiency projects, resulting in a 99 bp efficiency improvement to 42.3% and in a 3% 
growth in net operating income. 
 
Net loan-loss provisions rose significantly affected mainly by covid-related provisions and positive one-
offs recorded in 2019. Cost of credit stood at 0.88%, NPL ratio at 2.36% and coverage rose to 111%.

--- Page 513 ---
- 513 - 
 
Other gains (losses) and provisions improved, in part due to greater releases and lower impairments of 
intangible assets (software) which offset regulatory impacts in Poland. 
 
As a result, net profit before minority interests was EUR 1,364 million in 2020, decreased 14% 
compared to 2019.   
 
The largest contribution to the underlying attributable profit came from Germany (EUR 360 million), the 
Nordics (EUR 206 million), Spain (EUR 118 million) and France (EUR 100 million). 
Santander Consumer Finance 
 
 
 
 
EUR million 
 
 
 
 
Underlying income statement 
2020  
2019  
% 
%  excl. 
FX 
Net interest income 
3,832  
3,848  
(0.4) 
1.2  
Net fee income 
750  
823  
(8.8) 
(8.4) 
Gains (losses) on financial transactions A 
21  
(8) 
—  
—  
Other operating income 
82  
47  
74.4  
77.2  
Total income 
4,685  
4,710  
(0.5) 
0.9  
Administrative expenses and amortisations 
(1,981) 
(2,038) 
(2.8) 
(1.5) 
Net operating income 
2,703  
2,672  
1.2  
2.8  
Net loan-loss provisions 
(899) 
(477) 
88.6  
92.3  
Other gains (losses) and provisions 
65  
20  
217.7  
199.4  
Profit before tax 
1,869  
2,215  
(15.6) 
(14.4) 
Tax on profit 
(505) 
(598) 
(15.6) 
(14.6) 
Profit from continuing operations 
1,364  
1,618  
(15.6) 
(14.3) 
Net profit from discontinued operations 
—  
—  
—  
—  
Consolidated profit 
1,364  
1,618  
(15.6) 
(14.3) 
Non-controlling interests 
(280) 
(303) 
(7.8) 
(7.6) 
Underlying attributable profit to the parent 
1,085  
1,314  
(17.4) 
(15.9) 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers 
101,043  
102,262  
(1.2) 
(0.2) 
Cash, central banks and credit institutions 
11,297  
8,258  
36.8  
38.4  
Debt instruments 
5,658  
3,197  
77.0  
82.3  
Other financial assets 
29  
33  
(12.5) 
(11.6) 
Other asset accounts 
4,961  
4,001  
24.0  
25.2  
Total assets 
122,987  
117,750  
4.4  
5.6  
Customer deposits 
39,488  
39,602  
(0.3) 
1.1  
Central banks and credit institutions 
32,729  
25,159  
30.1  
31.2  
Marketable debt securities 
34,554  
36,776  
(6.0) 
(5.3) 
Other financial liabilities 
1,175  
1,413  
(16.9) 
(16.1) 
Other liabilities accounts 
3,763  
3,865  
(2.7) 
(1.9) 
Total liabilities 
111,709  
106,815  
4.6  
5.7  
Total equity 
11,279  
10,935  
3.1  
4.8  
Pro memoria: 
 
 
 
 
Gross loans and advances to customers B 
103,734  
104,783  
(1.0) 
0.0  
Customer funds 
39,488  
39,602  
(0.3) 
1.1  
Customer deposits C 
39,488  
39,602  
(0.3) 
1.1  
Mutual funds 
—  
—  
—  
—  
Ratios (%) and operating data 
 
 
 
 
Underlying RoTE 
12.52  
15.26  
(2.74) 
 
Efficiency ratio 
42.3  
43.3  
(1.0) 
 
NPL ratio 
2.36  
2.30  
0.06  
 
NPL coverage 
111.0  
106.1  
4.9  
 
Number of employees 
14,376  
14,448  
(0.5) 
 
Number of branches 
352  
416  
(15.4) 
 
 
A. Includes exchange differences.  
B. Excluding reverse repos.  
C. Excluding repos.

--- Page 514 ---
- 514 - 
United Kingdom 
Strategy 
In the United Kingdom, the Group is delivering on its strategy with a focus on greater customer loyalty. It 
continues to enhance its operating model, structures and productivity while simplifying, digitalising and 
automating the business. It is applying learnings from the covid-19 pandemic, including accelerated customer 
digital adoption, property strategy, digitalisation and automation. 
Its strategy, combined with the decisive management actions and the resilience of its balance sheet will deliver on 
its purpose to help people and business prosper. 
It has continued to focus on its core mortgage business, having granted over GBP 4.4 billion in new mortgage 
loans, a strong rebound in application volumes following the Q2 lockdown.  
It also supported over 150,000 businesses, by granting GBP 4.6 billion under government schemes. It is 
continuing to develop its international proposition; it held 80 virtual trade events and increased the number of 
trade corridors, up by 3 to 20. It has helped 373,000 retail customers with payment holidays, including mortgages 
and consumer loans, a huge operational effort.  
In order to deliver excellent customer experience, it further developed its digital proposition. The number of digital 
customers reached 6.3 million, up 8% year-on-year. It retained 68% of refinanced mortgage loans online, an 
increase of 8 pp year-on-year. It also opened 82% of current accounts and 90% of credit cards through digital 
channels, up 30 pp and 28 pp year-on-year respectively. 
To support this increased digitalisation, it introduced Chat, a new digital channel providing 24/7 service via a 
chatbot and access to colleagues via Live Chat. Since April 2020, it has seen over 3.7 million conversations, with 
volumes growing from 1,000 per day to over 25,000. To ensure sufficient capacity, it trained 4,000 colleagues 
and introduced a continuous optimisation model for chatbot. 
It also turned its branch fraud and scam workshops into virtual events for customers, colleagues and communities, 
open for all to attend. Following a trial in June 2020, it incorporated feedback for phase two and held 69 events 
with 1,700 attendees and a satisfaction score of 89%. 
Finally, its multi-year transformation programme continues, with GBP 330 million invested and GBP 
244 million of savings since it commenced in 2019. This programme is an integral part of One Santander strategy. 
Business performance 
Loans and advances to customers decreased 5% in euros compared to 2019. In gross terms, excluding reverse 
repurchase agreements and the exchange rate impact, they rose 3%. Growth was driven by new mortgage loans 
from the pent up demand and stamp duty relief, and flows in corporates almost exclusively via government 
schemes. 
Customer deposits rose 2% in euros and were 8% higher excluding repurchase agreements and the exchange rate 
impact. Demand deposits increased 11%, while time deposits fell 16%. Mutual funds were up 2%. 
Results 
Underlying attributable profit was EUR 530 million in 2020 (8% of the Group’s total operating areas), and 
underlying RoTE was 3.9%. 
Compared to 2019, underlying attributable profit was 51% lower in euros and 50% lower in constant euros. By 
line: 
 
Total income declined 7%, particularly due to a 41% reduction in net fee income (lower customer 
activity and regulatory changes to overdrafts), asset repricing following the Bank of England base rate 
reduction, and, to a lesser extent, lower gains on financial transactions.  
Conversely, net interest income picked up strongly in the second half of the year resulting in a 2% 
increase, due to liability repricing actions, in particular the 1I2I3 Current Account, and stronger volumes.

--- Page 515 ---
- 515 - 
 
Administrative expenses and amortisations declined 6% reflecting realized efficiency savings from 
the Group's transformation programme and lower costs related to commercial activity. This was partially 
offset by covid-19 related costs. 
 
Net loan-loss provisions increased significantly due to covid-related charges for expected credit losses, 
however from very low levels. Cost of credit remained low (28 bps) and the NPL ratio was 1.21%. The 
coverage ratio rose 11 pp to 48%. 
 
The negative impact from other gains (losses) and provisions increased 47%, in part due to potential 
legal contingencies. 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
EUR million 
 
 
 
 
Underlying income statement 
2020  
2019  
% 
%  excl. 
FX 
Net interest income 
3,808  
3,788  
0.5  
1.9  
Net fee income 
506  
866  
(41.6) 
(40.8) 
 
 
 
 
 
Gains (losses) on financial transactions A 
(26) 
12  
0.0  
0.0  
Other operating income 
51  
62  
(17.1) 
(16.0) 
Total income 
4,339  
4,727  
(8.2) 
(7.0) 
Administrative expenses and amortisations 
(2,642) 
(2,835) 
(6.8) 
(5.6) 
Net operating income 
1,697  
1,892  
(10.3) 
(9.1) 
Net loan-loss provisions 
(733) 
(253) 
190.0  
194.0  
Other gains (losses) and provisions 
(267) 
(184) 
44.9  
46.8  
Profit before tax 
697  
1,455  
(52.1) 
(51.4) 
Tax on profit 
(146) 
(355) 
(58.9) 
(58.4) 
Profit from continuing operations 
551  
1,100  
(49.9) 
(49.2) 
Net profit from discontinued operations 
—  
—  
—  
—  
Consolidated profit 
551  
1,100  
(49.9) 
(49.2) 
Non-controlling interests 
(21) 
(22) 
(4.9) 
(3.7) 
Underlying attributable profit to the parent 
530  
1,077  
(50.8) 
(50.2) 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers 
261,062  
273,528  
(4.6) 
0.7  
Cash, central banks and credit institutions 
54,576  
39,314  
38.8  
46.5  
Debt instruments 
11,527  
20,187  
(42.9) 
(39.7) 
Other financial assets 
712  
943  
(24.4) 
(20.3) 
Other asset accounts 
9,173  
8,498  
7.9  
13.9  
Total assets 
337,050  
342,470  
(1.6) 
3.9  
Customer deposits 
232,923  
229,361  
1.6  
7.2  
Central banks and credit institutions 
29,302  
25,075  
16.9  
23.3  
Marketable debt securities 
52,562  
64,340  
(18.3) 
(13.8) 
Other financial liabilities 
2,448  
2,671  
(8.3) 
(3.2) 
Other liabilities accounts 
4,624  
4,409  
4.9  
10.7  
Total liabilities 
321,860  
325,856  
(1.2) 
4.3  
Total equity 
15,189  
16,614  
(8.6) 
(3.5) 
Pro memoria: 
 
 
 
 
Gross loans and advances to customers B 
242,090  
249,214  
(2.9) 
2.5  
Customer funds 
223,270  
218,944  
2.0  
7.6  
Customer deposits C 
215,332  
210,727  
2.2  
7.9  
Mutual funds 
7,938  
8,218  
(3.4) 
2.0  
Ratios (%) and operating data 
 
 
 
 
Underlying RoTE 
3.85  
7.28  
(3.43) 
 
Efficiency ratio 
60.9  
60.0  
0.9  
 
NPL ratio 
1.21  
1.01  
0.20  
 
NPL coverage 
47.9  
36.5  
11.4  
 
Number of employees 
22,931  
24,490  
(6.4) 
 
Number of branches 
564  
616  
(8.4)

--- Page 516 ---
- 516 - 
A. Includes exchange differences. 
B. Excluding reverse repos.  
C. Excluding repos.  
 
Portugal 
Strategy 
In 2020, amid the pandemic, Santander Portugal maintained its product and service proposition adapted to 
customer needs by: 
 
Continued support through the commercial network, focusing primarily on increasing the use of digital 
channels. As a result, digital sales were higher (and now account for 43% of the total) and the number 
of digital customers increased 20% year-on-year. 
 
Supporting its customers, giving them the option to take payment holidays and offering government lines 
of credit set up to support businesses. It also monitored changing customer needs given the complex 
environment. 
Santander Portugal continued to implement its commercial and digital transformation strategy, adapting it to 
the changes accelerated by the pandemic, which became one of the main growth drivers in customers, loyalty and 
improving service quality: 
 
As at December 2020, loyal customers rose 4% to 812,000. Santander Portugal opened Boutique 
Santander, the first virtual marketplace in the country, with instant personal loans and real-time loan 
simulations. 
 
Commercial simplification and the proactive approach of its commercial network, enabled it to achieve 
the best NPS in Portugal for its service quality. 
 
Santander Portugal is the leading digital payments bank, offering services using ApplePay and 
smartwatches and wearables (Apple, Garmin and Fitbit), in addition to the Santander Wallet App. 
 
In 2020, it continued to be recognized for its activity, named the Best Bank in Portugal and Best Private 
Banking in Portugal in 2019 by Euromoney and Global Finance, as well as Best Retail Bank by World 
Finance.  
 
It remained among Great Place to Work's top 3 best companies to work for in Portugal. 
 
It maintained the highest risk ratings, aligned with or above the sovereign’s. 
Business performance 
Loans and advances to customers increased 7%. Excluding reverse repos, gross loans and advances to customers 
rose 8% year-on-year, backed by steady growth in corporate loans (underpinned by the state-backed lines of credit) 
and mortgages. 
Customer funds (excluding repos) rose 2% mostly due to demand deposits (+17% year-on-year). In the fourth 
quarter, mutual funds picked up (+9% compared to September), leading to a 6% year-on-year increase. 
Results 
Underlying attributable profit was EUR 338 million in the year (5% of the Group’s total operating areas), and 
underlying RoTE was 9%. 
Compared to 2019, underlying attributable profit dropped 36%. By line: 
 
Total income decreased 6%, weighed down by the impact of the pandemic in net interest income (lower 
interest  rates) and net fee income (lower volumes and suspension of fees for digital payments and 
payment holidays in loans). Gains on financial transactions remained flat, but were offset by reduced 
insurance activity and the higher contribution to the SRF.

--- Page 517 ---
- 517 - 
 
Administrative expenses and amortisations fell 5% driven by the ongoing transformation process, 
resulting in a efficiency ratio around 45.5%. 
 
Higher net loan-loss provisions for possible future impacts of the pandemic, raising the cost of credit to 
0.51%. The NPL ratio fell to 3.89%. 
 
Other gains (losses) and provisions remained insignificant. However, the increased in the year driven 
by foreclosed assets. 
Portugal 
 
 
 
EUR million 
 
 
 
Underlying income statement 
2020  
2019  
% 
Net interest income 
787  
856  
(8.1) 
Net fee income 
388  
390  
(0.6) 
Gains (losses) on financial transactions A 
111  
111  
0.2  
Other operating income 
10  
17  
(41.8) 
Total income 
1,296  
1,375  
(5.7) 
Administrative expenses and amortisations 
(590) 
(623) 
(5.3) 
Net operating income 
706  
751  
(6.1) 
Net loan-loss provisions 
(193) 
8  
—  
Other gains (losses) and provisions 
(29) 
(9) 
213.4  
Profit before tax 
483  
750  
(35.5) 
Tax on profit 
(145) 
(223) 
(35.2) 
Profit from continuing operations 
339  
527  
(35.7) 
Net profit from discontinued operations 
—  
—  
—  
Consolidated profit 
339  
527  
(35.7) 
Non-controlling interests 
0  
(2) 
(76.4) 
Underlying attributable profit to the parent 
338  
525  
(35.5) 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers 
38,058  
35,406  
7.5  
Cash, central banks and credit institutions 
5,819  
4,675  
24.5  
Debt instruments 
11,569  
12,580  
(8.0) 
Other financial assets 
1,487  
1,695  
(12.3) 
Other asset accounts 
1,475  
1,769  
(16.6) 
Total assets 
58,408  
56,125  
4.1  
Customer deposits 
39,881  
39,258  
1.6  
Central banks and credit institutions 
9,974  
8,003  
24.6  
Marketable debt securities 
2,520  
3,384  
(25.5) 
Other financial liabilities 
249  
276  
(9.8) 
Other liabilities accounts 
1,643  
1,516  
8.4  
Total liabilities 
54,267  
52,438  
3.5  
Total equity 
4,141  
3,688  
12.3  
Pro memoria: 
 
 
 
Gross loans and advances to customers B 
39,054  
36,321  
7.5  
Customer funds 
43,133  
42,324  
1.9  
Customer deposits C 
39,881  
39,258  
1.6  
Mutual funds 
3,252  
3,066  
6.1  
Ratios (%) and operating data 
 
 
 
Underlying RoTE 
8.73  
12.80  
(4.07) 
Efficiency ratio 
45.5  
45.3  
0.2  
NPL ratio 
3.89  
4.83  
(0.94) 
NPL coverage 
66.5  
52.8  
13.7  
Number of employees 
6,336  
6,582  
(3.7) 
Number of branches 
477  
542  
(12.0) 
 
A. Includes exchange differences.  
B. Excluding reverse repos.  
C. Excluding repos.

--- Page 518 ---
- 518 - 
Poland 
Strategy 
In an environment heavily impacted by the pandemic, the Group's digital growth strategy focused on end-to-end 
digitalisation and accelerated significantly in all key products: personal loans, new account openings and 
insurance sales, together with SME loans and mortgages. 
Santander Bank Polska continued its aim to become the bank of first choice, anticipating and responding to 
customer expectations. Digital transformation mainly centred on new services, such as a single login for 
individuals and businesses, a facility to customize customer login settings for internet and mobile banking and 
strong customer authentication ("SCA"). 
Retail and SME banking activity was hit hard by the pandemic, which reduced customer and branch activity, 
as well as sales. Santander Bank Polska focused on revenue recovery and cost optimisation, while improving its 
products and processes to maximize self-service and increase digital sales.  
It also introduced new customer experience and loyalty solutions, by: 
 
Adjusting the credit policy of consumer loans to customer risk. 
 
Increasing its life insurance proposition for mortgages and creating new bancassurance sales processes. 
 
Launching new mortgage-related products (personal accounts, credit cards, life and property insurance). 
 
Promoting the use of remote channels for SME loans. 
 
Enabling the opening of personal accounts through a selfie. 
In Q4'20, it launched iBiznes24 to support its corporate clients’ financial management through a new design with 
more functionalities. This new system provides full online access to company accounts under the best user 
experience standards. 
CIB maintained its leading position in corporate finance advisory services in Poland, especially in the equity 
capital markets, and was involved in: 
 
The largest initial public offering in the history of the Warsaw Stock Exchange (Allegro, market cap of 
EUR 17 bn during the offer). 
 
The second largest public tender offer in the history of the Warsaw Stock Exchange for a 
telecommunications client. 
 
The third largest public tender offer in the history of the Warsaw Stock Exchange for a hospitality client. 
Business performance 
Loans and advances to customers were down 7% in euros compared to December 2019. In gross terms and 
excluding reverse repurchase agreements and the exchange rate impact, loans increased modestly year-on-year in 
constant euros (+1%). By segment, volumes grew in individuals (+2%) and SMEs (+3%). Corporates fell 5% due 
to excess liquidity in the market. 
Customer deposits increased 4% year-on-year in euros. Excluding repurchase agreements and at constant 
exchange rates, deposits grew 12% year-on-year, boosted by SMEs (+36%) and corporates (+22%). CIB’s deposit 
base showed an annual decrease of 33%. Santander Bank Polska continued to actively manage deposits to optimise 
the cost of funding. 
Total customer funds, including mutual funds, were 10% higher (excluding the exchange rate impact). 
Results 
Underlying attributable profit in 2020 was EUR 162 million (2% of the Group's total operating areas), and 
underlying RoTE was 5%.

--- Page 519 ---
- 519 - 
Compared to 2019, underlying profit fell 54% in euros and 52% excluding the exchange rate impact. By line: 
 
Total income fell 8% due to lower net interest income (8%), impacted by interest rate cuts (-140 bps 
during the year) and a higher Deposit Guarantee Fund (BFG) contribution. Net fee income saw no 
material change. 
 
Administrative expenses and amortisations dropped 6% year-on-year driven by personnel expenses 
and general and administrative expenses. 
 
Net loan-loss provisions increased 57% year-on-year due to higher charges in the SME and CIB 
segments, and, to a lesser extent, higher provisions for individuals. All of them were affected by covid-
19. 
 
Other gains (losses) and provisions increased 60% due to higher provisions for potential legal claims. 
Poland 
 
 
 
 
EUR million 
 
 
 
 
Underlying income statement 
2020  
2019  
% 
%  excl. 
FX 
Net interest income 
1,037  
1,171  
(11.4) 
(8.5) 
Net fee income 
452  
467  
(3.1) 
0.2  
Gains (losses) on financial transactions A 
90  
93  
(3.3) 
0.0  
Other operating income 
(55) 
(13) 
327.6  
341.9  
Total income 
1,524  
1,717  
(11.3) 
(8.3) 
Administrative expenses and amortisations 
(629) 
(693) 
(9.3) 
(6.2) 
Net operating income 
895  
1,024  
(12.6) 
(9.7) 
Net loan-loss provisions 
(330) 
(217) 
52.2  
57.3  
Other gains (losses) and provisions 
(195) 
(127) 
54.4  
59.5  
Profit before tax 
370  
681  
(45.7) 
(43.9) 
Tax on profit 
(130) 
(170) 
(23.5) 
(21.0) 
Profit from continuing operations 
240  
511  
(53.1) 
(51.5) 
Net profit from discontinued operations 
—  
—  
—  
—  
Consolidated profit 
240  
511  
(53.1) 
(51.5) 
Non-controlling interests 
(78) 
(162) 
(52.0) 
(50.4) 
Underlying attributable profit to the parent 
162  
349  
(53.5) 
(52.0) 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers 
28,025  
30,034  
(6.7) 
(0.1) 
Cash, central banks and credit institutions 
2,539  
3,398  
(25.3) 
(20.0) 
Debt instruments 
14,006  
9,285  
50.8  
61.6  
Other financial assets 
980  
630  
55.7  
66.7  
Other asset accounts 
1,341  
1,341  
0.0  
7.1  
Total assets 
46,890  
44,688  
4.9  
12.4  
Customer deposits 
34,868  
33,485  
4.1  
11.5  
Central banks and credit institutions 
2,613  
2,319  
12.7  
20.7  
Marketable debt securities 
2,110  
2,171  
(2.8) 
4.1  
Other financial liabilities 
993  
762  
30.3  
39.6  
Other liabilities accounts 
1,232  
923  
33.5  
43.0  
Total liabilities 
41,816  
39,659  
5.4  
12.9  
Total equity 
5,074  
5,029  
0.9  
8.1  
Pro memoria: 
 
 
 
 
Gross loans and advances to customers B 
29,055  
30,925  
(6.0) 
0.6  
Customer funds 
38,889  
37,929  
2.5  
9.8  
    Customer deposits C 
34,865  
33,485  
4.1  
11.5  
    Mutual funds 
4,023  
4,444  
(9.5) 
(3.0) 
Ratios (%) and operating data 
 
 
 
 
Underlying RoTE 
5.05  
11.23  
(6.17) 
 
Efficiency ratio 
41.3  
40.4  
0.9  
 
NPL ratio 
4.74  
4.31  
0.43  
 
NPL coverage 
70.7  
66.8  
3.9

--- Page 520 ---
- 520 - 
Number of employees 
10,582  
11,049  
(4.2) 
 
Number of branches 
502  
515  
(2.5) 
 
 
A. Includes exchange differences.  
B. Excluding reverse repos.  
C. Excluding repos.  
North America  
Strategy 
In line with Grupo Santander's strategy to increase the weight of the most profitable areas, the Group increased 
its ownership in Santander Consumer USA ("SC USA") to 80.25% through a share buyback programme in 2020. 
As for the regional strategy, coordination increased further as it continued to run joint initiatives that included:  
 
Continued development of the USMX trade corridor. SCIB and Commercial Banking are working to 
deepen relationships with existing customers and gain new customers in both countries, which is reflected 
in corridor revenue growth (SCIB: +29%; Commercial Banking: +30%). 
 
Commission-free remittance service from Santander US branches to any bank in Mexico. At the same 
time, ongoing development of payment alternatives for the USMX trade corridor, such as PagoFX. 
 
Technology programmes such as operations know-how, digitalisation, hubs, front-office and back-office, 
and addressing common challenges. 
 
Sharing best practices, such as the success in implementing loyalty programmes in Mexico and the 
Consumer Banking transformation plan at Santander Bank ("SBNA"). 
In addition, in terms of their local strategic priorities: 
 
Santander US remains focused on customer experience and growing core customers and deposits 
through commercial, operational and digital transformation initiatives. It continues to leverage its deposit 
base to support and expand its CRE and CIB businesses and strengthen its auto finance partnership. 
The auto business is ideally positioned to benefit from the renewed demand for used vehicles through 
rigorous risk-adjusted originations via its dealer network, enhancing its partnership with Fiat Chrysler, 
and disciplined servicing. 
 
In Mexico, the Group geared its commercial transformation towards the improvement of multi-
channel systems, the renewal of infrastructure and systems, strengthening the distribution model and 
launching new commercial initiatives. 
Business performance 
Loans and advances to customers decreased 10%. Gross loans and advances to customers excluding reverse 
repurchase agreements and the exchange rate impact rose 2% (+4% excluding the impact from Puerto Rico's sale) 
driven by the US, notably SC USA (+9%). Mexico remained stable, as corporate loans began to normalise 
following the uptick at the beginning of the pandemic. 
Solid trend in customer deposits, increasing 4% year-on-year. Excluding repurchase agreements and the exchange 
rate impact, they were 16% higher reflecting growth in demand deposits in SBNA, corporate deposits in the New 
York branch and deposits in Mexico. This strong growth demonstrates the high level of liquidity in the system 
and the positive performance of the Group's customer attraction and loyalty strategy. 
Results 
Underlying attributable profit in 2020 was EUR 1,492 million (21% of the Group's total operating areas), with 
an underlying RoTE of 7.1% (10.7% excluding the excess of capital).  
Compared to 2019, underlying attributable profit decreased 10% in euros. Excluding the exchange rate impact, 
it dropped 3%. By line:

--- Page 521 ---
- 521 - 
 
Total income remained stable, as well as net interest income, driven by volume growth. Net fee income 
was stable despite the lower activity in consumer banking. 
 
Administrative expenses and amortisations were 2% lower, despite the increase in amortisations and 
technology investments, enabling the efficiency ratio to improve to 42.1% and net operating income to 
rise 1%. 
 
Net loan-loss provisions grew mainly due to covid-19 related provisions. The NPL ratio improved 3 bps 
to 2.23% and coverage was higher at 183% (+30 pp in the year). The cost of credit stood at 2.92% (+16 
bps year-on-year). 
 
Other gains (losses) and provisions reduced its loss by 35%. 
 
Non-controlling interests were lower due to our increased equity stake in Mexico and SC USA. 
NORTH AMERICA 
 
 
 
 
EUR million 
 
 
 
 
Underlying income statement 
2020  
2019  
% 
%  excl. 
FX 
Net interest income 
8,469  
8,926  
(5.1) 
0.2  
Net fee income 
1,661  
1,776  
(6.5) 
(0.1) 
Gains (losses) on financial transactions A 
251  
230  
9.2  
16.2  
Other operating income 
630  
672  
(6.3) 
(5.7) 
Total income 
11,011  
11,604  
(5.1) 
0.1  
Administrative expenses and amortisations 
(4,631) 
(4,968) 
(6.8) 
(1.7) 
Net operating income 
6,379  
6,636  
(3.9) 
1.5  
Net loan-loss provisions 
(3,916) 
(3,656) 
7.1  
11.8  
Other gains (losses) and provisions 
(131) 
(205) 
(36.0) 
(34.7) 
Profit before tax 
2,332  
2,776  
(16.0) 
(9.7) 
Tax on profit 
(578) 
(683) 
(15.4) 
(9.7) 
Profit from continuing operations 
1,754  
2,092  
(16.2) 
(9.7) 
Net profit from discontinued operations 
—  
—  
—  
—  
Consolidated profit 
1,754  
2,092  
(16.2) 
(9.7) 
Non-controlling interests 
(262) 
(426) 
(38.4) 
(34.2) 
Underlying attributable profit to the parent 
1,492  
1,667  
(10.5) 
(3.3) 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers 
120,557  
133,726  
(9.8) 
(0.2) 
Cash, central banks and credit institutions 
28,469  
22,885  
24.4  
39.0  
Debt instruments 
38,399  
33,746  
13.8  
27.6  
Other financial assets 
15,363  
10,759  
42.8  
60.9  
Other asset accounts 
20,526  
22,741  
(9.7) 
(0.5) 
Total assets 
223,313  
223,856  
(0.2) 
10.8  
Customer deposits 
102,907  
98,915  
4.0  
15.8  
Central banks and credit institutions 
37,966  
38,942  
(2.5) 
8.5  
Marketable debt securities 
36,583  
44,097  
(17.0) 
(8.6) 
Other financial liabilities 
16,159  
11,763  
37.4  
55.2  
Other liabilities accounts 
5,997  
6,237  
(3.8) 
6.9  
Total liabilities 
199,613  
199,954  
(0.2) 
10.9  
Total equity 
23,700  
23,902  
(0.8) 
9.8  
Pro memoria: 
 
 
 
 
Gross loans and advances to customers B 
120,650  
130,592  
(7.6) 
2.3  
Customer funds 
117,530  
113,407  
3.6  
15.3  
Customer deposits C 
96,298  
92,231  
4.4  
16.0  
Mutual funds 
21,233  
21,175  
0.3  
12.6  
Ratios (%) and operating data 
 
 
 
 
Underlying RoTE 
7.12  
8.52  
(1.41) 
 
Efficiency ratio 
42.1  
42.8  
(0.8) 
 
NPL ratio 
2.23  
2.20  
0.03  
 
NPL coverage 
182.5  
153.0  
29.5

--- Page 522 ---
- 522 - 
Number of employees 
38,371  
37,866  
1.3  
 
Number of branches 
1,958  
2,043  
(4.2) 
 
 
A. Includes exchange differences.  
B. Excluding reverse repos.  
C. Excluding repos.  
United States 
Strategy 
Santander US includes Santander Holdings USA ("SHUSA", the intermediate holding company) and its 
subsidiaries: Santander Bank ("SBNA"), one of the largest banks in north-eastern US, the international private 
banking unit in Miami, the Bank's branch in New York, Santander Investment Securities ("SIS") and Santander 
Consumer USA ("SC USA"), an auto finance business based in Dallas, Texas. The Group sold its retail and 
commercial bank in Puerto Rico in Q3'20. 
Santander US has businesses aligned with the Group’s global strategy:   
 
In auto finance it is a leading lender in the US with proven asset origination and servicing capabilities 
positioned to break ground as a full-spectrum independent operator through its combined capabilities.  
 
The auto business is ideally positioned to benefit from fresh demand for used vehicles with rigorous risk-
adjusted originations through its dealer network, enhancing its partnership with Fiat Chrysler, and 
disciplined servicing. 
 
Consumer is accelerating its digital and branch transformation to enhance customer experience, as well 
as making the most of its stable deposit base to improve loan mix and profitability. 
 
Commercial continues to deepen client relationships by leveraging its enhanced service and 
international value proposition while managing the growth of a leading commercial real estate ("CRE") 
franchise with high quality credit structuring. 
 
Global Corporate & Investment Bank generates significant value from the interconnectivity across the 
global business, particularly in North America, while continuing to increase its presence in the US.  
 
International wealth management benefits from leading brand recognition and the ability to increase 
fee growth by expanding its US capabilities.  
Santander US continued to strengthen its regulatory foundation and improve its financial performance while 
continuing to demonstrate its commitment to the communities where it operates. 
In line with Grupo Santander’s strategy to deploy capital in the most profitable country units, SC USA continued 
its share buyback programme and SHUSA upped its stake in SC USA to 80.25%.  
Business performance 
Loans and advances to customers at Santander US fell 8% in euros in 2020. Excluding the exchange rate impact 
and reverse repurchase agreements, gross loans and advances to customers grew 3% year-on-year, driven by 
lending growth in auto, CIB and originations through the Paycheck Protection Program (excluding the impact 
from the sale of the retail and commercial bank  in Puerto Rico, growth was 6%). 
Auto originations continued to improve during the second half of the year as shelter-in-place mandates were lifted 
and dealerships returned to normal. Prime loans remained up on the previous year due to Fiat Chrysler 
Automobiles (FCA) incentive programmes and Santander US's ability to leverage its strong deposit base. 
Customer deposits rose 6% in euros year-on-year. Excluding repurchase agreements and the exchange rate impact, 
customer deposits were 16% higher, boosted by strong growth in demand deposits and corporate deposits. 
Mutual funds increased 16% excluding the exchange rate impact. As a result, customer funds rose 6% (+16% 
excluding the exchange rate impact).

--- Page 523 ---
- 523 - 
Results 
Underlying attributable profit in the year was EUR 731 million (10% of the Group’s total operating areas), 
and underlying RoTE was 4.7% (8.4% adjusted for excess capital). 
Underlying attributable profit was 2% higher in euros. Excluding the exchange rate impact, growth was 4%, 
underpinned largely by SC USA. By line: 
 
Net interest income was flat as lower rates offset increased volumes. Net fee income was lower, impacted 
by covid-19, although partially compensated by gradually improving leasing income. As a result, total 
income was down 1%.  
 
Administrative expenses and amortisations were down significantly, particularly at SBNA, due to 
disciplined cost control, as reflected in a 1% increase in net operating income. 
 
Net loan-loss provisions rose 7% given the crisis which drove the need for a reinforced coverage ratio. 
Asset quality ratios improved or were stable: cost of credit flat at 2.86%, NPL ratio down 16 bps to 2.04% 
and coverage increased to 210% (+49 pp). 
 
Other gains (losses) and provisions improved 52% due to lower provisions for legal claims. 
 
Positive impact from lower non-controlling interests following the SC USA share buyback programme. 
United States 
 
 
 
 
EUR million 
 
 
 
 
Underlying income statement 
2020  
2019  
% 
%  excl. 
FX 
Net interest income 
5,645  
5,769  
(2.2) 
(0.3) 
Net fee income 
889  
947  
(6.1) 
(4.3) 
Gains (losses) on financial transactions A 
118  
131  
(10.0) 
(8.3) 
Other operating income 
709  
759  
(6.5) 
(4.8) 
Total income 
7,360  
7,605  
(3.2) 
(1.4) 
Administrative expenses and amortisations 
(3,079) 
(3,297) 
(6.6) 
(4.8) 
Net operating income 
4,281  
4,309  
(0.6) 
1.2  
Net loan-loss provisions 
(2,937) 
(2,792) 
5.2  
7.2  
Other gains (losses) and provisions 
(93) 
(200) 
(53.2) 
(52.3) 
Profit before tax 
1,250  
1,317  
(5.0) 
(3.2) 
Tax on profit 
(318) 
(370) 
(13.8) 
(12.2) 
Profit from continuing operations 
932  
947  
(1.6) 
0.3  
Net profit from discontinued operations 
—  
—  
—  
—  
Consolidated profit 
932  
947  
(1.6) 
0.3  
Non-controlling interests 
(201) 
(230) 
(12.4) 
(10.7) 
Underlying attributable profit to the parent 
731  
717  
1.9  
3.8  
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers 
90,992  
98,707  
(7.8) 
0.7  
Cash, central banks and credit institutions 
16,614  
12,829  
29.5  
41.5  
Debt instruments 
14,084  
16,677  
(15.5) 
(7.8) 
Other financial assets 
4,381  
4,320  
1.4  
10.8  
Other asset accounts 
17,003  
18,882  
(10.0) 
(1.6) 
Total assets 
143,074  
151,415  
(5.5) 
3.2  
Customer deposits 
67,450  
63,371  
6.4  
16.3  
Central banks and credit institutions 
20,989  
25,126  
(16.5) 
(8.8) 
Marketable debt securities 
29,737  
37,132  
(19.9) 
(12.5) 
Other financial liabilities 
4,329  
4,146  
4.4  
14.0  
Other liabilities accounts 
3,369  
4,093  
(17.7) 
(10.1) 
Total liabilities 
125,874  
133,868  
(6.0) 
2.7  
Total equity 
17,200  
17,547  
(2.0) 
7.1  
Pro memoria: 
 
 
 
 
Gross loans and advances to customers B 
90,459  
95,742  
(5.5) 
3.2

--- Page 524 ---
- 524 - 
Customer funds 
76,972  
72,604  
6.0  
15.8  
Customer deposits C 
66,385  
62,608  
6.0  
15.8  
Mutual funds 
10,586  
9,996  
5.9  
15.7  
Ratios (%) and operating data 
 
 
 
 
Underlying RoTE 
4.66  
4.78  
(0.13) 
 
Efficiency ratio 
41.8  
43.3  
(1.5) 
 
NPL ratio 
2.04  
2.20  
(0.16) 
 
NPL coverage 
210.4  
161.8  
48.6  
 
Number of employees 
16,125  
17,372  
(7.2) 
 
Number of branches 
585  
621  
(5.8) 
 
 
A. Includes exchange differences.  
B. Excluding reverse repos.  
C. Excluding repos.  
Mexico 
Strategy 
The major challenges posed in 2020 required a swift response from Santander México. It effectively implemented 
its strategy to support customers while achieving a better-than-expected portfolio performance. It helped more 
than 600,000 customers through its support programme (individuals and SMEs) which deferred loan payments 
for up to four months. 
It geared its commercial transformation strategy towards improving multi-channel systems, renewing 
infrastructures and systems, strengthening the distribution model and launching commercial initiatives to increase 
customer attraction and loyalty through innovative products and services. 
In line with its goal to enhance customer experience, it continued to run projects such as the transformation of 
576 branches and increasing the number of full function ATMs to 1,375. 
Regarding its digital strategy, it ran initiatives such as: 
 
New features for SuperMóvil, including Mis Metas, a tool to help customers meet their savings goals.  
 
The consolidation of Hipoteca Online platform. 
 
The strategy to boost the use of digital channels, which resulted in a 51% increase in digital transactions 
and a 60% increase in digital sales, thus increasing digital adoption by its customers. 
It also complemented its commercial strategy with new products and services, for example:  
 
It maintained a dynamic mortgage offering: it lowered the Hipoteca Plus interest rate to 7.75%, one of 
the lowest in the market, and introduced Hipoteca Free, Mexico's first commission- and insurance-free 
mortgage. In 2020, it posted the largest mortgage origination in the Mexican banking system and 
increased market share. 
 
In auto financing, it teamed up with Mazda to become its only financial partner, and Tesla, to become its 
main financing partner and promote green financing for the purchase of hybrid cars. These alliances, 
together with those already in place, align with Santander México's goal to become a major player in this 
segment, reaching a market share of more than 5% compared to 1% in 2019. 
 
It launched a numberless credit card, the first bank in Mexico to do so, that does not reveal sensitive data 
and provides greater security for its customers. Virtually 100% of its credit card base uses this new 
system. 
 
It rolled out e-SPUG, an innovative system to help stores and private sellers practice simple, agile and 
secure distance selling. 
 
Santander Plus, its main loyalty programme, continued to perform well, reaching more than 7.5 million 
customers at year-end (54% new).

--- Page 525 ---
- 525 - 
 
Santander México was named the Best Bank for Financial Inclusion in Mexico by the International 
Finance Magazine (IFM) for its Tuiio initiative, which promotes financial inclusion and empowerment 
to more than 171,000 customers, generating a measurable social impact. 
Business performance 
Loans and advances to customers decreased 16% in euros, compared to 2019. Gross loans and advances to 
customers, excluding reverse repurchase agreements and the exchange rate impact, remained stable year-on-year, 
as corporate loans began to normalise following the uptick at the beginning of the pandemic. Of note was the 
growth in mortgages. 
Customer deposits saw no material change in euros. Excluding repurchase agreements and the exchange rate 
impact, they were up 16%. The focus on reducing the cost of deposits resulted in a 18% rise in demand deposits, 
notably from individuals (+24%) and 13% growth in time deposits. Mutual funds rose 10%, and customer funds 
14%. 
Results 
Underlying attributable profit was EUR 762 million in the year (11% of the Group’s total operating areas), 
with an underlying RoTE was 14.4%. 
Compared to 2019, underlying attributable profit was 20% lower. Excluding the exchange rate impact, 
underlying attributable profit fell 9%. By line: 
 
Total income increased 3% spurred on by net fee income (+5%) mainly from transactional fees. Net 
interest income was up 1% underpinned by higher volumes, and gains on financial transactions increased 
52% driven by volatility management.  
 
Administrative expenses and amortisations were up 5%, mainly driven by the increase in 
amortisations and technology investment. 
 
Net loan-loss provisions increased 28% due to covid-19 related charges and a one-off provision recorded 
for a corporate customer. Cost of credit was 3.03%, the NPL ratio reached 2.81% and coverage stood at 
121%. 
 
At Banco Santander's extraordinary general meeting on 23 July 2019, shareholders approved a capital 
increase to acquire shares Santander México from minority interests. Consequently, minority interests in 
the H1'19 were higher than in 2020, thus dampening results growth in 2019 more than in 2020. 
Mexico 
 
 
 
 
EUR million 
 
 
 
 
Underlying income statement 
2020  
2019  
% 
%  excl. 
FX 
Net interest income 
2,825  
3,157  
(10.5) 
1.2  
Net fee income 
772  
829  
(7.0) 
5.2  
Gains (losses) on financial transactions A 
134  
99  
34.4  
52.0  
Other operating income 
(79) 
(87) 
(8.6) 
3.3  
Total income 
3,651  
3,998  
(8.7) 
3.2  
Administrative expenses and amortisations 
(1,552) 
(1,671) 
(7.1) 
5.0  
Net operating income 
2,098  
2,327  
(9.8) 
2.0  
Net loan-loss provisions 
(979) 
(863) 
13.4  
28.3  
Other gains (losses) and provisions 
(37) 
(5) 
637.1  
733.4  
Profit before tax 
1,082  
1,459  
(25.8) 
(16.2) 
Tax on profit 
(259) 
(314) 
(17.3) 
(6.5) 
Profit from continuing operations 
823  
1,145  
(28.2) 
(18.8) 
Net profit from discontinued operations 
—  
—  
—  
—  
Consolidated profit 
823  
1,145  
(28.2) 
(18.8) 
Non-controlling interests 
(61) 
(196) 
(68.9) 
(64.9) 
Underlying attributable profit to the parent 
762  
950  
(19.8) 
(9.3) 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers 
29,565  
35,019  
(15.6) 
(2.8)

--- Page 526 ---
- 526 - 
Cash, central banks and credit institutions 
11,854  
10,056  
17.9  
35.8  
Debt instruments 
24,315  
17,069  
42.5  
64.1  
Other financial assets 
10,982  
6,439  
70.6  
96.4  
Other asset accounts 
3,523  
3,859  
(8.7) 
5.1  
Total assets 
80,239  
72,441  
10.8  
27.6  
Customer deposits 
35,457  
35,544  
(0.2) 
14.9  
Central banks and credit institutions 
16,977  
13,816  
22.9  
41.5  
Marketable debt securities 
6,847  
6,965  
(1.7) 
13.2  
Other financial liabilities 
11,830  
7,617  
55.3  
78.9  
Other liabilities accounts 
2,628  
2,144  
22.5  
41.1  
Total liabilities 
73,739  
66,086  
11.6  
28.5  
Total equity 
6,500  
6,355  
2.3  
17.8  
Pro memoria: 
 
 
 
 
Gross loans and advances to customers B 
30,191  
34,850  
(13.4) 
(0.2) 
Customer funds 
40,558  
40,803  
(0.6) 
14.5  
Customer deposits C 
29,912  
29,624  
1.0  
16.3  
Mutual funds 
10,646  
11,179  
(4.8) 
9.7  
Ratios (%) and operating data 
 
 
 
 
Underlying RoTE 
14.38  
20.61  
(6.23) 
 
Efficiency ratio 
42.5  
41.8  
0.7  
 
NPL ratio 
2.81  
2.19  
0.62  
 
NPL coverage 
120.8  
128.3  
(7.5) 
 
Number of employees 
22,246  
20,494  
8.5  
 
Number of branches 
1,373  
1,422  
(3.4) 
 
 
A. Includes exchange differences.  
B. Excluding reverse repos.  
C. Excluding repos.  
South America 
Strategy 
The Group's extensive experience in the region enabled it to maintain profitable and sustainable business growth. 
It remains confident in its growth potential and focused on increasing its presence in the region by leveraging the 
scarce banking penetration. It has innovative ways to reach potential customers and offer existing ones solutions 
to cover their different needs. 
For instance, the Group prioritized support programmes for individuals, corporates and society, providing 
liquidity through initiatives such as state-guaranteed loans to SMEs, lines of credit at special rates, extending 
terms and modifying maturity profiles. 
It continued to identify growth opportunities across business units to capture synergies and foster collaboration: 
 
In consumer finance, Santander Brasil exported its new and used vehicle financing platform to other 
South American countries, Argentina launched the Santander Consumer company, Santander Chile 
increased car insurance sales despite reduced financing activity. In Peru, the Group continued to 
specialize in consumer credit and used vehicle financing.   
In Colombia, the priority was to make the auto finance business profitable and to increase customer 
loyalty through insurance and digitalisation. 
 
In line with its strategy to expand its acquiring business, the Group rolled out Getnet in Argentina and 
Chile, based on the successful model of Brazil. 
 
It continued its digital transformation and innovation of its products and services, helping to enhance 
customer service. In Chile, it posted record account openings and prepaid card sales through Santander 
Life and Superdigital. Santander Argentina made progress in its digital transformation by launching new 
products and digital recoveries. In Uruguay, the focus was on modernising the technological

--- Page 527 ---
- 527 - 
infrastructure to offer customers more stable and efficient platforms, with initiatives such as the launch 
of its digital branch, SUMO. 
 
The Group continued to promote inclusive and sustainable businesses, such as Prospera, which 
continued its expansion in Uruguay and was implemented in Peru and through the granting of green loans 
in Brazil and Chile. 
 
Collaboration between countries continued to increase, with projects such as the joint SCIB business 
initiative, that seeks to consolidate and deepen relationships with multinational clients, leveraged on 
Santander's infrastructure. 
All these initiatives led to strong year-on-year increases in both loyal (+9%) and digital customers (+17%). 
Business performance 
Loans and advances to customers declined 9%. Excluding reverse repos and the exchange rate impact, gross loans 
were 15% higher, with double-digit rises in all country units except Chile, which grew 6%.  
Customer deposits fell 3% in euros compared to 2019. Excluding repurchase agreements and exchange rate 
impact, they rose 30% and also increased at double digit rates across all country units except Chile (+8%), mainly 
due to the strong performance of demand deposits (+39%) and to a lesser extent, time deposits (+25%). Mutual 
funds dropped 2% dampened by the fall recorded in Brazil. 
Results 
Underlying attributable profit in the year was EUR 2,927 million (42% of the Group's total operating areas), 
with an underlying RoTE of 18.1%. 
Compared to 2019, underlying attributable profit decreased 25% in euros. Excluding the exchange rate impact, 
it was down 4%. By line: 
 
Total income increased 5% underpinned by net interest income and gains on financial transactions, 
which broadly offset weak net fee income performance. Net interest income rose 5%, with growth across 
countries, notably Argentina.  
Gains on financial transactions were 68% higher, with rises in all country units except Chile. Conversely, 
net fee income dropped 2% with falls recorded in all countries except Uruguay and Peru, mainly due to 
the sharp fall of transactional fee income in H1'20, together with regulatory impacts in Brazil and 
Argentina. 
 
Administrative expenses and amortisations increased 4%, largely due to higher costs in Argentina 
(inflation and peso depreciation). Of note was cost management in Brazil, which recorded only a slight 
increase (+1%) and Chile, which remained flat. The efficiency ratio stood at 35.8%. 
 
Net loan-loss provisions grew by 35% driven by covid-19 related provisions. In credit quality, the NPL 
ratio fell to 4.39%, coverage was 97% (+9 pp in the year) and the cost of credit was 3.32%.  
 
Other income and provisions decreased its negative impact 42%, due to the lower charge for potential 
legal contingencies in Brazil. 
SOUTH AMERICA 
 
 
 
 
EUR million 
 
 
 
 
Underlying income statement 
2020  
2019  
% 
%  excl. 
FX 
Net interest income 
10,723  
13,316  
(19.5) 
4.6  
Net fee income 
3,566  
4,787  
(25.5) 
(2.1) 
Gains (losses) on financial transactions A 
766  
565  
35.6  
68.1  
Other operating income 
(209) 
(243) 
(13.9) 
24.0  
Total income 
14,845  
18,425  
(19.4) 
4.7  
Administrative expenses and amortisations 
(5,312) 
(6,656) 
(20.2) 
4.0  
Net operating income 
9,533  
11,769  
(19.0) 
5.1

--- Page 528 ---
- 528 - 
Net loan-loss provisions 
(3,923) 
(3,789) 
3.5  
35.1  
Other gains (losses) and provisions 
(319) 
(748) 
(57.4) 
(42.0) 
Profit before tax 
5,291  
7,232  
(26.8) 
(5.8) 
Tax on profit 
(1,927) 
(2,644) 
(27.1) 
(5.0) 
Profit from continuing operations 
3,364  
4,588  
(26.7) 
(6.2) 
Net profit from discontinued operations 
—  
—  
—  
—  
Consolidated profit 
3,364  
4,588  
(26.7) 
(6.2) 
Non-controlling interests 
(437) 
(664) 
(34.2) 
(18.5) 
Underlying attributable profit to the parent 
2,927  
3,924  
(25.4) 
(4.1) 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers 
113,731  
125,122  
(9.1) 
14.6  
Cash, central banks and credit institutions 
42,957  
51,360  
(16.4) 
11.8  
Debt instruments 
49,300  
45,619  
8.1  
46.3  
Other financial assets 
17,266  
14,802  
16.6  
37.5  
Other asset accounts 
15,009  
16,901  
(11.2) 
17.0  
Total assets 
238,263  
253,804  
(6.1) 
21.1  
Customer deposits 
111,791  
114,817  
(2.6) 
26.0  
Central banks and credit institutions 
41,990  
41,989  
0.0  
30.3  
Marketable debt securities 
21,280  
29,840  
(28.7) 
(11.2) 
Other financial liabilities 
35,433  
34,062  
4.0  
33.1  
Other liabilities accounts 
8,302  
10,613  
(21.8) 
5.5  
Total liabilities 
218,796  
231,321  
(5.4) 
21.9  
Total equity 
19,466  
22,483  
(13.4) 
12.6  
Pro memoria: 
 
 
 
 
Gross loans and advances to customers B 
118,769  
131,048  
(9.4) 
14.5  
Customer funds 
153,224  
170,707  
(10.2) 
17.6  
    Customer deposits C 
103,302  
101,575  
1.7  
30.3  
    Mutual funds 
49,922  
69,131  
(27.8) 
(2.2) 
Ratios (%) and operating data 
 
 
 
 
Underlying RoTE 
18.07  
20.58  
(2.51) 
 
Efficiency ratio 
35.8  
36.1  
(0.3) 
 
NPL ratio 
4.39  
4.86  
(0.47) 
 
NPL coverage 
97.4  
88.4  
9.0  
 
Number of employees 
65,252  
69,508  
(6.1) 
 
Number of branches 
4,431  
4,572  
(3.1) 
 
 
A. Includes exchange differences.  
B. Excluding reverse repos.  
C. Excluding repos.  
Brazil 
Strategy 
In the year, Santander Brasil once again demonstrated its capacity to innovate and adapt to the new needs of its 
customers, offering the best customer service and ensuring continuous support to its communities. 
This enabled it to quickly provide its customers with the necessary liquidity, deferring payments and granting 
state-backed loans, mainly to SMEs and corporates. As social responsibility is embedded in its identity and covers 
all businesses, it also launched campaigns to raise funds and donate medical supplies.  
Santander Brasil continued to make headway with its commercial strategy: 
 
In mortgages, it was on the cutting edge for digital portability and was the first privately-owned bank to 
grant BRL 2 billion per month. In home equity, it reached 30% market share in new lending. 
 
In payroll loans, it continued to digitalise, enabling online loan completion to reach 86% of the total.  
 
In auto, maintained market share leadership (25%) in individuals and introduced Troca+Troco, in 
collaboration with Webmotors. In addition, its consumer finance unit performed very positively.

--- Page 529 ---
- 529 - 
 
In cards, it continued to focus on segments and channels with a better risk profile and greater 
profitability. 
 
It expanded to strategic regions in the country, ending the year with 40 specialized Agro shops and 100 
Santander Prospera Microcrédito shops. 
 
In digitalisation, it launched GENTE, a virtual assistant capable of answering more than 10,000 
questions, reaching more than 37 million interactions. It also rolled out the SX credit card, which benefits 
the most transactional customers, with more than 723,000 cards issued. 
 
In SMEs, it dispensed BRL 12,505 million in loans through state-backed programmes and made progress 
in its digital channels, with full functionality. For large corporates, it increased transactionality and 
expanded to new markets, contributing to the diversification of its products and services. 
In H2'19 and in 2020 it also created several companies that are delivering strong results:  
 
Sim, which offers loans though a digital platform and has a BRL 700 million portfolio. 
 
EmDia, a user-friendly debt renegotiation platform, which recovered BRL 646 million in loans in 2020 
and has 4 million customers. 
 
Santander Auto, a digital insurance company which continues to be boosted by Santander 
Financiamentos.  
 
Ben, which aims to transform the employee benefits industry (meal voucher and related activities), and 
already includes 1,400 corporate customers. 
 
The acquisition of Toro, with experience in equity and which, together with Pi and its wide range of fixed 
income products, makes for a solid investment platform. 
Santander Brasil was named Bank of the Year in Brazil and in the Americas by The Banker and, for the 11th year 
running, it is part of the portfolio of the B3 Corporate Sustainability Index ("ISE"). It was also recognised as one 
of the Best Companies to Work for in the country, according to the GPTW survey, with emphasis on the ethnic-
racial diversity and women categories, and received the Notáveis CNN 2020 award in the social responsibility 
category. 
Business performance 
Loans and advances to customers decreased 15% in euros year-on-year. In gross terms, excluding reverse repos 
and the exchange rate impact, they rose 19%. There were positive performances across segments, particularly in 
SMEs, corporates and SCIB. 
Customer deposits fell 6% in euros with respect to 2019. Excluding repos and the exchange rate impact, growth 
was 41% driven by the increase in demand deposits (+33%) and time deposits (+44%). On the other hand, mutual 
funds decreased. 
Results 
Underlying attributable profit was EUR 2,113 million in 2020 (30% of the Group's total operating areas), with 
an underlying RoTE of 19.2%. 
Compared to 2019, underlying attributable profit declined 28% in euros. Excluding the exchange rate impact, it 
was 5% lower. By line: 
 
Total income rose 3% boosted by gains on financial transactions. Net interest income remained 
practically flat as larger volumes offset margin pressures from interest rate cuts. Net fee income fell 2% 
affected by reduced transactionality amid the pandemic. 
 
Administrative expenses and amortisations increased just 1% and declined in real terms, due to 
continued work on efficiency improvement. This increase was lower than revenue growth, which enabled 
efficiency to improve by 42 bps to 32.6%, the best in the last seven years.

--- Page 530 ---
- 530 - 
 
Net loan-loss provisions increased 31%, due to higher provisions related to the pandemic. Cost of credit 
was 4.35%, the NPL ratio was 4.59% and coverage was high at 113%, after increasing 13 pp in the year. 
 
The negative impact of other gains (losses) and provisions reduced by 51%, due to lower provisions 
for legal claims. 
Brazil 
 
 
 
 
EUR million 
 
 
 
 
Underlying income statement 
2020  
2019  
% 
%  excl. 
FX 
Net interest income 
7,625  
10,072  
(24.3) 
(0.2) 
Net fee income 
2,824  
3,798  
(25.6) 
(2.0) 
Gains (losses) on financial transactions A 
467  
167  
180.6  
270.0  
Other operating income 
(51) 
(86) 
(41.1) 
(22.4) 
Total income 
10,866  
13,951  
(22.1) 
2.7  
Administrative expenses and amortisations 
(3,541) 
(4,606) 
(23.1) 
1.4  
Net operating income 
7,325  
9,345  
(21.6) 
3.3  
Net loan-loss provisions 
(3,018) 
(3,036) 
(0.6) 
31.1  
Other gains (losses) and provisions 
(263) 
(704) 
(62.7) 
(50.8) 
Profit before tax 
4,045  
5,606  
(27.8) 
(4.9) 
Tax on profit 
(1,693) 
(2,295) 
(26.2) 
(2.7) 
Profit from continuing operations 
2,352  
3,311  
(29.0) 
(6.4) 
Net profit from discontinued operations 
—  
—  
—  
—  
Consolidated profit 
2,352  
3,311  
(29.0) 
(6.4) 
Non-controlling interests 
(238) 
(373) 
(36.0) 
(15.7) 
Underlying attributable profit to the parent 
2,113  
2,939  
(28.1) 
(5.2) 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers 
63,974  
75,618  
(15.4) 
19.4  
Cash, central banks and credit institutions 
31,466  
37,470  
(16.0) 
18.5  
Debt instruments 
37,655  
39,611  
(4.9) 
34.2  
Other financial assets 
6,877  
6,790  
1.3  
42.9  
Other asset accounts 
10,600  
12,545  
(15.5) 
19.3  
Total assets 
150,573  
172,033  
(12.5) 
23.5  
Customer deposits 
70,083  
74,745  
(6.2) 
32.3  
Central banks and credit institutions 
26,350  
30,334  
(13.1) 
22.6  
Marketable debt securities 
11,901  
18,952  
(37.2) 
(11.4) 
Other financial liabilities 
23,536  
23,589  
(0.2) 
40.8  
Other liabilities accounts 
6,157  
8,631  
(28.7) 
0.7  
Total liabilities 
138,026  
156,251  
(11.7) 
24.7  
Total equity 
12,547  
15,782  
(20.5) 
12.2  
Pro memoria: 
 
 
 
 
Gross loans and advances to customers B 
67,424  
80,150  
(15.9) 
18.7  
Customer funds 
100,351  
121,752  
(17.6) 
16.3  
    Customer deposits C 
61,627  
61,789  
(0.3) 
40.8  
    Mutual funds 
38,725  
59,964  
(35.4) 
(8.9) 
Ratios (%) and operating data 
 
 
 
 
Underlying RoTE 
19.16  
21.16  
(2.00) 
 
Efficiency ratio 
32.6  
33.0  
(0.4) 
 
NPL ratio 
4.59  
5.32  
(0.73) 
 
NPL coverage 
113.2  
99.8  
13.4  
 
Number of employees 
43,258  
46,682  
(7.3) 
 
Number of branches 
3,571  
3,656  
(2.3) 
 
 
A. Includes exchange differences.  
B. Excluding reverse repos.  
C. Excluding repos.

--- Page 531 ---
- 531 - 
Chile 
Strategy 
Santander is the largest privately-owned bank in Chile by assets and customers, and has a marked retail 
(individuals and SMEs) and transactional focus. In 2020, it continued to pursue its strategy to offer high returns 
in a low-risk country, launching several measures:  
 
In line with its commitment to be more responsible, it was the first bank in the country to be included 
in the DJSI for Emerging Markets, and the Sustainable Leaders Agenda 2020 (ALAS20) recognized it 
as the leading company for sustainability in Chile. 
 
Santander Life, its financial education proposition, gained momentum through Cuenta Life, its fully 
digital account that rewards good savings behaviour, welcoming close to 300,000 new customers in the 
year (+545%). 
 
Since its launch in April, the financial inclusion programme Superdigital, reached close to 130,000 
customers, driven by its high transactionality and access to the digital economy. 
These initiatives led to an high growth in new accounts (current and demand) during the year (+20% in current 
accounts), with net current account openings of around 272,000 (compared to 80,450 in the Chilean market, 
according to the information available as at November 2020). As a result, market share in current account openings 
rose to 25.3% from 21.7% in 2019. 
Santander also introduced its green product range which includes: the choice for customers to offset their carbon 
footprint by contributing to environmental projects or purchasing green bonds; the first ESG mutual fund in Chile, 
which enables investment in companies in different geographical areas with a strong sustainable focus; a green 
mortgage for new homes and sustainable projects with a preferential interest rate; and benefits for purchases from 
environmentally friendly brands. 
It continued its "phygital" transformation to bring together the best of the digital and physical worlds, making 
progress in: 
 
Branch network transformation towards more digital models, through the opening of new Work Café 
branches. 
 
Opening of the new marketplace Tienda.Santander.cl, which offers exclusive benefits for customers. 
These initiatives led to an increase in the number of loyal and digital customers in the year (+9% and 24%, 
respectively). 
Lastly, its efforts to be the best bank for its customers propelled it to first in NPS, and its responsible banking 
strategy was recognized through ESG and sustainability rankings and awards. 
Business performance 
Loans and advances to customers increased 2% year-on-year in euros. Excluding reverse repurchase agreements 
and the exchange rate impact, gross loans and advances to customers rose 6%, underpinned by large corporates 
and the state-backed scheme for SMEs. 
Customer deposits rose 4% year-on-year, up 8% excluding repurchase agreements and the exchange rate impact, 
reflecting the positive performance of demand deposits (+42%). Current accounts continued to rise strongly across 
all segments driven by openings through digital channels. Mutual funds rose 22% and customer funds were 11% 
higher. 
Results 
Underlying attributable profit was EUR 432 million in 2020 (6% of the Group’s total operating areas), with 
an underlying RoTE of 13.2%.  
Compared to 2019, underlying attributable profit fell 31% in euros. Excluding the exchange rate impact it was 
21% lower. By line:

--- Page 532 ---
- 532 - 
 
Total income rose 2%, as the climb in net interest income (+10%) was partially offset by the fall in gains 
on financial transactions and net fee income, dampened by reduced transactionality and economic 
activity. 
 
Administrative expenses and amortisations remained broadly stable, as higher IT expenses were 
closely matched by lower costs related to commercial activity. As a result, the efficiency ratio improved 
to 39.8% and net operating income was 4% higher. 
 
Net loan-loss provisions were 54% higher due to covid-19 related charges, placing the cost of credit at 
1.50%. The NPL ratio stood at 4.79% and coverage was 61%. 
 
Other gains (losses) and provisions stood at EUR 16 million (EUR 63 million in 2019). 
Chile 
 
 
 
 
EUR million 
 
 
 
 
Underlying income statement 
2020  
2019  
% 
%  excl. 
FX 
Net interest income 
1,787  
1,867  
(4.3) 
9.9  
Net fee income 
335  
404  
(17.2) 
(5.0) 
Gains (losses) on financial transactions A 
174  
266  
(34.7) 
(25.0) 
Other operating income 
(32) 
2  
0.0  
0.0  
Total income 
2,263  
2,539  
(10.9) 
2.4  
Administrative expenses and amortisations 
(900) 
(1,031) 
(12.7) 
0.3  
Net operating income 
1,363  
1,508  
(9.6) 
3.8  
Net loan-loss provisions 
(594) 
(443) 
34.1  
54.0  
Other gains (losses) and provisions 
16  
63  
(75.2) 
(71.5) 
Profit before tax 
785  
1,129  
(30.5) 
(20.2) 
Tax on profit 
(155) 
(210) 
(25.9) 
(15.0) 
Profit from continuing operations 
629  
919  
(31.5) 
(21.4) 
Net profit from discontinued operations 
—  
—  
—  
—  
Consolidated profit 
629  
919  
(31.5) 
(21.4) 
Non-controlling interests 
(197) 
(289) 
(31.8) 
(21.7) 
Underlying attributable profit to the parent 
432  
630  
(31.4) 
(21.2) 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers 
39,381  
38,584  
2.1  
5.2  
Cash, central banks and credit institutions 
5,836  
7,557  
(22.8) 
(20.4) 
Debt instruments 
8,365  
5,062  
65.2  
70.3  
Other financial assets 
10,221  
7,856  
30.1  
34.1  
Other asset accounts 
3,076  
3,091  
(0.5) 
2.6  
Total assets 
66,880  
62,151  
7.6  
10.9  
Customer deposits 
28,362  
27,344  
3.7  
6.9  
Central banks and credit institutions 
11,611  
8,224  
41.2  
45.6  
Marketable debt securities 
9,247  
10,722  
(13.8) 
(11.1) 
Other financial liabilities 
11,162  
9,662  
15.5  
19.1  
Other liabilities accounts 
1,519  
1,294  
17.4  
21.1  
Total liabilities 
61,902  
57,246  
8.1  
11.5  
Total equity 
4,978  
4,905  
1.5  
4.6  
Pro memoria: 
 
 
 
 
Gross loans and advances to customers B 
40,593  
39,640  
2.4  
5.6  
Customer funds 
37,873  
35,095  
7.9  
11.3  
Customer deposits C 
28,330  
27,060  
4.7  
7.9  
Mutual funds 
9,543  
8,035  
18.8  
22.4  
Ratios (%) and operating data 
 
 
 
 
Underlying RoTE 
13.19  
18.08  
(4.89) 
 
Efficiency ratio 
39.8  
40.6  
(0.8) 
 
NPL ratio 
4.79  
4.64  
0.15  
 
NPL coverage 
61.4  
56.0  
5.4  
 
Number of employees 
10,835  
11,580  
(6.4) 
 
Number of branches 
346  
375  
(7.7)

--- Page 533 ---
- 533 - 
 
A. Includes exchange differences.  
B. Excluding reverse repos.  
C. Excluding repos.  
Argentina 
Strategy 
Amid the pandemic, Santander Argentina implemented measures to look after the health of its customers and 
employees, enhancing digital channels and ensuring service quality in its branches. 
To combat the crisis, it continued to grant loans and set up corporate credit lines to buy medical equipment through 
Cuenta Blanca and introduced Academia Salud (alongside Swiss Medical Group), a fully digital training platform 
for health workers that can be accessed from any device, at any time and free of charge. 
The commercial strategy focused on transactional business and customer service, through innovation, an 
enhanced customer care model and the digital transformation of the main processes and products. It launched 
various initiatives: 
 
It made headway in building an open financial services platform. It rolled-out Getnet in Argentina, 
created a USD 20 million investment plan for Santander's collection and services solution, and will create 
200 jobs in the next two years. The aim is to encourage digitalisation, reduce the use of cash and boost 
financial inclusion. 
 
It set up Santander Consumer, a company specialized in consumer financing and secured loans, 
providing an agile customer experience.  
 
Openbank Argentina, Santander's fully digital bank, obtained its banking licence. 
 
Around 356,000 accounts were opened through fully digital means and the issuance of electronic 
cheques increased. Santander Argentina also implemented a new digital business model aimed at foreign 
trade products. Digital customers increased 21% in the year. 
 
Together with 21 banks, it launched MODO, a systematic payment solution to boost digital payments 
and financial inclusion. 
Thanks to all these initiatives, The Banker named Santander Argentina as the Best Digital Bank in the country, 
highlighting the acceleration of its digital transformation in the current environment, new technical staff, 
positioning in consumer loans and deposits, and the new products and services launched for female entrepreneurs 
and young customers. 
Business performance 
Loans and advances to customers fell 13% year-on-year in euros. Excluding reverse repurchase agreements and 
the exchange rate impact, gross loans and advances to customers were 35% higher driven by SME loans and cards. 
Dollar balances declined in the currency of origin. 
Customer deposits increased 3% compared to 2019 in euros. Excluding repurchase agreements and the exchange 
rate impact, deposits rose 57%, spurred on by local currency deposits (demand and time deposits), as foreign 
currency balances declined. 
Santander maintained a high dollar liquidity ratio and the excess liquidity in pesos was placed in central bank 
notes. 
Results 
Underlying attributable profit was EUR 179 million in the year (3% of the Group’s total operating areas), 
with an underlying RoTE of 26.2%. 
Compared to 2019, underlying attributable profit was 25% higher in euros. Excluding the exchange rate impact, 
growth was 91%. Both year’s results were affected by the high inflation adjustment.

--- Page 534 ---
- 534 - 
As regards business activity, excluding the exchange rate impact: 
 
Total income grew 31%. Net interest income rose 49%, underpinned by liquidity management and the 
lower cost of funds. Net fee income fell 6%, dampened by regulatory impacts and lower economic 
activity. Gains on financial transactions rose 18%. 
 
Administrative expenses and amortisations increased 27%, at a slower pace than total income and 
inflation, improving the efficiency ratio by 187 bps to 56.0%. Net operating income rose 37%. 
 
Net loan-loss provisions were higher (+47%) due to covid-19 related provisions. The NPL ratio 
improved 128 bps to 2.11% and coverage was 275%, after increasing 151 pp in the year. 
 
Other gains (losses) and provisions recorded no material change. 
Argentina 
 
 
 
 
EUR million 
 
 
 
 
Underlying income statement 
2020  
2019  
% 
%  excl. 
FX 
Net interest income 
912  
940  
(3.0) 
48.8  
Net fee income 
273  
446  
(38.8) 
(6.1) 
Gains (losses) on financial transactions A 
62  
80  
(22.9) 
18.2  
Other operating income 
(119) 
(150) 
(20.8) 
21.5  
Total income 
1,128  
1,316  
(14.3) 
31.5  
Administrative expenses and amortisations 
(632) 
(762) 
(17.0) 
27.2  
Net operating income 
496  
554  
(10.5) 
37.3  
Net loan-loss provisions 
(226) 
(235) 
(3.9) 
47.3  
Other gains (losses) and provisions 
(70) 
(101) 
(30.5) 
6.5  
Profit before tax 
200  
217  
(8.2) 
40.8  
Tax on profit 
(19) 
(72) 
(73.3) 
(59.1) 
Profit from continuing operations 
180  
145  
24.2  
90.5  
Net profit from discontinued operations 
—  
—  
—  
—  
Consolidated profit 
180  
145  
24.2  
90.5  
Non-controlling interests 
(1) 
(2) 
(12.2) 
34.7  
Underlying attributable profit to the parent 
179  
144  
24.6  
91.1  
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers 
4,151  
4,792  
(13.4) 
32.9  
Cash, central banks and credit institutions 
3,048  
3,911  
(22.1) 
19.5  
Debt instruments 
1,897  
429  
342.5  
578.7  
Other financial assets 
59  
87  
(31.8) 
4.5  
Other asset accounts 
832  
836  
(0.5) 
52.7  
Total assets 
9,988  
10,054  
(0.7) 
52.4  
Customer deposits 
7,179  
7,002  
2.5  
57.2  
Central banks and credit institutions 
840  
1,033  
(18.6) 
24.8  
Marketable debt securities 
20  
71  
(71.5) 
(56.3) 
Other financial liabilities 
657  
747  
(11.9) 
35.1  
Other liabilities accounts 
359  
392  
(8.4) 
40.5  
Total liabilities 
9,056  
9,244  
(2.0) 
50.3  
Total equity 
931  
810  
15.0  
76.3  
Pro memoria: 
 
 
 
 
Gross loans and advances to customers B 
4,395  
4,993  
(12.0) 
35.0  
Customer funds 
8,795  
8,099  
8.6  
66.6  
    Customer deposits C 
7,179  
7,002  
2.5  
57.2  
    Mutual funds 
1,616  
1,097  
47.3  
126.0  
Ratios (%) and operating data 
 
 
 
 
Underlying RoTE 
26.24  
22.20  
4.04  
 
Efficiency ratio 
56.0  
57.9  
(1.9) 
 
NPL ratio 
2.11  
3.39  
(1.28) 
 
NPL coverage 
275.1  
124.0  
151.1  
 
Number of employees 
9,159  
9,178  
(0.2) 
 
Number of branches 
408  
438  
(6.8)

--- Page 535 ---
- 535 - 
 
A. Includes exchange differences.  
B. Excluding reverse repos.  
C. Excluding repos.  
Uruguay 
Strategy 
In a year blighted by the pandemic, in Uruguay the Group focused on mitigating its impact, preparing its teams 
for remote work, protecting its employees and adapting its products to customers' needs. 
It continued to make progress in technological transformation, signing an agreement with IBM to provide 
Santander Uruguay greater technological support. To add new digital capabilities, it launched A Sola Selfie for 
online loans, and SUMO, the country's first fully mobile branch. It further expanded Prosperá as an inclusive 
offering, as well as Santander Locker.  
The efforts to consolidate its value proposition enabled it to gain market share and grow its customer base, 
increasing loyal and digital customers by 2% and 14%, respectively. 
Business performance 
Loans and advances to customers dropped 9% year-on-year in euros. Excluding reverse repurchase agreements 
and the exchange rate impact, gross loans and advances to customers rose 12%. 
Customer deposits were 4% higher in euros compared to 2019. Excluding the exchange rate impact and repurchase 
agreements, they increased 28%.  
Results 
In 2020, underlying attributable profit was EUR 134 million with an underlying RoTE of 27.9%.  
Compared to 2019, underlying attributable profit decreased 11% in euros and rose 8% excluding the exchange 
rate impact. By line: 
 
Total income grew 3% mainly driven by net fee income (+17%) and gains on financial transactions 
(+38%). 
 
Administrative expenses and amortisations rose 2%, at a slower pace than total income, improving 
the efficiency ratio to 41.4% (-62 bps year-on-year). 
 
Net loan-loss provisions increased 17%. The cost of credit stood at 2.30% and coverage remained high 
(104%).  
Uruguay 
 
 
 
 
EUR million 
 
 
 
 
Underlying income statement 
2020  
2019  
% 
%  excl. 
FX 
Net interest income 
267  
333  
(19.8) 
(2.8) 
Total income 
380  
447  
(14.8) 
3.3  
Administrative expenses and amortisations 
(157) 
(188) 
(16.1) 
1.8  
Net operating income 
223  
259  
(13.9) 
4.4  
Net loan-loss provisions 
(61) 
(63) 
(3.8) 
16.6  
Profit before tax 
161  
189  
(14.8) 
3.3  
Underlying attributable profit to the parent 
134  
150  
(10.6) 
8.4  
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
Total assets 
5,102  
5,051  
1.0  
24.6  
Gross loans and advances to customers A 
2,552  
2,804  
(9.0) 
12.3  
Customer funds 
4,356  
4,197  
3.8  
28.1  
Customer deposits B 
4,318  
4,162  
3.8  
28.0  
Mutual funds 
38  
36  
7.1  
32.1

--- Page 536 ---
- 536 - 
A. Excluding reverse repos.  
B. Excluding repos.  
Peru 
Strategy 
The strategy remained focused on the corporate segment, the country’s large companies and the Group's global 
customers, by providing support to customers, as well as greater liquidity and flexibility. The Group also boosted 
the distribution of derivative instruments to reduce its customers' financial risks and increased deposit taking. 
The auto loan financial entity continued to expand its business as a part of the Group's strategy to increase presence 
in this business, underpinned by local teams and its best practices in South America. 
It continued to drive the digitalisation of its services and internal processes to improve customer experience and 
operational efficiency. 60% of transactions were made digitally through its office banking platform. 
Business performance 
Loans and advances to customers decreased 1% year-on-year in euros (+19% on a gross basis, excluding reverse 
repurchase agreements and the exchange rate impact), and customer deposits surged 16% (+39% excluding the 
exchange rate impact and repurchase agreements). 
Results 
Underlying attributable profit of EUR 53 million in 2020 was 12% higher year-on-year, equivalent to a RoTE 
of 21.9%. Excluding the exchange rate impact, underlying attributable profit increased 19%. By line: 
 
Total income grew 30% mainly due to the positive performance of customer revenue and gains on 
financial transactions, reflecting greater customer and market activity. 
 
The efficiency ratio improved to 29.2% (-3.7 pp year-on-year). 
 
Net loan-loss provisions increased sharply due to covid-19 related charges. 
 
The NPL ratio was 0.80% and coverage was very high (149%). 
Colombia 
Strategy 
Santander Colombia remained focused on SCIB clients, large corporates and companies, contributing solutions 
in treasury, risk hedging, foreign trade, confirming, custody and investment banking products to support the 
country’s infrastructure plan.  In consumer finance, its priority was to make the auto business profitable through 
value propositions for customers and manufacturers, increased customer loyalty and digitalisation.  
It signed two major agreements in the automotive sector, reaching a market share of 3.4% (+110 bps) in loan 
origination. Despite the reactivation of this sector in Q4'20, it recorded a c.30% year-on-year reduction in vehicle 
sales due to the pandemic.  
Santander Colombia acted as joint bookrunner in an international bond issuance for the Republic of Colombia 
with 10- and 30-year terms, and as lead arranger in the first fast track facility transaction guaranteed by MIGA for 
BANCOLDEX worth USD 400 million, mainly to support SMEs affected by covid-19. 
Great Place to Work recognized it as a company with an outstanding working environment. 
Business performance 
Loans and advances to customers rose 28% year-on-year in euros. In gross terms, excluding reverse repurchase 
agreements and the exchange rate impact growth was 45%, notably in consumer finance, corporates and CIB. 
Customer deposits rose 22% in euros and 39% excluding the exchange rate impact and repurchase agreements, 
driven by time deposits.

--- Page 537 ---
- 537 - 
Results 
Underlying attributable profit of EUR 19 million in the year was 22% higher than 2019 in euros with an 
underlying RoTE of 13.6%. 
Excluding the exchange rate impact, underlying attributable profit rose 40%, backed by total income (+26%) 
spurred by growth in net interest income (+55%), and gains on financial transactions (+24%). Administrative 
expenses and amortisations grew less than total income, enabling the efficiency ratio to improve 2.1 pp to 47.9%. 
Cost of credit was 0.56%.  
Corporate Centre 
Strategy and functions 
The Corporate Centre adds value to the Group in various ways: 
 
More solid governance, through global control frameworks and supervision. 
 
It fosters the exchange of best practices in cost management and generating economies of scale, enabling 
the Group to be one of the most efficient banks. 
 
It contributes to the launch of global business projects that leverage the Group's worldwide presence to 
develop solutions once that can be used by all business units, generating economies of scale. 
It also coordinates the Group's relationship with European regulators and performs the following financial and 
capital management functions: 
 
Financial management: 
 
Structural management of the liquidity risk associated with funding its recurring activity, 
financial stakes and management of net liquidity related to the needs of some business units. 
 
This is carried out by the different funding sources (issuances and other), maintaining an 
adequate profile in volumes, maturities and costs. The price of these operations with other group 
country units is the market rate plus a premium, which in liquidity terms, it supports by 
immobilizing funds during the operation's term. 
 
Interest rate risk is actively managed to soften the impact of interest rate changes on net interest 
income, conducted via high credit quality, and very liquid and low capital consumption 
derivatives. 
 
Strategic management of exposure to exchange rates in equity and dynamic in the countervalue 
of the country units’ annual results in euros. At year-end, net investments in equity are currently 
hedged by EUR 21,326 million (mainly Brazil, the UK, Mexico, Chile, the US, Poland and 
Norway) by various instruments (spot, fx, forwards). 
 
Management of total capital and reserves: efficient capital allocation to each country unit in order to 
maximize shareholder return. 
Results 
In 2020, underlying attributable loss of EUR 1,844 million was 12% lower than in 2019 and driven by: 
 
Greater negative impact of net interest income, from -EUR 1,252 million in 2019 to -EUR 
1,374 million, impacted by the increase in the liquidity buffer. 
 
Growth of EUR 583 million in gains on financial transactions mainly due to foreign currency hedging, 
the negative counterpart of which is in the conversion of results to euros in certain countries. 
 
Administrative expenses and amortisations improved 12% on the back of streamlining and 
simplification measures. 
 
Lower net loan-loss provisions, down from EUR 36 million in 2019 to EUR 31 million in 2020.

--- Page 538 ---
- 538 - 
 
Other gains (losses) and provisions includes provisions, intangible assets, cost of the state guarantee 
on deferred tax assets, pensions, litigation, one-off provisions for stakes whose value was affected by the 
crisis, etc. The net impact went from -EUR 237 million in 2019 to -EUR 412 million in 2020. 
CORPORATE CENTRE 
 
 
 
EUR million 
 
 
 
Underlying income statement 
2020  
2019  
% 
Net interest income 
(1,374) 
(1,252) 
9.7  
Net fee income 
(29) 
(50) 
(41.6) 
Gains (losses) on financial transactions A 
287  
(297) 
—  
Other operating income 
(25) 
(18) 
34.3  
Total income 
(1,141) 
(1,617) 
(29.4) 
Administrative expenses and amortisations 
(329) 
(373) 
(11.8) 
Net operating income 
(1,470) 
(1,990) 
(26.1) 
Net loan-loss provisions 
(31) 
(36) 
(13.8) 
Other gains (losses) and provisions 
(412) 
(237) 
74.0  
Profit before tax 
(1,912) 
(2,262) 
(15.5) 
Tax on profit 
69  
157  
(56.2) 
Profit from continuing operations 
(1,844) 
(2,105) 
(12.4) 
Net profit from discontinued operations 
—  
—  
—  
Consolidated profit 
(1,844) 
(2,105) 
(12.4) 
Non-controlling interests 
0  
9  
—  
Underlying attributable profit to the parent 
(1,844) 
(2,097) 
(12.0) 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers 
5,044  
5,764  
(12.5) 
Cash, central banks and credit institutions 
61,173  
32,803  
86.5  
Debt instruments 
1,918  
840  
128.4  
Other financial assets 
1,645  
2,406  
(31.6) 
Other asset accounts 
112,807  
126,539  
(10.9) 
Total assets 
182,587  
168,352  
8.5  
Customer deposits 
825  
793  
4.0  
Central banks and credit institutions 
38,555  
12,254  
214.6  
Marketable debt securities 
57,240  
54,495  
5.0  
Other financial liabilities 
493  
636  
(22.5) 
Other liabilities accounts 
9,443  
9,810  
(3.7) 
Total liabilities 
106,556  
77,989  
36.6  
Total equity 
76,031  
90,362  
(15.9) 
Operating data 
 
 
 
Number of employees 
1,692  
1,651  
2.5  
 
A. Includes exchange differences.  
Secondary segments 
Retail banking 
Strategy 
As the Group's commitment to society became even more important against the backdrop of the global pandemic, 
it strengthened its offering by implementing a series of measures to ensure the necessary financial support through 
pre-approved lines of credit, payment holidays and special policies. 
The crisis has strengthened and accelerated its digital transformation, focusing on its multi-channel strategy and 
the digitalisation of processes and businesses. As a result, the number of digital transactions rose 27%, sales 
through digital channels represented 44% of total sales and digital customers surged 15%, underpinned by: 
 
strategic transformation through digital acceleration in the UK. In 2020 it opened 82% of current 
accounts and 90% of credit cards through digital channels.

--- Page 539 ---
- 539 - 
 
the opening of Boutique Santander in Portugal, the country's first virtual marketplace. 
 
its digital channels in Spain, which led the Aqmetrix ranking. 
 
new solutions in Poland to boost customer experience and loyalty, such as a chatbot on the santander.pl 
website. 
 
new functionalities for SuperMóvil and Hipoteca Online, a digital platform, in Mexico.  
 
the introduction of GENTE in Brazil, a virtual assistant capable of answering more than 10,000 questions, 
reaching more than 37 million interactions. 
 
a record rise in account openings and prepaid card sales in Chile through Santander Life and Superdigital.  
 
Openbank Argentina obtaining its banking licence. 
 
the launch of SUMO in Uruguay, its digital branch and A Sola Selfie for online loans. 
The Group continued to launch commercial initiatives, with specialized products and services for each segment: 
 
In individuals, it introduced Hipoteca Free in Mexico, the country's first commission-free mortgage. In 
Brazil, it launched the SX credit card, which benefits its most transactional customers. In Argentina, it 
rolled out Getnet and set up Santander Consumer, specialized in consumer financing and secured loans. 
In Spain, it has a new commercial proposition for individuals, Santander One, a pioneering subscription-
based financial service model, centred on customer loyalty and personalised services.   
 
In auto finance, SCF continued to focus on remaining the leader in auto finance, acquiring a 46% stake 
in Sixt Leasing. In Poland, it ran a promotional offer to finance electric and hybrid vehicles. In Brazil, it 
retained the highest market share and introduced Troca+Troco, in collaboration with Webmotors. The 
auto business in the US is ideally positioned, and the partnership with Fiat Chrysler was strengthened. In 
Colombia, it remained focused on improving profitability in the auto business. 
 
In the corporate segment, all countries granted state-guaranteed loans to corporates. In SMEs, the Group 
continued to move forward with products such as Prospera, its micro-credit programme for entrepreneurs 
in Brazil and Uruguay, which was implemented in Peru in 2020. It launched new value-added products 
in Poland, such as a medical service for SME customers alongside MasterCard and Luxmed.  
Regarding its branch network transformation, the Group remains committed to boosting its multi-channel 
proposition. In addition to digital channels, it has 11,236 branches and is working on optimising and adapting 
them to its customers' needs. Its aim is to improve customer experience and offer advice on everything they need 
through the channel that best suits their preferences and requirements. 
These measures helped the Group to gain market recognition, with several awards in the countries and segments 
where it operates: 
 
It was named the World’s Best Bank for SMEs by Euromoney and also won Euromoney’s Best Bank for 
Diversity and Inclusion global award for the first time. It was named best bank in Spain and Portugal and 
best investment bank in Portugal.  
 
Santander also received the Bank of the Year award in Spain and the Americas, including Brazil and 
Argentina. 
Business performance 
Loans and advances to customers decreased 3% year-on-year. Excluding reverse repurchase agreements and the 
exchange rate impact, gross loans rose 4%. 
Customer deposits were 2% higher in euros compared to 2019. Excluding repurchase agreements and the 
exchange rate impact, they were 9% higher, driven by growth in demand deposits (+13%).

--- Page 540 ---
- 540 - 
Results 
Underlying attributable profit was EUR 4,196 million (61% of the Group’s operating areas). 
Compared to 2019, underlying attributable profit fell 45% in euros. Excluding the exchange rate impact, it was 
39% lower, as follows: 
 
Total income fell 3% impacted by the fall in net fee income (-10%). Net interest income remained flat 
and gains on financial transactions were up 8%. 
 
Administrative expenses and amortisations decreased 3% benefiting from positive cost management 
in most countries. 
 
Loan-loss provisions soared 44% strongly affected by covid-19 related provisions.  
 
Other gains (losses) and provisions improved 13% primarily driven by Brazil and the US. 
RETAIL BANKING 
 
 
 
 
EUR million 
 
 
 
 
Underlying income statement 
2020  
2019  
% 
%  excl. 
FX 
Net interest income 
29,544  
32,862  
(10.1) 
0.1  
Net fee income 
6,850  
8,561  
(20.0) 
(9.6) 
Gains (losses) on financial transactions A 
961  
871  
10.3  
8.0  
Other operating income 
(141) 
304  
0.0  
0.0  
Total income 
37,215  
42,599  
(12.6) 
(3.1) 
Administrative expenses and amortisations 
(16,847) 
(18,926) 
(11.0) 
(2.6) 
Net operating income 
20,368  
23,672  
(14.0) 
(3.5) 
Net loan-loss provisions 
(11,608) 
(9,101) 
27.5  
44.1  
Other gains (losses) and provisions 
(1,229) 
(1,619) 
(24.1) 
(13.2) 
Profit before tax 
7,531  
12,953  
(41.9) 
(35.2) 
Tax on profit 
(2,452) 
(4,048) 
(39.4) 
(30.7) 
Profit from continuing operations 
5,078  
8,905  
(43.0) 
(37.2) 
Net profit from discontinued operations 
—  
—  
—  
—  
Consolidated profit 
5,078  
8,905  
(43.0) 
(37.2) 
Non-controlling interests 
(883) 
(1,325) 
(33.4) 
(26.7) 
Underlying attributable profit to the parent 
4,196  
7,580  
(44.6) 
(39.0) 
 
A. Includes exchange differences.  
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Strategy 
SCIB is the Group's global business for corporate clients and institutions that require tailored services and 
wholesale value-added products adapted to their complexity and sophistication.  
Its long-term strategy remains focused on becoming its clients' strategic advisor of choice. The transformation it 
started three years ago continues to bear fruit, delivering sound results. 
The key areas it is focusing on are: 
 
accelerating balance sheet rotation through efficient capital management to maximize the return on risk-
weighted assets. To this end, SCIB focused on strengthening its distribution teams, which resulted in 
greater origination capacity to distribute and run profitable transactions. 
 
increasing diversification, by countries, customers and products:

--- Page 541 ---
- 541 - 
 
by country, through the promotion of its business in the US, the UK and Continental Europe, as 
well as strengthening its franchises in Peru and Colombia, completing its value proposition in 
Latin America. 
 
as for the diversification of its customer base, it is increasing business with institutional and 
financial entities, offering a wide range of products throughout its markets. 
 
ot continued to expand its product range by introducing new, more complex and tailored 
products to fully cover its clients' needs. 
 
continuing to strengthen its environment and control mechanism, investing in strategic projects to make 
its processes more robust and to respond to regulatory requirements. 
 
becoming the leader in advising on sustainable and responsible financing ("ESG") to support its clients 
in the transition towards a more sustainable and low-carbon economy. In 2020, SCIB created a global 
team to provide solutions and support its clients in their search for strategic solutions. 
 
digitalising its business, exploring market opportunities that allow it to improve processes, offer new 
products and services to clients, add new technologies, for example. 
In line with the Group's strategy, SCIB aims to be one of the leading wholesale banks in Europe by creating a 
pan-European platform that simplifies its structure and will enable it to better serve its clients' needs and to support 
its business growth initiatives. Furthermore, SCIB aims to maintain its leadership position in South America and 
also to turn the US franchise into a fierce competitor in North America. 
Business performance 
In the complex humanitarian and macroeconomic environment arising from covid-19, the year's activity was 
strongly conditioned by the effort to protect SCIB's employees and ensure the continuity of its and its clients' 
businesses.  Its strong relationship with its global clients (corporates, governments, corporations, institutions, etc.) 
enabled it to act quickly and decisively, providing them with strategic advice, tailored financing solutions and 
helping them access the capital markets to cover their capital needs and maintain high levels of liquidity during 
the worst months of the pandemic. 
Main actions performed in the year by business line: 
 
Global markets: significant business growth in all countries despite high volatility, and strong overall 
activity due to an increase in its clients' funding and coverage needs. 
Positive both corporate and institutional sales performance, particularly in Asia, Argentina, the UK, 
Mexico and Brazil, as well as book management, notably in Brazil, Spain, Portugal, the US, the UK and 
Mexico. 
 
Debt Capital Markets: sharp growth boosted by the positive performance in the US and Europe, while 
Latin American markets remained tepid. 
SCIB continued to focus on sustainable financing, and is a reference for the issuance of green and social 
bonds, particularly those aimed at softening the effects of the pandemic. 
 
Syndicated Corporate Loans: it supported its clients during the year, meeting their funding and 
liquidity needs by increasing loan volumes and participating in operations backed by government 
programmes across Europe.  
It upheld its responsible banking strategy by increasing its range of sustainable finance products via green 
loans or loans linked to sustainable metrics. 
 
Structured Financing: Santander consolidated its leadership position in Project Finance, ranking first 
globally (by number of transactions as at December 2020), in Europe, Middle East and Asia (EMEA) 
and Latin America.

--- Page 542 ---
- 542 - 
It remained at the forefront of financing of renewable energy projects (one of the main priorities of the 
Group's ESG strategy) also ranking first globally, in EMEA and Latin America. As for financial advisory 
services, it continued to be a global reference in 2020: first in Latin America, and fifth in the world. 
 
Cash management: in this challenging year, reacting rapidly to the issues arising from the pandemic, 
the digitalisation of its products and the close relationship with its clients were key to delivering sustained 
growth in the transactional business and becoming its clients' transactional bank of choice. 
 
Export & Agency Finance: it continued to support its clients in their export and import activities through 
structured financing solutions backed by export credit agencies. 
It was particularly active in programmes to mitigate the impact of covid-19 implemented by the CESCE 
(Spanish Export Credit Insurance Company) and the World Bank through guaranteed loans in Latin 
America. It maintained its leadership position with solid growth, especially in the UK, Mexico and Brazil. 
 
Trade & Working Capital Solutions: strong business growth across markets, especially in Europe, the 
US, Brazil and Asia. 
It continued to support its clients, strengthening its capabilities in the global confirming and receivables 
platforms, which allowed it to maintain its leadership in these products. Likewise, commercial activity 
increased in structured trade, especially in Brazil, helping to gain market share and diversify into new 
sources of income. 
 
Corporate Finance: some sectors succeeded in maintaining greater dynamism, in terms of the number 
of transactions and business and asset valuations, particularly those related to energy transition and 
renewable energy. In M&A, regarding regulated electricity grids businesses, of note was the transaction 
announced by State Grid, the largest in the history of Chile's electricity sector and the second largest in 
Latin America, where Santander acted as the buyer's financial advisor. 
In 2020, CIB reached a record high for income from share placement operations for the second year 
running, holding leading positions in Europe and Latin America. The year's most significant operations 
include its participation in the two largest European initial public offerings (JD Peets for EUR 2.6 billion 
and Allegro for EUR 2.4 billion), as well as leadership in the Soltec operation. In Latin America, 
Santander led more than 20 IPOs and capital increases in Brazil.  
Results 
Underlying attributable profit in 2020 was up 6% in euros. Excluding the exchange rate impact, growth was 
23%, backed by double-digit hikes in our core businesses, particularly Global Markets and Global Debt Finance. 
 
Total income growth was spurred on by the strong increase in all revenue lines:  net fee income (+12%), 
gains on financial transactions (+23%) and net interest income (+20%).  
 
Administrative expenses and amortisations fell 3%, which enabled efficiency to improve 5 pp and net 
operating income to grow 30%. 
 
Sound revenue performance and prudent cost management was enough to fully absorb net loan-loss 
provisions growth, derived from the general macroeconomic deterioration, and significantly increase 
underlying attributable profit. 
SANTANDER CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
EUR million 
 
 
 
 
Underlying income statement 
2020  
2019  
% 
%  excl. 
FX 
Net interest income 
2,953  
2,728  
8.3  
20.4  
Net fee income 
1,550  
1,520  
2.0  
12.5  
Gains (losses) on financial transactions A 
690  
689  
0.1  
22.9  
Other operating income 
203  
289  
(29.8) 
(31.0) 
Total income 
5,397  
5,227  
3.3  
15.1  
Administrative expenses and amortisations 
(2,069) 
(2,281) 
(9.3) 
(2.7) 
Net operating income 
3,328  
2,945  
13.0  
29.8

--- Page 543 ---
- 543 - 
Net loan-loss provisions 
(467) 
(155) 
200.4  
209.9  
Other gains (losses) and provisions 
(135) 
(91) 
48.7  
60.2  
Profit before tax 
2,726  
2,699  
1.0  
17.1  
Tax on profit 
(783) 
(815) 
(3.9) 
12.0  
Profit from continuing operations 
1,944  
1,884  
3.1  
19.3  
Net profit from discontinued operations 
—  
—  
—  
—  
Consolidated profit 
1,944  
1,884  
3.1  
19.3  
Non-controlling interests 
(121) 
(171) 
(29.5) 
(15.9) 
Underlying attributable profit to the parent 
1,823  
1,713  
6.4  
22.7  
 
A. Includes exchange differences.  
Wealth Management & Insurance  
Strategy 
Within the Group's strategy developed with the aim of becoming the best responsible wealth manager in Europe 
and Latin America, of note were: 
 
Positive net sales and business growth rates in Private Banking, despite the market situation and the 
cuts in interest rates in the US, Latin America and the UK. The Group's goal was to complete the value 
proposition in all its countries, particularly in advisory services.  
Regarding alternative funds, its value proposition is centred on selecting a range of funds from leading 
national and international management companies, notably the launches made through its international 
platform in Ireland.  It continued to expand the ESG investment range via SAM and third party products, 
supported by the continuous training of managers and advisers. 
Launch of Future Wealth, a joint initiative with SAM, consisting of a platform to invest in leading 
innovation companies grouped into 18 disruptive themes (such as health, energy transition technology 
and smart cities) with the SAM Future Wealth fund as the core product. 
It received numerous awards in 2020 from prestigious publications (Professional Wealth Manager, 
Euromoney, The Banker and Global Finance) for its technology, various business segments and local 
private banks in several countries. 
The total volume of shared business across its markets reached EUR 6.8 billion, 34% more than 2019, 
mainly driven by operations in Mexico, Chile, Miami and Switzerland.  
 
In Santander Asset Management, there was continued improvement and broadening of the product 
offering. Of note was growth in the Santander GO range, with a volume of more than EUR 2.3 billion 
and the positive performance of its platform in Luxembourg, reaching EUR 8.2 billion. It is also working 
on the implementation of an alternative product offering with infrastructure funds and leasing, with the 
launch of the Alternative Leasing fund for SME machinery and equipment. 
Operational and technological transformation continued, involving the implementation of the Aladdin 
platform, which has already been successfully rolled-out in six countries and virtually implemented in 
another three in Latin America.  
Santander Asset Management made further headway in its ESG strategy, becoming a member of the 
Principles for Responsible Investment ("PRI") as well as the International Investors Group on Climate 
Change ("IIGCC"), which places it at the heart of a global community seeking to build a more 
sustainable financial system. It currently has over 20 ESG products and assets under management of 
EUR 6.9 billion (+90% vs. 2019). 
 
In Insurance, the main growth driver continued to be the non-credit-related business, which has a longer 
portfolio duration. There has been a continued increase in the number of insurance policies distributed 
through digital channels, which now account for 10% of the total sales volume. 
In Latin America the Group continued to successfully develop its auto-related business, working with various 
insurance companies and new mobility products. In Chile, it launched Grupo Santander's first On/Off insurance

--- Page 544 ---
- 544 - 
through Klare, its fully digital insurance broker, which allows customers to activate coverage on a daily basis. In 
Argentina, it improved the end-to-end digital sales process for personal protection insurance (customers and non-
customers). 
In Europe, it introduced a new multi-risk insurance proposal for SMEs in Spain and Portugal through a joint 
venture with Mapfre. In the UK, it enhanced the digital experience for its tailored Home & Life insurance, 
optimising the use of data to offer personalized products and simplify purchasing. In Poland, it has a new fully-
digital life insurance offer, which had a great response from customers as it enables them to build their own 
tailored coverage. 
Business performance 
Total assets under management amounted to EUR 370 billion, in line with December 2019 in constant euros. In 
the quarter, growth was 4% and 10% compared to March 2020. 
In Private Banking, the volume of customer assets and liabilities grew 1% year-on-year to EUR 230 billion. This 
was mainly due to the impact of covid-19 on markets which particularly affected the custody business. However, 
quarter-on-quarter growth in Q4 was 7% induced by market improvement and strong commercial activity. 
Underlying attributable profit in 2020 was EUR 414 million, down 2% compared to 2019 (excluding the exchange 
rate impact). Of note were Mexico, Poland, Brazil and Miami. 
 
In SAM, total assets under management increased 1% compared to 2019, despite the negative impact of 
markets driven by the covid-19 crisis. Cumulative net sales remained in positive figures since May, 
mainly in Chile, Luxembourg, Argentina and Mexico. 
Underlying attributable profit was EUR 120 million, 16% lower year-on-year, due to lower average 
volumes and margins. Of note was the performance in Mexico, Portugal and Argentina. Total 
contribution to the Group's profit (including ceded fee income) was EUR 494 million. 
 
In Insurance, the volume of gross written premiums amounted to EUR 7.9 billion (-3% year-on-year), 
affected by lower loans and savings activity amid the crisis. Of note was the 9% growth in fee income 
generated by the non-credit related protection business. 
Despite lower activity, the underlying attributable profit generated in 2020 by the insurance business 
amounted to EUR 333 million, 18% higher than in 2019. Total contribution to profit (including ceded 
fee income) amounted to EUR 1,220 million. 
Results 
Underlying attributable profit was EUR 868 million in 2020, down 7%. Excluding the exchange rate effect, it 
was 2% higher: 
 
Total income increased mainly driven by net fee income (+7%) due to the greater contribution from 
private banking and insurance. 
 
Total fee income generated, including fees ceded to the branch network amounted to EUR 3,108 million 
and represented 31% of the Group's total. 
 
Administrative expenses and amortisations were in line with 2019, due to the optimisation measures 
that absorbed the impact of investments. 
 
As a result, net operating income increased 6%. 
The total contribution to the Group (including net profit and total fees generated net of taxes) was EUR 
2,145 million, 2% lower than in 2019 in constant euros. 
WEALTH MANAGEMENT & INSURANCE 
 
 
 
 
EUR million 
 
 
 
 
Underlying income statement 
2020 
2019 
% 
%  excl. 
FX 
Net interest income 
454  
570  
(20.4) 
(15.3)

--- Page 545 ---
- 545 - 
Net fee income 
1,194  
1,199  
(0.4) 
6.5  
Gains (losses) on financial transactions A 
103  
117  
(12.0) 
(4.5) 
Other operating income 
383  
339  
13.0  
26.9  
Total income 
2,135  
2,226  
(4.1) 
3.3  
Administrative expenses and amortisations 
(906) 
(955) 
(5.1) 
(0.4) 
Net operating income 
1,229  
1,271  
(3.3) 
6.2  
Net loan-loss provisions 
(28) 
23  
—  
—  
Other gains (losses) and provisions 
(1) 
(12) 
(92.8) 
(92.3) 
Profit before tax 
1,199  
1,281  
(6.4) 
2.6  
Tax on profit 
(291) 
(302) 
(3.7) 
4.2  
Profit from continuing operations 
909  
979  
(7.2) 
2.1  
Net profit from discontinued operations 
—  
—  
—  
—  
Consolidated profit 
909  
979  
(7.2) 
2.1  
Non-controlling interests 
(41) 
(50) 
(18.3) 
(0.6) 
Underlying attributable profit to the parent 
868  
929  
(6.6) 
2.3  
 
A. Includes exchange differences.  
Santander Global Platform ("SGP") 
Strategy  
The Group is recognised as one of the best global payments providers, and it aspires to continue offering faster 
and better solutions to all its customers, which it develops based on customer experience and to drive loyalty. It 
offers these solutions to both its banks ("B2C") and third parties ("B2B2C"), generating significant new revenue 
opportunities and expanding its customer base to new customers and geographies. 
The three business areas made significant progress against the plan in last quarter: 
Merchant solutions (Global Merchant Services), SGP's initiative to create a global acquiring business under 
the Getnet global brand based on a single open platform, provides end-to-end payments solutions for merchants, 
ranging from accepting payments to value-added services. 
In Q4, Getnet Brasil achieved record growth of 200% year-on-year in online transactions on Black Friday, 
reaching a 30% market share. Getnet platform developments continued to incorporate additional functionalities.  
At the end of 2020, Getnet reached an agreement to acquire several highly-specialized technology assets and 
teams from Wirecard's European merchant payments business. This acquisition will further reinforce and 
accelerate Getnet´s growth plans in the region. 
Trade solutions (Global Trade Services), the group's strategic initiative to develop the global platform 
OneTrade, provides the services needed to trade internationally including international payments, FX, 
international treasury management and foreign trade. 
In Q4, SGP connected its customers in Portugal and Colombia to the OneTrade platform, adding to those from 
Brazil, Spain, the UK and Chile. With the latest roll outs, more than 150,000 companies now have access. 
Regarding new services added to the OneTrade platform, it tested and deployed an internal FX and liquidity model 
for transactions between the UK and Spain. This service will be rolled out to other countries and currencies in the 
next two quarters. 
Consumer solutions ("Superdigital"), the Group's financial inclusion platform for individuals, offers simple 
and flexible basic financial services to meet the financial needs of the underbanked in Latin America. 
In Q4, SGP began rolling out the new global Superdigital platform, which efficiently supports operations in 
different countries, across Latin America, starting with Brazil and then to Argentina, Uruguay, Colombia, Peru, 
Chile and Mexico.  
Superdigital Brazil's active customers increased almost 25% and the value of transactions rose by about 60% in 
the year.

--- Page 546 ---
- 546 - 
Other activities  
Openbank, the Group's full-service digital bank offers the current accounts and cards of neobanks, but also 
successfully sells loans and mortgages, as well as providing a state-of-the-art robo-advisory and open platform 
brokerage services. 
Openbank is currently active in Spain, the Netherlands, Germany and Portugal. In July, it was granted a banking 
licence to operate in Argentina and plans to start operations in the first half of 2021. 
In 2020, Openbank increased its loan book of digital mortgages and unsecured personal loans by 31.2%, deposits 
by 15.4% and new customers by 107% year-on-year.  
Customers with investment products increased by 31% and the number of securities transactions rose by 131%. 
Loyal customers keep showing a leading industry benchmark engagement ratio of 4.5 products per customer. As 
a result of the strong business results, fee income increased 38% year-on-year. 
Looking towards the Group's future strategy, back in October it announced the creation of PagoNxt, an upgrade 
to Santander Global Platform, which will enable it to combine its payment businesses into an autonomous 
company, providing world-class technology solutions for its banks and new open market customers. 
As previously mentioned in other sub-sections of this section, Openbank and SCF will be combined into the new 
Digital Consumer Bank. 
Results 
Looking at SGP's activity in 2020 in a broad sense, i.e. in addition to considering the results generated by the 
digital platforms, including 50% of the results generated by the country units for the platform-related products, 
SGP's total income as a secondary segment was EUR 994 million in 2020 and pro forma underlying attributable 
profit was positive at EUR 39 million.  
This is the net result of two components; the investment in building the platforms and 50% of the profit obtained 
from commercial relationships with our customers: 
 
Total income rose 9% in constant euros to almost EUR 1 billion, backed by net interest income. 
 
Administrative expenses and amortisations rose 21% year-on-year, with most of the spend 
concentrated on building the platforms. The Group is making progress in technology development and 
process improvements, as well as designing new services to be offered via its platforms and rolling them 
out. 
 
Net loan-loss provisions fell 17% vs 2019, with no material impact on the P&L. 
 
Other gains (losses) and provisions remained insignificant at -EUR 9 million. 
It regularly assesses the market valuations of the businesses included in SGP, based on multiples of comparable 
companies, to ensure its investments in digital are creating value. 
SANTANDER GLOBAL PLATFORM 
 
 
 
 
EUR million 
 
 
 
 
Underlying income statement 
2020 
2019 
% 
% sin TC 
Net interest income 
416 
375 
11.0 
25.7 
Net fee income 
449 
549 
(18.2) 
(1.7) 
Gains (losses) on financial transactions A 
146 
149 
(2.4) 
4.8 
Other operating income 
(17) 
(13) 
28.2 
34.3 
Total income 
994 
1,061 
(6.2) 
8.7 
Administrative expenses and amortisations 
(816) 
(745) 
9.5 
20.6 
Net operating income 
178 
315 
(43.5) 
(25.0) 
Net loan-loss provisions 
(39) 
(52) 
(24.2) 
(17.1) 
Other gains (losses) and provisions 
(9) 
(5) 
76.8 
68.9 
Profit before tax 
130 
258 
(49.7) 
(29.8) 
Tax on profit 
(59) 
(95) 
(38.4) 
(12.4) 
Profit from continuing operations 
71 
163 
(56.3) 
(39.7)

--- Page 547 ---
- 547 - 
Net profit from discontinued operations 
0 
0 
— 
— 
Consolidated profit 
71 
163 
(56.3) 
(39.7) 
Non-controlling interests 
(32) 
(36) 
(11.1) 
1.7 
Underlying attributable profit to the parent 
39 
127 
(69.3) 
(54.9) 
 
A. Includes exchange differences. 
 
(b) 
An indication of any significant new products and/or activities. 
Marketing of products and services 
Product governance and consumer protection functions 
The product governance and customer protection mission is to ensure that the Group acts taking into 
account the interest of its customers by complying with regulations and the entity’s values and principles. 
This mission is achieved through the following drivers and functions: 
 
Framework and culture 
(i) 
To establish the corporate framework for the commercialisation of products and 
services and consumer protection, and the policies that develop it, defining the 
principles of conduct and risk management throughout the commercialisation process 
and the relationship with the retail customer. 
(ii) 
To promote an appropriate culture with a Simple, Personal and Fair approach, for 
action in taking into account the customers´ best interest.  
(iii) 
To stablish and manage a strong governance: i) the product governance forum; ii) 
product governance and consumer protection monitoring meeting; iii) the fiduciary 
risk meeting; and iii) the customer voice meeting, which ensure that appropriate 
standards of conduct with customers are applied.  
 
Processes 
(i) 
Ensure that products are designed to meet the characteristics and needs of customers, 
with an appropriate balance of risks, costs and profitability. 
(ii) 
Oversee the sale process to the adequate target market, with proper commercial 
treatment and transparency of information, as well as sales force training and 
compensation systems that encourage performance in the interest of the customer. 
(iii) 
Ensure that customer service, post-sale systems and processes facilitate a simple, 
personal and fair approach to the customers, as well as adequate detection and 
management of possible deterioration of products and services. 
 
Management 
(iv) 
Ensures that decisions are made and action plans are defined and followed when 
necessary. Reports to senior management and statutory bodies. 
(v) 
Oversees the design and execution of controls throughout the commercialisation and 
customer relationship process. 
(vi) 
Identifies risks through: client voice, regulator guidelines, industry practices, 
supervisor and auditor opinions, and learning from internal/external events. 
Applies corporate risk assessment methodologies, such as management indicators, thematic 
evaluations, and self-assessments. 
(c) 
Principal Markets: A brief description of the principal markets in which the Guarantor competes

--- Page 548 ---
- 548 - 
See paragraph 5.1(a) above. 
5.2 
The basis for any statements made by the Guarantor regarding its competitive position. 
There are no statements made by the Guarantor regarding its competitive position other than statements 
made in the "Business Overview" section above where the sources for these statements are expressly 
stated or based on publicly available information found on the websites of other banks, supervisory 
authorities or regulators).  
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE  
6.1 
If the guarantor is part of a group, a brief description of the group and of the guarantor's position 
within it. 
Banco Santander, S.A. is the parent company of the Santander Group. At 31 December 2020, the Group 
consisted of 711 subsidiaries of Banco Santander, S.A. In addition, other 164 companies are associates 
of the Group, joint ventures or companies of which the Group holds more than 5% (excluding the Group 
companies of negligible interest with respect to the fair presentation that the annual accounts must 
express). 
6.2 
If the guarantor is dependent upon other entities within the group, this must be clearly stated together 
with an explanation of this dependence. 
The Guarantor is not dependent upon any other entity in the Group. 
7. 
TREND INFORMATION 
Overview 
The forward-looking statements included in this section are based on the current beliefs and expectations 
of our management, including the macroeconomic expectations described below, and are subject to 
significant risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties could cause the Group's actual results to 
differ materially from those set forth in such forward-looking statements. See "Risk Factors". 
The announcement of a number of highly effective vaccines in the prevention of covid-19 has led to a 
substantial improvement in expectations for 2021, and in particular, reduced the probability of the most 
adverse scenarios. However, the  resurgence of the virus in early 2021 and the consequent containment 
measures may have tangible impacts on the economy in the first months of the year, even if experience 
in the second wave shows that the public and private sectors have learnt to better manage the pandemic 
and contain its economic effects. 
The expected acceleration on the pace of vaccination, particularly among high-risk populations, in the 
Group's core markets and that expansive economic policies will be maintained suggests that economies 
will see a marked recovery. However, in general, the Group does not expect to regain pre-crisis levels 
until 2022. 
The management priorities of the principal geographic areas for 2021 are set out below: 
EUROPE  
With the aim of accelerating transformation, increasing volumes and having a more efficient business 
model, the priorities for the region in 2021 are to: 
 
Transform how the Group manages its mass-market business, simplifying its value proposition 
and improving customer experience, through the creation of Regional Business Owners. 
 
Leverage its global businesses (SCIB and WM&I) and the connection with PagoNxt to 
accelerate profitable growth in the region. 
 
Accelerate its digital agenda, with a common mobile experience across the region.

--- Page 549 ---
- 549 - 
 
Deliver a significant share of the EUR 1 billion additional cost savings commitment for the next 
two years, transforming its operating model. 
 
Excel in risk management, maintaining and reinforcing its balance sheet strength. 
In Spain, the covid-19 health crisis entailed significant changes in the macroeconomic and competitive 
environment. This required the Group to adapt its strategic priorities for the short- and medium-term: 
 
Continue to develop its distribution, operational and organisational model in order to reduce 
costs and accelerate progress in its digital transformation. 
 
Boost revenue by focusing on developing the corporate segment and moving towards a simple 
and complete offer for individuals, with continuous customer experience improvement. In 
addition, strengthen its leadership position in Private Banking and CIB. 
 
Adapt the risk management model and policies, strengthening the recovery management model 
and mitigating operational risks. 
 
Optimise the use of capital, focusing on value-added segments and higher profitability products. 
 
Foster a responsible banking culture across the organisation. 
Santander UK’s priorities remain largely unchanged, with a 2021 specific focus on managing margins 
and simplifying the business to improve efficiency and returns: 
 
Deliver growth through customer loyalty and outstanding customer experience. 
 
Simplify and digitalise the business. 
 
Engage, motivate and develop a talented and diverse team. 
 
Be a responsible and sustainable business. 
In Portugal, the priorities for the year are to: 
 
Further the digital and commercial transformation, to make it simpler, more agile and closer to 
customers. 
 
Grow organically in terms of profitable market share, improving the Group's lending leadership 
position and leveraging its position in the corporate and, especially, the SME segments. 
 
Improve efficiency backed by its digital capabilities to better serve its customers. 
 
Maintain an appropriate risk policy, with improved monitoring, to maintain a low cost of credit. 
 
Maintain a strong capital and liquidity position in the current economic environment. 
In Poland the Group's strategy focuses on five key initiatives: 
 
Simplify the structure, based on the One Purpose - One Process approach of One Santander. 
 
Improve customer satisfaction to be among the Top 3 in NPS.  
 
Increase profitability through effective net interest income management, higher fee income and 
cost control. 
 
Progress in the responsible banking agenda.  
 
Strengthen its employees' skills to support the transformation of Santander Bank Polska. 
NORTH AMERICA  
While focusing on further developing the USMX trade corridor, the priorities in the region will be to:

--- Page 550 ---
- 550 - 
 
Boost the execution of the Group's regional collaboration strategy, increasing its common value 
proposition and profitability, while it continues to leverage its global presence. 
 
Consolidate regional IT under a single leadership. 
 
Continue to reduce duplications in the operating model, platform and architecture. 
 
Optimize expenses, in part through third party cost optimisation. 
 
Continue to boost its remittance service to drive new customer acquisition.  
In the US, management will remain focused on improving profitability by: 
 
Digital and branch transformation initiatives to improve customer experience and the 
profitability of consumer banking business. 
 
Continuing to leverage the Group's auto finance capabilities and the interconnectivity of its CIB 
and Wealth Management businesses. 
 
Adapting the business strategy to mitigate revenue impact from lower rates. 
 
Cost management to continue improving efficiency. 
In Mexico, the Group developed a strategic agenda with the aim of becoming the best bank for its 
customers, with the following goals: 
 
To become the leading bank in terms of customer experience, leveraging new tools and process 
improvement. 
 
Make headway in its transformation, adapting to new customers' needs and habits arising from 
the pandemic. 
 
Maintain strong growth rates in loyal customers through initiatives to attract payrolls and high-
value collectives, as well as increase presence in high-potential businesses. 
 
Strengthen its corporate business to maintain its position as market leaders in value-added 
products. 
 
Accelerate technological transformation and digitalisation, by implementing a multi-year plan 
that will increase its capabilities to improve the operating model, IT performance and 
information security. 
SOUTH AMERICA  
The Group’s priorities in the region are to: 
 
Accelerate profitable growth, with a strategy that seeks to boost connectivity across South 
America through regional projects. 
 
Continue to progress in digital transformation through the development of digital platforms and 
a more efficient model. 
 
Maintain the strong growth of loyal and digital customers. 
 
Conduct strict risk controls regarding the impact of covid-19. 
Santander Brasil's management priorities for 2021 are to: 
 
Anticipate trends through its capacity to capture business opportunities in different potential 
scenarios.

--- Page 551 ---
- 551 - 
 
Increase its customer base maximising transactionality across its new businesses while it 
improves and redefines the banking experience. 
 
Grow the high credit quality portfolio, mainly in secured products, through the expansion of the 
core business and the consolidation of new businesses.  
 
Improve operational efficiency, enhancing the high productivity culture. 
 
Maintain profitability levels by adapting and innovating rapidly in the current environment. 
Santander Chile's strategy will focus on: 
 
Maintaining its leadership position in local banking in an increasingly dynamic economic 
environment. 
 
Continuing to progress in its technological developments in order to improve efficiency. 
 
The expansion of its digital platforms such as Life and Superdigital, improving its customer 
service indicators, and increasing the number of loyal and digital customers. 
In Argentina, the strategy will focus on: 
 
Increasing its customer base, and loyalty and ensuring the best customer service. 
 
Further developing new businesses. 
 
Continuing its process of efficiency and simplification through digital transformation. 
 
Boosting profitable growth, focusing on the transactional business and optimising the use of 
capital. 
In Uruguay, the priorities for 2021 are to: 
 
Continue to invest in technology and process automation to further improve efficiency. 
 
Accelerate digitalisation. 
 
Continue to increase the Group's presence and market share.  
 
Combine and coordinate the implementation of local and regional projects. 
In the Andean region, strategy will focus on: 
In Peru, increasing Corporate Finance's activity, continuing to boost advisory services in investment 
banking, corporate issuances and public infrastructures,and expanding the auto and consumer finance 
entity by widening its product range, improving distribution channels and diversifying funding sources 
while it maintains customer satisfaction. 
In Colombia, implementing different regional initiatives such as Cockpit and Pioneer, in line with the 
strategy of One Santander. Launch of Prospera and Superdigital 
DIGITAL CONSUMER BANK 
The main priorities for 2021 are to:  
 
Secure leadership by focusing on growth and transformation to achieve the Group's aim of 
building a global digital consumer lending business: 
 
Strengthen Auto leadership and gain leadership in consumer lending, by leveraging the global 
insurance model and expanding into new markets.

--- Page 552 ---
- 552 - 
 
Transformation driven by simplification, redefinition of its distribution model, streamlining IT 
(leveraging Openbank’s platform) and increased automatisation.  
 
Help its partners with digitalisation and transformation, proactively manage brand agreements 
and develop digital projects in all business lines.  
 
Execute the strategic operations initiated in 2020 (Sixt Leasing in Auto, the joint consumer 
finance operation with Telecom Italia Mobile and Openbank expansion to Argentina) to 
maintain high profitability and best-in-class efficiency.  
 
Accelerate combined business digitalisation to drive sustainable long-term growth, especially 
following a sustained period of rapid growth in digital channel use during the pandemic. 
 
Define and begin executing the path to convert creditors into full customers taking advantage 
of SCF’s lead generation power and Openbank’s digital retail banking platform. 
SECONDARY SEGMENTS 
SCIB 
In 2021, SCIB will continue to focus on: 
 
Expanding its content and product offerings to continue to become its clients' strategic advisors, 
while accelerating the digitalisation of its businesses. 
 
Developing a powerful ESG platform to support its clients in their transition towards more 
sustainable business models.  
 
Creating a pan-European platform with the aim of becoming the benchmark wholesale bank in 
the region and offering a more differentiated service to its clients. 
 
Accelerating business growth in the US under a robust control environment by exploring new 
business opportunities. 
 
Consolidate its leadership position in South America, strengthening its franchises in Peru and 
Colombia. 
WM&I 
In 2021, the key management drivers will be: 
 
In Private Banking, WM&I wants to continue to strengthen the leadership of its global platform 
All Access, following the 34% increase in cross-country volumes in 2020. To this end, it will 
complete its value proposition in all Private Banking countries, particularly in advisory services, 
alternative products and the Future Wealth investment platform, its joint initiative with SAM. 
It will also continue to drive Private Wealth, its business for high net worth clients. 
 
In Santander Asset Management, it will continue to develop value-added products through its 
global and open product platform, also boosting the institutional business and strengthening its 
alternative product offering. It will continue with Santander GO's open architecture strategy, 
which has already reached more than EUR 2 billion, and once its ESG strategy has been 
developed, it will continue to promote the sustainable range in which it is experiencing very 
significant demand. On the other hand, it will continue to expand its GMAS systematic 
investment team and consolidate its presence in two hubs, one in Europe and the other in Latin 
America.  
 
In insurance, WM&I has the opportunity to continue to increase penetration in its customer 
base. With 20 million clients and around 30 million insurance policies, it believes it has high 
growth potential in non-credit related business, such as auto, SMEs, as well as more traditional 
segments. In pensions, it has also made headway in several countries, where macroeconomic 
trends foresee significant growth.

--- Page 553 ---
- 553 - 
 
The digital transformation of its business, with investments in digital platforms and 
developments such as online and mobile private banking. 
PagoNxt 
In 2021, PagoNxt will expand its product offering and global platforms, leveraging the Group's scale and 
reaching out to new customers. The main priorities by business are as follows: 
 
In global merchant solutions, Getnet will focus on enhancing the Group's global acquiring 
platform, leveraging the Wirecard asset acquisition, and on expanding the platform into new 
countries in Latin America and Europe. 
 
In global trade solutions, the priorities are to connect the OneTrade platform to serve additional 
Santander customers covering the Group's entire footprint, deploy new core functionalities on 
a quarterly basis, and reach customers beyond the Group's current base. 
 
In global consumer solutions, Superdigital will continue to promote financial inclusion, 
focusing on rolling out the global multi-country platform in all the Group's footprint in Latin 
America, and launching additional banking services on the platform. Pago FX will continue to 
improve its simple, low cost and secure international payment solution, rolling it out in new 
countries.  
7.1 
A description of: (a) any material adverse change in the prospects of the guarantor since the date of 
its last published audited financial statements; (b) any significant change in the financial performance 
of the group since the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been 
published to the date of the Base Prospectus. If neither of the above are applicable then the guarantor 
shall include an appropriate statement to the effect that no such changes exist. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor and there has been no 
significant change in the financial performance of the Santander Group since 31 March 2021. 
7.2 
Information on any known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably 
likely to have a material effect on the guarantor's prospects for at least the current financial year. 
The global financial services sector is likely to remain competitive with a large number of financial 
service providers and alternative distribution channels. Additionally, consolidation in the sector (through 
mergers, acquisitions or alliances) is likely to occur as other major banks look to increase their market 
share, combine complementary businesses or strengthen their balance sheets. In addition, regulatory 
changes will take place in the future that the Group expects will increase the overall level of regulation 
in the markets. 
The following are the most important trends, uncertainties and events that are reasonably likely to have 
a material adverse effect on the Group or that would cause the disclosed financial information not to be 
indicative of its future operating results or our financial condition: 
Economic and Industry Conditions 
 
general economic or industry conditions in Spain, the UK, the U.S., other European countries, 
Brazil, other Latin American countries and the other areas where the Group has significant 
operations or investments; 
 
effects of the covid-19 pandemic in the global economy; 
 
exposure to various market risks, principally including interest rate risk, foreign exchange rate 
risk, equity price risk and risks associated with the replacement of benchmark indices; 
 
a worsening of the economic environment in Spain, the UK, the U.S., other European countries, 
Brazil, other Latin American countries and the other areas where it has significant operations or 
investments, and increase of the volatility in the capital markets; 
 
the effects of a decline in real estate prices, particularly in Spain and the UK;

--- Page 554 ---
- 554 - 
 
the effects of results of UK political developments, including the UK’s exit from the European 
Union; 
 
monetary and interest rate policies of the ECB and various central banks; 
 
inflation or deflation; 
 
the effects of non-linear market behaviour that cannot be captured by linear statistical models, 
such as the VaR model the Group uses; 
 
changes in competition and pricing environments; 
 
the inability to hedge some risks economically; 
 
changes in demographics, consumer spending, investment or saving habits; 
 
potential losses from early repayments on its loan and investment portfolio, declines in value of 
collateral securing its loan portfolio, and counterparty risk; and 
 
changes in competition and pricing environments as a result of the progressive adoption of the 
internet for conducting financial services and/or other factors. 
Political and Governmental Factors 
 
political stability in Spain, the UK, the U.S., other European countries, Brazil, other Latin 
American countries and the other areas where the Group has significant operations or 
investments; 
 
changes in Spanish, UK, EU, U.S., Latin American, or other jurisdictions’ legislation, 
regulations or taxes, including changes in regulatory capital and liquidity requirements, 
especially in view of the UK exit of the EU; and 
 
increased regulation in response to financial crises. 
Transaction and Commercial Factors 
 
damage to the Group's reputation; 
 
acquisitions or restructurings of businesses that may not perform in accordance with the Group's 
expectations and its ability to integrate successfully its acquisitions and related challenges that 
result from the inherent diversion of management’s focus and resources from other strategic 
opportunities and operational matters; and 
 
the outcome of its negotiations with business partners and governments. 
Operating Factors 
 
the adequacy of loss reserves; 
 
potential losses associated with an increase in the level of impairment by counterparties to other 
types of financial instruments; 
 
technical difficulties and/or failure to improve or upgrade the Group's information technology; 
 
changes in the Group's access to liquidity and funding on acceptable terms, including as a result 
of credit spread shifts or downgrades in its credit ratings or those of its more significant 
subsidiaries; 
 
its exposure to operational losses (e.g., failed internal or external processes, people and 
systems);

--- Page 555 ---
- 555 - 
 
changes in its ability to recruit, retain and develop appropriate senior management and skilled 
personnel; 
 
the occurrence of force majeure, such as natural disasters, epidemics and pandemics, including 
the covid-19 pandemic, that impact its operations or impair the asset quality of its loan portfolio;  
 
the impact of changes in the composition of the Group's balance sheet on future interest income 
/ (charges); and 
 
potential losses associated with cyber-attacks. 
8. 
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES 
8.1 
If a guarantor chooses to include a profit forecast or a profit estimate (which is still outstanding and 
valid), such forecast or estimate must contain the information items 8.] and 8.3. 
The Guarantor has not included a profit forecast or profit estimate in this Base Prospectus. 
8.2 
The profit forecast or estimate shall be clear and unambiguous and contain a statement setting out 
the principal assumptions upon which the guarantor has based its forecast, or estimate. The forecast 
or estimate shall comply with the following principles: (a) there must be a clear distinction between 
assumptions about factors which the members of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies can influence and assumptions about factors which are exclusively outside the influence of the 
members of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies; (b) the assumptions must be 
reasonable, readily understandable by investors, specific and precise and not relate to the general 
accuracy of the estimates underlying the forecast; and (c) in the case of a forecast, the assumptions 
shall draw the investor's attention to those uncertain factors which could materially change the 
outcome of the forecast. 
Not applicable. 
8.3 
The Base Prospectus shall include a statement that the profit forecast or estimate has been compiled 
and prepared on a basis which is both: (a) comparable with the historical financial information; and 
(b) consistent with the guarantor’s accounting policies. 
Not applicable. 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions in the guarantor of the following persons, and an indication 
of the principal activities performed by them outside the guarantor where these are significant with 
respect to the guarantor:  
(a) 
members of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies; and 
(b) 
partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a limited partnership with a share capital. 
The Bylaws of the Guarantor (Article 41) provide that the maximum number of Directors is 17 and the 
minimum number 12. 
The Board of Directors of the Guarantor is presently made up of 15 directors.

--- Page 556 ---
- 556 - 
The following table displays the composition, position and structure of the Board of Directors and its Committees. 
For this sole purpose, the business address of each of the persons listed below is: Ciudad Grupo Santander, Avenida de Cantabria s/n, 28660 Boadilla del Monte, 
Board of directors 
Category 
Date of first 
appointment 
Executive 
committee 
Audit 
committee 
Nomination 
committee 
Remuneration 
committee 
Risk 
supervision, 
regulation and 
compliance 
committee 
Responsible 
banking, 
sustainability 
and culture 
committee 
Innovation 
and 
technology 
committee 
Executive chairman 
Ana Botín-Sanz de Sautuola y O’Shea 
Executive 
04.02.19891 
(C) 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
Vice-chairman and CEO 
José Antonio Álvarez Álvarez 
Executive 
13.01.20152 
• 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
Vice-chairman 
Bruce Carnegie-Brown 
Independent 
12.02.20153 
• 
 
(C) 
(C) 
 
 
• 
Members 
Homaira Akbari 
Independent 
27.09.20164 
 
• 
 
 
 
 
• 
Javier Botín-Sanz de Sautuola y 
O´Shea 
External 
25.07.20045 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Álvaro Antonio Cardoso de Souza 
Independent 
01.04.20186 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
R. Martín Chávez Márquez 
Independent 
27.10.2020 
 
 
• 
• 
• 
 
(C) 
Sol Daurella Comadrán 
Independent 
18.02.20157 
 
 
• 
• 
 
 
 
Henrique de Castro 
Independent 
17.07.2019 
 
• 
 
• 
 
 
• 
Gina Díez Barroso 
Independent 
22.12.2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Luis Isasi Fernández de Bobadilla 
External 
19.05.2020 
• 
 
 
• 
• 
 
 
Ramiro Mato García-Ansorena 
Independent 
28.11.20178 
• 
• 
 
 
• 
(C) 
 
Sergio Rial 
Executive 
30.05.2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Belén Romana García 
Independent 
22.12.20159 
• 
• 
 
 
(C) 
• 
• 
Pamela Ann Walkden 
Independent 29.10.201910 
 
(C) 
 
 
• 
 
 
General secretary and secretary of the board 
Jaime Pérez Renovales 
  
01.09.2015 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
C: Chairman of the committee 
1. Date of re-election: 10.06.1991, 09.05.1994, 12.05.1997, 06.03.1999, 04.03.2000, 21.06.2003, 17.06.2006, 17.06.2011, 28.03.2014, 07.04.2017 and 03.04.2020. 
2. Date of re-election: 07.04.2017 and 12.04.2019. 
3. Date of re-election: 18.03.2016, 12.04.2019 and 26.03.2021. 
4. Date of re-election: 23.03.2018 and 26.03.2021. 
5. Date of re-election: 18.06.2005, 11.06.2010, 22.03.2013, 18.03.2016, 12.04.2019 and 26.03.202.1 
6. Date of re-election: 26.03.2021. 
7. Date of re-election: 18.03.2016, 23.03.2018 and 03.04.2020. 
8. Date of re-election: 12.04.2019 and 26.03.2021. 
9. Date of re-election: 07.04.2017 and 12.04.2019. 
10. Date of re-election: 03.04.2020.

--- Page 557 ---
- 557 - 
Principal Activities Outside the Guarantor 
At the date of this document, the current directors of the Guarantor at the date hereof carry out among others the 
following functions in other listed companies: 
Name or corporate name of 
Director 
Name of listed company 
Position 
Ms. Ana Botín-Sanz de Sautuola 
y O'Shea 
The Coca-Cola Company 
Non-executive director  
Ms. Homaira Akbari  
Landstar System, Inc.Temenos, AG. 
 
 
Non-executive director Non-
executive director 
 
Ms. Sol Daurella Comadrán  
Coca-Cola European Partners Plc 
Non-executive chairman 
Mr. Henrique de Castro 
Fiserv Inc. 
Target Corporation 
Non-executive director 
Non-executive director 
Mr. Luis Isasi Fernández de 
Bobadilla 
Compañía de Distribución Integral 
Logista Holdings, S.A. 
Non-executive director 
Mr. Sergio Rial  
Delta Airlines Inc. 
Non-executive director 
Ms. Belén Romana García 
Aviva plc. 
Bolsas y Mercados Españoles, Sociedad 
Holding de Mercados y Sistemas 
Financieros, S.A. 
Six Group AG (SIX) 
Non-executive director 
Non-executive director 
 
Non-executive director 
 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between any duties owed to the Guarantor by the directors 
and their private interests and/or other duties. 
9.2 
Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies conflicts of interests. Potential conflicts of 
interests between any duties to the issuing entity of the persons referred to in item 10.1 and their private 
interests and or other duties must be clearly stated. In the event that there are no such conflicts, make 
a statement to that effect. 
None of the members of the Board of Directors or persons related to them perform, as independent 
professionals or as employees, activities that involve effective competition, be it present or potential, 
with the activities of Banco Santander, S.A., or that, in any other way, place the directors in an ongoing 
conflict with the interests of Banco Santander, S.A.  
Without prejudice to the foregoing, following is a detail of the declarations by the directors with respect 
to their equity interests in companies not related to the Group whose object is banking, financing or 
lending; and of the management or governing functions, if any, that the directors discharge thereat. 
With regard to situations of conflict of interest, as stipulated in Article 36.1.b.vi of the Rules and 
Regulations of the Board, the directors must notify the board of any direct or indirect conflict with the 
interests of the Bank in which they or persons related thereto may be involved. The director involved 
shall refrain from taking part in discussions or voting on any resolutions or decisions in which the director 
or any persons related thereto may have a conflict of interest.  
Also, under Article 40 of the Rules and Regulations of the Board, following a favourable report by the 
audit committee, the board must authorise the transactions which the Bank performs with directors 
(unless the power to approve them is vested by law in the general meeting), excluding the transactions 
indicated in Article 40.2.

--- Page 558 ---
- 558 - 
Accordingly, the related party transactions performed during the year met the conditions established in 
the Rules and Regulations of the Board not to require authorisation of the governing bodies, or obtained 
such authorisation, following a favourable report by the audit committee, after confirming that the 
consideration and the other conditions agreed upon were within market parameters.  
In addition in 2020, no director reported having any conflict of interest with the Group, despite abstaining 
on 43 occasions from deliberations and votes on matters at board and committee meetings. The 
breakdown of these is as follows: on 20 occasions, directors abstained owing to proposals to appoint, re-
elect or remove directors, or appoint them to board committees or to the boards of Grupo Santander 
companies. On 10 occasions, the matter under consideration related to remuneration, loans or credits and 
on 1 occasion, the matter was a risk transaction between Banco Santander and a company related to a 
director. Lastly, on 12 occasions, directors abstained in respect of the annual verification of their status 
and suitability, which, pursuant to Article 6.3 of the Rules and Regulations of the Board, was performed 
by the Nomination committee. 
10. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
10.1 
To the extent known to the guarantor, state whether the guarantor is directly or indirectly owned or 
controlled and by whom, and describe the nature of such control, and describe the measures in place 
to ensure that such control is not abused. 
At 31 December 2020, 1.05%% of the Bank's share capital was held by members of the board of directors. 
The Bank is not aware of any person which exerts or may exert control over the Bank within the terms 
of Article 5 of the Royal Legislative Decree Law 4/2015, of 23 October, for the approval of the 
consolidated text of the Securities Market Law). 
The Bank is not aware of any arrangements, the operation of which may, at a date subsequent to that of 
the date hereof, result in a change in control of the Guarantor. 
10.2 
A description of any arrangements, known to the guarantor, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change in control of the guarantor. 
The Bank is not aware of any arrangements the operation of which may at a date subsequent to that of 
the date hereof result in a change in control of the Guarantor. 
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE GUARANTOR'S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
(Note item 11.1.1 below encompasses items 11.1.1 to 11.1.5)  
11.1.1 
Audited historical financial information prepared according to International Financial Reporting 
Standards covering the latest two financial years and the audit report in respect of each year. If the 
guarantor has changed its accounting reference date during the period for which historical financial 
information is required, the audited historical financial information shall cover at least 24 months, or 
the entire period for which the guarantor has been in operation, whichever is shorter.  
The last audited historical financial information, containing comparative information for the previous 
year, must be presented and prepared in a form consistent with the accounting standards framework 
that will be adopted in the guarantor’s next published annual financial statements. Changes within 
the issuer’s existing accounting framework do not require the audited financial statements to be 
restated. However, if the guarantor intends to adopt a new accounting standards framework in its next 
published financial statements, the latest year of financial statements must be prepared and audited 
in line with the new framework. 
Where the audited financial information is prepared according to national accounting standards, the 
financial information required under this heading must include at least the following:  
(a) 
the balance sheet;

--- Page 559 ---
- 559 - 
(b) 
the income statement;  
(c) 
the cash flow statement;  
(d) 
the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
 
Unaudited Condensed Balance Sheet and Income 
Statement (million euro)  
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
    Variation (%)  
Total assets  
1,508,250 
1,552,695 
(0.9) 
Net customer loans  
916,199 
942,218 
(2.8) 
Customer deposits  
849,310 
824,365 
3.0 
Shareholders' equity  
114,620 
124,239 
(7.7) 
Net interest income  
31,994 
35,283 
(9.3) 
Gross income  
44,279 
49,229 
(10.1) 
Profit before tax  
(2,076) 
12,543 
- 
Profit for the year from continuing operations  
(7,708) 
8,116 
- 
Profit attributable to the Parent  
(8,771) 
6,515 
- 
 
11.1.6 
Financial statements: If the guarantor prepares both own and consolidated financial statements, 
include at least the consolidated financial statements in this Base Prospectus. 
The Guarantor prepares audited consolidated annual financial statements under the IFRS-EU and non-
consolidated annual financial statements under Spanish Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
(GAAP), the English translations of the audited consolidated annual financial statements for the years 
ended 2019 and 2020 are incorporated by reference under paragraph (1) of "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference". 
The consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor for the 2020 and 
2019 financial years were audited by the independent audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. 
There are no qualifications of the auditors in relation to the individual and consolidated annual financial 
statements of the Guarantor for the 2020 and 2019 financial years. 
The Guarantor also prepares condensed consolidated interim financial statements. The unaudited 
condensed consolidated interim Income Statement and Balance Sheet of the Guarantor as at and for the 
three months ended 31 March 2021 have been incorporated by reference under paragraph (2) of 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference". Such financial statements were extracted from the internal 
accounting records of the Guarantor. 
11.1.7 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial information may not be older than 18 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The date of the most recent annual consolidated audited financial information of the Bank is 31 December 
2020. 
11.2 
Interim and other financial information. 
11.2.1 
If the guarantor has published quarterly or half yearly financial information since the date of its last 
audited financial statements, these must be included in this Base Prospectus. If the quarterly or half 
yearly financial information has been reviewed or audited, the audit or review report must also be 
included. If the quarterly or half yearly financial information is unaudited or has not been reviewed, 
state that fact. 
If this Base Prospectus is dated more than nine months after the end of the last audited financial year, 
it must contain interim financial information, covering at least the first six months of the financial 
year. If the interim financial information is unaudited, state that fact.

--- Page 560 ---
- 560 - 
The interim financial information must include comparative statements for the same period in the 
prior financial year, except that the requirement for comparative balance sheet information may be 
satisfied by presenting the years-end balance sheet. 
See paragraph (2) of "Documents Incorporated by Reference" above. 
The Base Prospectus is dated less than nine months after the end of the last audited financial year. 
11.3 
Auditing of historical annual financial information. 
11.3.1 
The historical annual financial information must be independently audited. The audit report shall be 
prepared in accordance with the Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. Where 
Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 do not apply:  
(a) 
the historical financial information must be audited or reported on as to whether or not, for 
the purposes of the base prospectus, it gives a true and fair view in accordance with auditing 
standards applicable in a Member State (which for these purposes, includes the United 
Kingdom) or an equivalent standard. 
(b) 
if audit reports on the historical financial information contain qualifications, modifications 
of opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of matter, such qualifications, modifications, 
disclaimers or emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full and the reasons given. 
The individual and consolidated annual financial statements of Banco Santander, S.A. for the 2019 and 
2020 financial years were audited by the independent audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, 
S.L.. 
There are no qualifications of the auditors in relation to the individual and consolidated 2019 and 2020 
annual Financial Statements referred to above. 
11.3.2 
An indication of other information relating to the guarantor in this Base Prospectus which has not 
been audited by the auditors. 
The information contained in "Business Overview" above is not audited and was obtained from the 
internal accounting records and management records of the Guarantor. 
The Guarantor considers the following metrics to constitute Alternative Performance Measures as 
defined in the ESMA Guidelines introduced on 3 July 2016 ("ESMA Guidelines") on Alternative 
Performance Measures, that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS-EU. 
The Guarantor considers that these metrics provide useful information for investors, securities analysts 
and other interested parties in order to better understand the Group's business, financial position, 
profitability, results of operations, the quality of its loan portfolio, the amount of equity per share and 
their progression over time. 
Such measures should, however, not be considered as a substitute to profit or loss attributable to the 
Group or any other performance measures derived in accordance with IFRS-EU or as an alternative to 
cash flow from operating, investing and financing activities as a measure of the Group's liquidity. 
Other companies in the industry may calculate similarly titled measures differently, such that disclosure 
of similarly titled measures by other companies may not be comparable with that of the Issuer and the 
Group. Investors are advised to review these alternative performance measures in conjunction with the 
Group's audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes which are incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Terms relating to profitability and return on investment measure the ratio of results on capital, assets and 
risk-weighted assets in accordance with the definitions set out in the table below. The efficiency ratio 
makes it possible to measure the amount of general administrative expenses (personnel and others) and 
amortisation expenses necessary to generate income.

--- Page 561 ---
- 561 - 
Terms relating to the non-performance of loans measure the quality of the loan portfolio and the 
percentage of the non-performing portfolio that is covered by provisions for defaults, in accordance with 
the definitions set out in the table below. 
 
Ratio 
 
Formula 
 
Relevance of the metric 
 
 
 
 
 
NPL ratio 
 
 
 
 
(Non-performing 
loans ratio) 
 
Non-performing loans and advances 
to customers, customer guarantees 
and customer commitments granted 
 
The NPL ratio is an important variable 
regarding financial institutions' activity 
since it gives an indication of the level of risk 
the entities are exposed to. It calculates risks 
that are, in accounting terms, declared to be 
non-performing as a percentage of the total 
outstanding amount of customer credit and 
contingent liabilities. 
 
 
Total RiskA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Coverage ratio 
 
Provisions to cover impairment losses 
on loans and advances to customers, 
customer guarantees and customer 
commitments granted 
 
The coverage ratio is a fundamental metric 
in the financial sector. It reflects the level of 
provisions as a percentage of the non-
performing assets (credit risk). Therefore it 
is a good indicator of the entity's solvency 
against client defaults both present and 
future. 
 
 
Non-performing loans and advances 
to customers, customer guarantees 
and customer commitments granted 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cost of Credit 
 
Allowances for loan-loss provisions 
over the last 12 months 
 
This ratio quantifies loan-loss provisions 
arising from credit risk over a defined period 
of time for a given loan portfolio. As such, it 
acts as an indicator of credit quality. 
 
 
Average loans and advances to 
customers 
over the last 12 months 
 
 
A. Total risk = Total loans & advances and guarantees to customers (performing and non-performing) + non-
performing contingent liabilities.  
Credit risk (EUR million and %) 
2020 
2019 
2018 
NPL ratio 
3.21% 
3.32% 
3.73% 
Non-performing loans and advances to customers, customer guarantees and customer 
commitments granted 
31,767 
33,799 
35,692 
Total risk 
989,456 
1,016,507 
958,153 
Coverage ratio 
76% 
68% 
67% 
Provisions to cover impairment losses on loans and advances to customers, customer 
guarantees and customer commitments granted 
24,272 
22,965 
24,061 
Non-performing loans and advances to customers customer guarantees and customer 
commitments granted 
31,767 
33,799 
35,692 
Cost of credit 
1.28% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
Underlying allowances for loan-loss provisions over the last 12 months 
12,173 
9,321 
8,873 
Allowances for loan-loss provisions over the last 12 months 
12,431 
9,321 
8,873 
Net capital gains and provisions impact in allowances for loan-loss provisions 
-258 
— 
— 
Average loans and advances to customers 
952,358 
935,488 
887,028 
 
11.3.3 
Where financial data in this Base Prospectus is not extracted from the guarantor's audited financial 
statements, state the source of the data and state that the data is unaudited. 
Other than information extracted from the Guarantor's audited financial statements, no other information 
relating to the Guarantor in this Base Prospectus has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, 
S.L.

--- Page 562 ---
- 562 - 
The date of the most recent audited annual consolidated financial information of the Guarantor is 31 
December 2020. 
The audited consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for each of the 
years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 have been filed with the Spanish securities market 
regulator. 
11.4 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
11.4.1 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the guarantor is aware), during a period covering at least 
the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the 
guarantor and/or group's financial position or profitability, or provide an appropriate negative 
statement. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Guarantor is aware) which may have, or have had in the previous 12 
months, significant effects on the Guarantor and/or the Group's financial position or profitability. 
The following is a summary of certain legal proceedings affecting the Group: The Guarantor believes 
that it has made adequate reserves related to the costs anticipated to be incurred in connection with these 
and other legal proceedings and believes that liabilities related to such proceedings should not have a 
significant effect on the Guarantor and/or the Group's financial position or profitability. 
The Guarantor's general policy is to record provisions for tax and legal proceedings in which it assesses 
the chances of loss to be probable and it does not record provisions when the chances of loss are possible 
or remote. The Guarantor determines, on a case-by-case basis, amounts to be provided as its best estimate 
of the expenditure required to settle the corresponding claim based, among others, on the analysis and 
legal opinion of internal and external counsel or by considering the historical average amount of loss of 
such category of lawsuits. 
Wherever possible the proceedings listed below are quantified. However, in view of the inherent 
difficulty of predicting the outcome of contentious matters, the Bank is unable sometimes to 
quantify the potential loss or practical consequences if a judgment were ordered against it and 
accordingly no specific amount is attributed to such claims. 
Tax-related litigation 
At 31 March 2021 the main tax-related proceedings concerning the Group were as follows: 
̶ 
Legal actions filed by Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A. and other Group entities to avoid the 
application of Law 9.718/98, which modifies the basis to calculate PIS and COFINS social 
contribution, extending it to all the entities income, and not only to the income from the 
provision of services. In relation of Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A. process, in May 2015 the 
Federal Supreme Court (FSC) admitted the extraordinary appeal filed by the Federal Union 
regarding PIS, and dismissed the extraordinary appeal lodged by the Brazilian Public 
Prosecutor's Office regarding COFINS contribution, confirming the decision of Federal 
Regional Court favourable to Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A. of August 2017. The appeals filed 
by the other entities before de Federal Supreme Court, both for PIS and CONFINS, are still 
pending. These claims are fully provisioned. 
̶ 
Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A. and other Group companies in Brazil have appealed against the 
assessments issued by the Brazilian tax authorities questioning the deduction of loan losses in 
their income tax returns (IRPJ and CSLL) in relation to different administrative processes of 
various years on the ground that the requirements under the applicable legislation were not met. 
The appeals are pending decision in CARF. No provision was recognised in connection with 
the amount considered to be a contingent liability. 
̶ 
Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A. and other Group companies in Brazil are involved in 
administrative and legal proceedings against several municipalities that demand payment of the 
Service Tax on certain items of income from transactions not classified as provisions of services.

--- Page 563 ---
- 563 - 
There are several cases in different judicial instances.  A provision was recognised in connection 
with the amount of the estimated loss. 
̶ 
Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A. and other Group companies in Brazil are involved in 
administrative and legal proceedings against the tax authorities in connection with the taxation 
for social security purposes of certain items which are not considered to be employee 
remuneration. There are several cases in different judicial instances. A provision was recognised 
in connection with the amount of the estimated loss. 
̶ 
In May 2003 the Brazilian tax authorities issued separate infringement notices against Santander 
Distribuidora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliarios Ltda. (DTVM, currently Santander Brasil 
Tecnologia S.A.) and Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A. in relation to the Provisional Tax on 
Financial Movements (CPMF) of the years 2000, 2001 and part of 2002. In July 2015, after the 
unfavourable decision of CARF, both entities appealed at Federal Justice in a single proceeding. 
In June 2019 this action has been dismissed, and the resolution has been appealed to the higher 
cort. There is a provision recognised for the estimated loss. 
̶ 
In December 2010 the Brazilian tax authorities issued an infringement notice against Santander 
Seguros S.A. (Brazil), currently Zurich Santander Brasil Seguros e Previdência S.A., as the 
successor by merger to ABN AMRO Brasil dois Participações S.A., in relation to income tax 
(IRPJ and CSLL) for 2005, questioning the tax treatment applied to a sale of shares of Real 
Seguros, S.A. Actually it is appealed before the CARF. As the former parent of Santander 
Seguros S.A. (Brasil), Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A. is liable in the event of any adverse 
outcome of this proceeding. No provision was recognised in connection with this proceeding as 
it is considered to be a contingent liability. 
̶ 
In November 2014 the Brazilian tax authorities issued an infringement notice against Banco 
Santander (Brasil) S.A. in relation to corporate income tax (IRPJ and CSLL) for 2009 
questioning the tax-deductibility of the amortisation of the goodwill of Banco ABN AMRO 
Real S.A. performed prior to the absorption of this bank by Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A., but 
accepting the amortisation performed after the merger. Actually it is appealed before the Higher 
Chamber of CARF. No provision was recognised in connection with this proceeding as it was 
considered to be a contingent liability. 
̶ 
Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A. has also appealed against infringement notices issued by the tax 
authorities questioning the tax deductibility of the amortisation of the goodwill arising on the 
acquisition of Banco Comercial e de Investimento Sudameris S.A from years 2007 to 2012. No 
provision was recognised in connection with this matter as it was considered to be a contingent 
liability. 
̶ 
Banco Santander (Brazil) S.A. and other companies of the Group in Brazil are undergoing 
administrative and judicial procedures against Brazilian tax authorities for not admitting tax 
compensation with credits derived from other tax concepts, not having registered a provision 
for such amount since it is considered to be a contingent liability. 
̶ 
Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A. is involved in appeals in relation to infringement notices initiated 
by tax authorities regarding the offsetting of tax losses in the CSLL (‘Social Contribution on 
Net Income’) of year 2009. The appeal is pending decision in CARF. No provision was 
recognised in connection with this matter as it is considered to be a contigent liability. 
The total amount for the aforementioned Brazil lawsuits related to tax legal obligations or with probable 
loss risk is approximately EUR 911 million, fully provisioned, and the total amount for tax litigation with 
possible loss risk is approximately EUR 3,113 million. 
̶ 
Legal action brought by Sovereign Bancorp, Inc. (currently Santander Holdings USA, Inc.) 
claiming its right to take a foreign tax credit for taxes paid outside the United States in fiscal 
years 2003 to 2005 as well as the related issuance and financing costs. On 17 July 2018, the 
District Court finally ruled against Santander Holdings USA, Inc. On September 5, 2019 the 
Federal Districk Court in Massachussests entered a stipulated judgement resolving the 
Company’s tax liability for fiscal years 2003 to 2005, which had no effect on income. The 
Company has agreed to resolve the treatment of the same transactions for 2006 and 2007,

--- Page 564 ---
- 564 - 
subject to review by the Concgressional Joint Committee on Taxation and final IRS approval, 
with no effect on income. 
̶ 
Banco Santander has appealed before European Courts the Decisions 2011/5/CE of 28 October 
2009, and 2011/282/UE of 12 January 2011 of the European Commission, ruling that the 
deduction regulated pursuant to Article 12.5 of the Corporate Income Tax Law constituted 
illegal State aid. On November 2018 the General Court confirmed these Decisions but these 
judgements have been appealed at the Court of justice of the European Union. The dismissal of 
this appeal would not have effect on equity. 
At the date of approval of these interim financial statements certain other less significant tax-related 
proceedings were also in progress. 
Non-Tax-related litigation 
At 31 March 2021, the main non-tax-related proceedings concerning the Group were as follows: 
̶ 
Payment Protection Insurance (PPI): claims associated with the sale by Santander UK 
plc of payment protection insurance or PPI to its customers. As of 31 March 2020, the 
remaining provision for PPI redress and related costs amounted to GBP 167 million 
(EUR 188 million) (2019: GBP 189 million (EUR 222 million)). There was no 
additional provision in the first quarter of 2020. 
Given the passing of the Financial Conduct Authority’s deadline of 29 August 2019 for PPI 
complaints, the level of judgment required by management in determining appropriate 
assumptions has reduced. At 31 March 2020, the key assumptions in calculating the provision 
were around the estimated PPI penetration of August complaints. 
The uphold rates are informed by historical experience and the average cost of redress can be 
predicted reasonably accurately given that management is dealing with a high volume and 
reasonably homogenous population. 
Cumulative complaints from the inception of the PPI complaints process to 31 March 2020, 
regardless of the likelihood of Santander UK incurring a liability, were 4.4m. This includes 
c.313,000 that were still being reviewed. Future expected complaints were c.8,000. In addition, 
there are legal claims being made by Claims Management Companies challenging the FCA's 
industry guidance on the treatment of Plevin/recurring non-disclosure assessments. 
The provision for conduct remediation recognised represents management’s best estimate of 
Santander UK’s liability in respect of mis-selling of PPI policies. 
̶ 
Delforca: dispute arising from equity swaps entered into by Gaesco (now Delforca 
2008, S.A.) on shares of Inmobiliaria Colonial, S.A. Banco Santander, S.A. is claiming 
to Delforca a total of EUR 66 million from the liquidation of the swaps. Mobiliaria 
Monesa, S.A. (Delforca’s parent company) has commenced a civil proceeding against 
the Bank claiming damages which, as of date have not been determined. The 
proceeding has been stayed because the jurisdiction of the Court has been challenged. 
Within insolvency proceedings before the Commercial Court, both Delforca and 
Mobiliaria Monesa have instigated a claim against the Bank seeking the recovery of 
EUR 56.8 million that the Bank received from the liquidation of the swap. The Bank 
has filed a claim against Delforca seeking the Bank's recognition of its right to receive 
the credit. At 31 March 2020, the risk is considered remote. The Bank has not 
recognised any provisions in this connection. 
̶ 
Former employees of Banco do Estado de São Paulo S.A., Santander Banespa, Cia. de 
Arrendamiento Mercantil: a claim was filed in 1998 by the association of retired 
Banespa employees (AFABESP) requesting the payment of a half-yearly bonus 
contemplated in the by-laws of Banespa in the event that Banespa obtained a profit and 
that the distribution of this profit were approved by the Board of Directors. The bonus 
was not paid in 1994 and 1995 since Banespa had not made a profit during those years. 
Partial payments were made from 1996 to 2000, as approved by the Board of Directors. 
The relevant clause was eliminated in 2001. The Regional Labor Court and the High

--- Page 565 ---
- 565 - 
Employment Court ordered Santander Brasil, as successor to Banespa, to pay this half-
yearly bonus for the period from 1996 to the present. On 20 March 2019, a decision 
from the Federal Court of Justice (Supremo Tribunal Federal, or “STF”) rejected the 
extraordinary appeal filed by Santander Brasil. A rescission action was brought to 
revert the decision in the main proceedings and suspend procedural enforcement. The 
external legal advisor of the Bank has classified the risk of loss as probable. The current 
court decision does not define a specific amount to be paid by the defendants (this 
would only be determined once a final decision is issued and the enforcement process 
has begun). 
̶ 
“Planos Económicos”: like the rest of the banking system in Brasil, Santander Brasil 
has been the target of customer complaints and collective civil suits stemming from 
legislative changes and its application to bank deposits, fundamentally ('economic 
plans'). At the end of 2017, there was an agreement between regulatory entities and the 
Brazilian Federation of Banks (Febraban), already approved by the Supremo Tribunal 
Federal, with the purpose of closing the lawsuits. Discussions focused on specifying 
the amount to be paid to each affected client according to the balance in their notebook 
at the time of the Plan. Finally, the total value of the payments will depend on the 
number of endorsements they have made and the number of savers who have 
demonstrated the existence of the account and its balance on the date the indexes were 
changed. In November 2018, the STF ordered the suspension of all economic plan 
processes for two years from May 2018.The provisions recorded for the economic plan 
processes are considered to be sufficient. 
̶ 
Floor clauses (“cláusulas suelo”): in consequence of the acquisition of Banco Popular 
Español, S.A.U, the Group has been exposed to a material number of transactions with 
floor clauses. The so-called "floor clauses" or minimum clauses are those under which 
the borrower accepts a minimum interest rate to be paid to the lender, regardless of the 
applicable reference interest rate. Banco Popular Español, S.A.U. included "floor 
clauses" in certain asset transactions with customers. In relation to this type of clauses, 
and after several rulings made by the Court of Justice of the European Union and the 
Spanish Supreme Court, and the extrajudicial process established by the Spanish Royal 
Decree-Law 1/2017, of 2 January, Banco Popular Español, S.A.U. made extraordinary 
provisions that were updated in order to cover the effect of the potential return of the 
excess interest charged for the application of the floor clauses between the contract 
date of the corresponding mortgage loans and May 2013. The Group considered that 
the maximum risk associated with the floor clauses applied in its contracts with 
consumers, in the most severe and not probable scenario, would amount to 
approximately EUR 900 million, as initially measured and without considering the 
returns performed. For this matter, after the purchase of Banco Popular Español, 
S.A.U., EUR 402 million provisions have been used by the Group (EUR 238 million 
in 2017, EUR 119 million in 2018 and EUR 45 million in 2019) mainly for refunds as 
a result of the extrajudicial process mentioned above. As of 31 March 2020, the amount 
of the Group's provisions in relation to this matter amounts to EUR 80 million (31 
December 2019: EUR 80 million). 
̶ 
Banco Popular´s acquisition: considering the declaration setting out the resolution of 
Banco Popular Español, S.A.U., the redemption and conversion of its capital 
instruments and the subsequent transfer to Banco Santander, S.A. of the shares 
resulting from this conversion in exercise of the resolution instrument involving the 
sale of the institution's business, in the application accordance with the single 
resolution framework regulation referred to in Note 3 of the 2018 consolidated annual 
accounts, some investors have filed claims against the EU’s Single Resolution Board 
decision, the FROB's resolution executed in accordance to the aforementioned 
decision, and claims have been filed and may be filed in the future against Banco 
Santander, S.A. or other Santander Group companies deriving from or related to the 
acquisition of Banco Popular Español, S.A.U. 
At this stage, it is not possible to foresee the total number of claims that could be filed by the 
former holders of shares and capital instruments (arising from the acquisition by investors of 
such shares and capital instruments of Banco Popular prior to resolution, including in particular,

--- Page 566 ---
- 566 - 
without limitation, the shares acquired in the context of the capital increase with pre-emptive 
subscription rights carried out in 2016), and their economic implications (especially considering 
that the decision to resolve in application of the new regulation has no precedent, and that it 
may be possible that future claims do not specify a specific amount, put forward new legal 
interpretations or involve a large number of parties). 
The estimated cost of any compensation to shareholders and bondholders of Banco Popular 
recognised in 2017 amounted to EUR 680 million, of which EUR 535 million were applied to 
the commercial loyalty program. The provisions recorded are considered sufficient to cover the 
risks associated with the court claims currently being dealt with. However, if additional amounts 
have to be paid for claims already raised with an undetermined economic interest or for new 
claims, this could have a significant adverse effect on the Santander Group's results and financial 
situation. 
Likewise, the Central Court of Instruction 4 is currently conducting preliminary proceedings 
42/2017, in which, amongst other things, is being investigated the following: (i) the accuracy of 
the prospectus for the capital increase with pre-emptive subscription rights carried out by Banco 
Popular in 2016; And (ii) the alleged manipulation of the share price of Banco Popular until the 
resolution of the bank, in June 2017. During the course of these proceedings, on 15 January 
2019, the Spanish National Court, applying article 130.2 of the Spanish Criminal Code, declared 
the Bank the sucessor entity to Banco Popular Español, S.A.U. (following the merger of the 
Bank and Banco Popular Español, S.A.U. on September 2018), and, as a result, determined that 
the Bank assumed the role of the party being investigated in the criminal proceeding. The 
decision was appealed and on 30 April 2019, the Spanish National Court ruled in favor of Banco 
Santander, S.A. declaring that Banco Santander, S.A. cannot inherit Banco Popular’s potential 
criminal liability. This ruling was appealed before the Supreme Court who have rejected the 
appeal. In this procedure, Banco Santander has the status of possible subsidiary civil liability. 
̶ 
German shares investigation: the Cologne Public Prosecution Office is conducting an 
investigation against the Bank, and other group entities based in UK - Santander UK 
plc, Abbey National Treasury Services plc and Cater Allen International Limited -, in 
relation to a particular type of tax dividend linked transactions known as cum-ex 
transactions. The Group is cooperating with the German authorities. According to the 
state of the investigations, the results and the effects for the Group, which may 
potentially include the imposition of financial penalties, cannot be anticipated. The 
Bank has not recognised any provisions in relation to the potential imposition of 
financial penalties. 
̶ 
Attorneys General Investigation of auto loan securitisation transactions and fair 
lending practices: in October 2014, May 2015, July 2015 and February 2017, 
Santander Consumer USA Inc. (SC) received subpoenas and/or Civil Investigative 
Demands (CIDs) from the Attorneys General of the U.S. states of California, Illinois, 
Oregon, New Jersey, Maryland and Washington under the authority of each state's 
consumer protection statutes. These states serve on behalf of a group of 33 state 
Attorneys General. The subpoenas and CIDs contained broad requests for information 
and the production of documents related to SC’s underwriting, securitisation, the 
recovery efforts servicing and collection of nonprime vehicle loans. SC responded to 
these requests within the deadlines specified and has otherwise cooperated with the 
Attorneys General with respect to this matter. The provisions recorded for this 
investigation are considered sufficient. 
̶ 
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) Puerto Rico Arbitrations: as of 
31 March 2020, Santander Securities LLC (SSLLC) had received 760 FINRA 
arbitration cases related to Puerto Rico Bonds issued by public and public related 
entities, as well as Puerto Rico closed-end funds (CEFs). The statements of claims 
allege, among other things, fraud, negligence, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of 
contract, unsuitability, over-concentration of the investments and failure to supervise. 
There were 339 arbitration cases that remained pending as of 31 March 2020. 
As a result of various legal, economic and market factors impacting or that could impact of the 
value Puerto Rico bonds and CEFs, it is possible that additional arbitration claims and/or

--- Page 567 ---
- 567 - 
increased claim amounts may be asserted against SSLLC in future periods. The provisions 
recorded for these matters are considered sufficient. 
̶ 
IRPH Index: a portion of our Spanish mortgage loan portfolio bears interest at a rate 
indexed to the “Índice de Referencia de Préstamos Hipotecarios” known as “IRPH” 
which, at the time the contracts were entered into, served as reference rate for many 
mortgage loan agreements in Spain and was published by the Bank of Spain. 
Consumers in Spain have brought lawsuits against most of the Spanish banking sector 
alleging that the use and related disclosures of such rate did not comply with the 
transparency requirements of European regulation. On 14 December 2017, the 
Supreme Court of Spain ruled that these clauses were valid, as the IRPH is an official 
rate and therefore non-subject to transparency requirements. The matter was referred 
to the Court of Justice of the European Union through a preliminary ruling procedure. 
On 3 March 2020 the CJUE rendered its decision. 
The CJUE ruled that, being the IRPH a valid index, national courts are entitled to examine its 
use on each particular contract in order to verify whether the transparency requirements have 
been met. When carrying out the transparency control, national courts have to take into account 
all the circumstances surrounding the conclusion of the particular contract, including whether 
essential information relating to the calculation of that rate was easily accessible and the 
provision of data relating to past fluctuations of the index. Finally, with regard to the effects of 
nullity of an IRPH index clause, the CJUE entitles national courts to substitute it with another 
statutory index, thus not declaring the nullity of the whole contact. 
The uncertainty regarding the effects of the CJUE judgment remain as it will be still for national 
courts to decide on a case by case basis whether the clause is abusive and the particular effects 
of such declaration. Therefore, it is not possible still to estimate the potential exposure. 
Currently, the balance of the relevant mortgage loans held by us equals approximately 
EUR 3.4 billion. 
̶ 
Banco Santander, S.A. has been sued in a legal proceeding in which the plaintiff alleges 
that a contract was concluded whereby he would be entrusted with the functions of 
CEO of the Bank. In the complaint, the claimant mainly requests a declaratory ruling 
that affirms the validity and conclusion of such contract and its enforcement together 
with the payment of certain amounts. If the main request is not granted, the claimant 
seeks compensation for a total amount of approximately EUR 112 million or, an 
alternative relief for other minor amounts. Banco Santander, S.A. has answered to the 
complaint. In this answer, it is stated that the conditions to which the appointment was 
subject to were not met and that the contract required by law was not concluded. The 
proceeding is ongoing. 
̶ 
CHF Polish Mortgage Loans: On 3 October 2019, the Court of Justice of the European 
Union (CJEU) rendered its decision in relation to a lawsuit against an unrelated bank 
in Poland, with regards to unfair contractual clauses in consumer agreements, 
specifically the consequences of potentially unfair contractual clauses in CHF-indexed 
loan agreements. The CJEU has left to Polish courts the decision on whether the whole 
contract can be maintained once the abusive terms have been removed, which should 
in turn decide whether the effects of the annulment of the contract are prejudicial to 
the consumer. In that case, the court may only integrate the contract with default 
provisions of national law and decide, in accordance with those provisions, on the 
applicable rate. 
As at 31 March 2020, the Group has a portfolio of mortgage loans denominated in, or indexed 
to, CHF of approximately PLN 10,598 million (EUR 2,355 million). 
In 2019 the Group (Santander Bank Polska and Santander Consumer Bank) in Poland created 
PLN 173 million (EUR 40.9 million) provision for CHF. This provision represents the best 
estimate to date given the difficulty to predict the financial impact, as, it is for national courts 
to decide the relevant issues.

--- Page 568 ---
- 568 - 
The Bank and the other Group companies are subject to claims and, therefore, are party to 
certain legal proceedings incidental to the normal course of their business including those in 
connection with lending activities, relationships with employees and other commercial or tax 
matters. 
With the information available to it, the Group considers that, at 31 March 2021, it had reliably 
estimated the obligations associated with each proceeding and had recognized, where necessary, 
sufficient provisions to cover reasonably any liabilities that may arise as a result of these tax 
and legal risks. Subject to the qualifications made, it also believes that any liability arising from 
such claims and proceedings will not have, overall, a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial position or results of operations.  
11.4.2 
Significant change in the guarantor's financial position: A description of any significant change in 
the financial position of the group which has occurred since the end of the last financial period for 
which either audited financial information or interim financial information have been published, or 
an appropriate negative statement. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Santander Group since 31 March 
2021 (being the date of the most recently published interim financial information of the Guarantor). 
12. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
12.1 
Share capital: The amount of the issued capital, the number and classes of the shares of which it is 
composed with details of their principal characteristics, the part of the issued capital still to be paid 
up, with an indication of the number, or total nominal value, and the type of the shares not yet fully 
paid up, broken down where applicable according to the extent to which they have been paid up. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor has a total share capital which is fully issued and 
paid up of €8,670,320,651 divided into 17,340,641,302 shares with a nominal value of €0.50. All shares 
are of the same class and issue with the same rights attached. 
12.2 
Memorandum and articles of association: The register and the entry number therein, if applicable, 
and a description of the guarantor's objects and purposes and where they can be found in the 
memorandum and articles of association. 
The Guarantor's corporate purpose is:  
(i) 
the conduct of activities and operations and the provision of services of any kind which are 
typical of the banking business in general and which are permitted under current law; and  
(ii) 
the acquisition, possession, enjoyment and dispositions of all types of securities, as set out at 
Article 2 of the Estatutos of Banco Santander, S.A. 
13. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
13.1 
A brief summary of all material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the 
guarantor's business, which could result in any group member being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the guarantor's ability to meet its obligation to security holders in respect 
of the securities being issued. 
Not applicable. 
14. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
14.1 
A statement that for the term of the Base Prospectus the following documents (or copies thereof), 
where applicable, may be inspected: 
(a) 
the up to date memorandum and articles of association of the guarantor; and 
(b) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and 
statements prepared by any expert at the guarantor's request any part of which is included or 
referred to in the base prospectus.

--- Page 569 ---
- 569 - 
An indication of the website on which the documents may be inspected. 
For the term of the Base Prospectus, the following documents may be inspected by electronic means: 
(i) 
the estatutos (Bylaws) of the Guarantor; and 
(ii) 
the information incorporated by reference herein under "Documents Incorporated by Reference" 
and under "The Description of the Guarantor – Financial Information Concerning the 
Guarantor's Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position and Profits and Losses". 
The documents listed in (i) and (ii) above shall be published in electronic form (pdf copies) on the website 
of Banco Santander (https://www.santander.com/en/shareholders-and-investors) and/or Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/p685%7C25377/documents). Each of the Final 
Terms shall be published in electronic form (pdf copies) on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(www.live.euronext.com).

--- Page 570 ---
- 570 - 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in a Dealer Agreement dated on or around 27 July 2021 (the "Dealer 
Agreement") between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger and the Dealers, the Notes will be offered on a 
continuous basis by the Issuer to the Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on 
its own behalf to other dealers. The Notes may be resold at any time, at prevailing market prices, or at prices 
related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the Dealers. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer 
through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in 
syndicated Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
Each of the Issuer, failing whom the Guarantor, has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in 
connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the 
Dealers or any of them by the Issuer or, in relation to itself and the Issuer only, by any Dealer, at any time on 
giving not less than ten business days' notice. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2, TEFRA D, unless TEFRA C is specified as applicable in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms: Rule 144A is eligible if so specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Book Entry Notes shall not be offered or sold in the United States. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, trading in the Notes 
and any Entitlement(s) has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission pursuant to the 
United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended and the Notes and any Entitlement(s) may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from, or not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. Prospective purchasers are 
hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144A of the Securities Act. The Notes will be subject to restrictions on resale and 
transfer. See "Transfer Restrictions". 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and 
regulations promulgated thereunder. 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an exemption from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, 
except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver such Notes (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes 
comprising the relevant Tranche, as certified to the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer by such Dealer (or, in the 
case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers as to the Notes 
of such Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer shall notify 
each such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, other than pursuant to Rule 144A and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which 
it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto, a confirmation or other notice setting for 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act 
(if available). 
Such Dealers as may be specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms may offer and sell Notes in 
accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("144A Resales") subject to compliance with all applicable 
United States selling restrictions.

--- Page 571 ---
- 571 - 
In connection with any such 144A resale, each such Dealer has represented, undertaken and agreed that it has 
taken or will take reasonable steps to ensure that the purchaser is aware that the Notes have not been and will not 
be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, 
that transfers of Notes are restricted as set forth herein and that the selling Dealer may rely upon the exemption 
provided by Rule 144A under the Securities Act. Please see "Transfer Restrictions".  
Each Series of Notes may also be subject to such further United States selling restrictions as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer may agree and as indicated in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
In relation to each Tranche of Notes, the Dealers subscribing for or purchasing such Notes have represented to 
and agreed with, or will represent to and agree with, the Issuer, the Guarantor and each other such Dealer (if any) 
that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or 
sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or, 
in the case of the Guarantor, would not apply to the Guarantor if it was not an authorised person; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Spain 
Other than as may be provided in the Applicable Transaction Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Applicable Transaction Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in Spain except that the requirements to make such 
an offer under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded) have been complied with. The Notes may 
not be offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in Spain without 
complying with all legal and regulatory requirements under Spanish securities laws.  
Except for the Notes cleared through Iberclear, the Notes may not be offered, sold or distributed, nor may the 
Notes be re-sold to Spanish tax-resident individuals. Any Notes cleared through Iberclear may be offered, sold, 
distributed or made available to Spanish retail investors upon compliance with all legal and regulatory 
requirements under Spanish securities laws. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Other than as may be provided in the Applicable Transaction Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the

--- Page 572 ---
- 572 - 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Applicable Transaction Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded, 
the "Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Where the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Applicable Transaction Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in any Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes 
to the public in a Member State: 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the Applicable Transaction Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in relation to the 
Notes specifies that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to Articles 1(4) and 3(2) 
of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified 
to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus which is not a 
Drawdown Prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Applicable Transaction Terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified in such applicable transaction or final terms, as applicable 
and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Articles 1(4) and 3(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any 
Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes and 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Other than as may be provided in the Applicable Transaction Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the

--- Page 573 ---
- 573 - 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Applicable Transaction Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Where the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
 
Principality of Andorra 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and any further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Notes may only be offered, sold or distributed in the Principality of Andorra 
("Andorra") in accordance with the requirements set forth by the laws of Andorra, in particular: Law 7/2013, 9, 
May, on the regime for the operating entities in the Andorran financial system and other provisions which govern 
the financial activities at the Principality of Andorra ("Law 7/2013") "Llei 7/2013, del 9 de maig, sobre el règim

--- Page 574 ---
- 574 - 
jurídic de les entitats operatives del sistema financer andorrà i altres disposicions que regulen l'exercici de les 
activitats financeres al Principat d'Andorra" and Law 8/2013, 9, May, on the organisational requirements and 
operating conditions of the operating entities in the Andorran financial system, the investor protection, the market 
abuse and financial securities agreements ("Law 8/2013") "Llei 8/2013, del 9 de maig sobre els requisits 
organitzatius i les condicions de funcionament de les entitats operatives del sistema financer, la protecció de 
l'inversor, l'abús de mercat i els acords de garantia financera", as well as or any other related regulations that 
may be in force from time to time, as further amended, supplemented or restated governing the issue, offer and 
sale of securities in Andorra. 
Accordingly, the Notes can only be publicly offered, marketed, promoted or negotiated in Andorra by locally 
licensed financial entities "entitats operatives del sistema financer andorrà". Dealers may offer or distribute 
exclusively the Notes to locally licensed financial entities authorised by the Andorran Financial Authority 
"Autoritat Financera Andorrana" in accordance with the laws of Andorra, or sell them to Andorran professional 
investors, as defined in Law 8/2013, as long as the selling of such securities is expressly solicited by such 
investors. 
Republic of Chile 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that neither the Issuer nor the Notes have been, and will not be registered at the Chilean 
Financial Market Commission (Comisión para el Mercado Financiero de Chile) ("CMF") pursuant to Law No. 
18,045 (Ley de Mercado de Valores) (the "Securities Market Law"), as amended, of the Republic of Chile and, 
accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any 
Notes within Chile or to, or for the account or benefit of persons in Chile except in circumstances which have not 
resulted and will not result in a public offering in Chile within the meaning of Article 4 of the Securities Market 
Law or if not offered pursuant to the safe-harbor contained in General Rule No. 336, as amended by General Rule 
No. 452, both issued by the CMF ("Rule 336"). 
Pursuant to Rule 336, Dealers may offer the Notes to prospective investors in Chile in accordance with the 
following requirements (all of which need to be satisfied by the specific offer):  
(a) 
The offer must comply with the obligations related to information and safeguards set forth in section 
III and IV of Rule 336. 
(b) 
The offer must not be carried out by means of Mass Media Broadcasting, as defined in Section II of 
Rule 336. 
(c) 
The offer must meet at least one of the following conditions: (i) it shall be directed to Qualified 
Investors as listed in numbers 1 through 6 of Section II of General Rule No. 216 issued by the CMF 
("Rule 216"); or (ii) it shall be directed to no more than 250 Qualified Investors as listed in numbers 7 
and 8 of Section II of Rule 216, through a single or several consecutive offers, within a 12 month 
period. For this purpose, 50 non-Qualified Investors may be included within such 250 addressees; or 
(iii) it shall be directed to a maximum of 50 non-Qualified Investors. However, this letter (c) shall not 
apply regarding offerings whose unit value is equal to or greater than 3,000 Unidades de Fomento 
(US$120,000 approximately). 
(d) 
According to Section IV of Rule 336, the Dealer shall be responsible for implementing the means and 
safeguards necessary to: (i) verify the identity of Qualified Investors and their status as such for which 
purpose the Dealer may obtain a declaration from the purchaser of the Notes as provided thereto; and 
(ii) comply with the conditions, limits and amounts, as applicable, set forth in Rule 336; and evidence 
the compliance of the obligations established in Rule 336 upon any requirement made by the CMF. 
(e) 
According to Section III of Rule 336, the Dealer must include the following highlighted disclaimer in 
any communication or material (whether in paper or electronic form, including without limitation the 
offering memorandum) in English or Spanish. 
The Issuer and the Notes will not be registered in the Registro de Valores Extranjeros (Foreign Securities Registry) 
maintained by the Comisión para el Mercado Financiero de Chile (Chilean Financial Market Commission or 
"CMF") and will not be subject to the supervision of the CMF. If such securities are offered within Chile, they 
will be offered and sold only pursuant to General Rule No. 336 of the CMF, an exemption to the registration 
requirements, or in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer of securities in Chile within the meaning 
of Article 4 of the Chilean Securities Market Law (Law No. 18,045). The commencement date of this offering is

--- Page 575 ---
- 575 - 
the one contained in the cover pages of this prospectus. The Issuer has no obligation to deliver public information 
in Chile. The Notes shall not be subject to public offering in Chile unless registered in the Foreign Securities 
Registry or exempt from registration in such registry in accordance with General Rule No. 352 of the CMF. 
As a result of the above restrictions, Purchasers of Notes in Chile are advised to consult legal counsel prior to 
making any Purchase, Offer, Sale, Resale or other Transfer of such Notes. 
Colombia 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will represent 
and agree, that the Notes have not and will not be marketed, offered, sold or distributed in Colombia or to 
Colombian residents except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer of securities in Colombia 
within the meaning of article 6.1.1.1.1 of Decree 2555 of 2010 as amended from time to time. Any offer of the 
Notes in Colombia will be addressed to less than one hundred specifically identified investors. The material in 
this Base Prospectus is for the sole and exclusive use of the addressee as a determined individual/entity and cannot 
be understood as addressed for the use of any third party, including any of such party's shareholders, administrators 
or employees, or by any other third party resident in Colombia. The information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is provided for illustrative purposes only and no representation or warranty is made as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained herein. Accordingly, Notes will not be publicly offered, marketed or 
negotiated in Colombia through promotional or advertisement activities (as defined under Colombian law) except 
in compliance with the requirements of the Colombian Financial and Securities Market Regulation (Decree 2555 
of 2010, Law 964 of 2005 and Organic Statute of the Financial System) as amended and restated, and decrees and 
regulations made thereunder. The Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes listed in the Base Prospectus have not 
been registered in the National Securities and Issuers Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) of the 
Colombian Financial Superintendence (Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia) or with any Colombian 
securities exchange or trading system, and therefore it is not intended for any public offer of the Notes in 
Colombia.  
Investors acknowledge the Colombian laws and regulations (specifically foreign exchange and tax regulations) 
applicable to any transaction or investment consummated in connection with this Base Prospectus and represent 
that they are the sole liable party for full compliance with any such laws and regulations.  
Investors represent that investment in the Notes is a permitted investment for them under their corporate bylaws 
and/or particular investment regime that may be applicable. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in force 
regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of the Base Prospectus 
or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Germany 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and any further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold, distributed or publicly promoted 
or advertised by it in the Federal Republic of Germany other than in compliance with the provisions of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz), each as amended, or 
any other laws applicable from time to time in the Federal Republic of Germany governing the issue, offering, 
sale and distribution of securities. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes, 
except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO"), other than: (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the 
SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous

--- Page 576 ---
- 576 - 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an 
offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made 
under the SFO. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will represent 
and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with 
the provisions of the European Communities (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended) (the "MiFID II Regulations") or any codes of conduct issued in connection therewith, and 
the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with 
the provisions of the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made 
under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended); 
(c) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the Notes 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129/EU–Prospectus 
Regulation (PD3), the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (S.I. No. 380/2019), and any 
rules and guidelines issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 by the Central Bank of 
Ireland (the "Central Bank"); 
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Notes otherwise 
than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulations (EU 596/2014) ("MAR"), the 
Market Abuse Directive on criminal sanctions for market abuse (Directive 2014/57/EU or CSMAD or 
MAD II), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016, as amended ("2016 Regulations") 
and any rules and guidelines issued under Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 by the Central 
Bank; and  
(e) 
no Notes will be offered or sold with a maturity of less than twelve months except in full compliance 
with Central Bank Notice BSD C 01/02 (as may be amended, replaced or updated from time to time), 
and will assist the Issuer in complying with its obligations thereunder. 
Republic of Italy 
Unless specified in the relevant Final Terms that a non-exempt offer may be made in Italy, the offering of the 
Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, 
sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus (including the applicable Final Terms) or of any other 
document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
1129 of 14 June 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and any applicable provision of Italian laws and 
regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended 
from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus (including the applicable 
Final Terms) or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as

--- Page 577 ---
- 577 - 
amended (the "Financial Services Act"), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as 
amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the 
"Banking Act"); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian authority. 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, to the extent it is applicable 
where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies under (i) and (ii) above, Notes which are initially 
offered and placed in Italy or abroad to qualified investors only but in the following year are regularly 
(“sistematicamente”) distributed on the secondary market in Italy become subject to the public offer and the 
prospectus requirement rules provided under the Prospectus Regulation, the Financial Services Act and 
Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null 
and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered 
by the investors. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Law No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and 
any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Korea 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea for public 
offering in Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act (the "FSCMA"). The Notes 
may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any person for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident of Korea, as defined in the Foreign Exchange Transaction 
Law (the "FETL") except pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of Korea, including the FSCMA and 
the FETL and the decrees and regulations thereunder. Where the Notes are derivative-linked securities for the 
purpose of the FSCMA, the Notes do not satisfy the eligibility requirements to be issued in Korea or to any resident 
of Korea in reliance of the exemption from the licensing requirements for the issuance of the derivative-linked 
securities under the FSCMA and, accordingly, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, 
or offered or sold to any person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident of Korea. 
Peru 
The Notes and the information contained in this offering memorandum has not been and will not be registered or 
approved by the Peruvian Securities Market Superintendency (Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores) or 
"SMV" and by the Lima Stock Exchange (Bolsa de Valores de Lima) or "BVL". Accordingly, the Notes cannot be 
offered or sold in Peru, except if (i) the Notes were previously registered with the SMV, or (ii) such offering is 
considered a private offering under the securities laws and regulations of Peru. The Peruvian securities laws 
provides, among other things, that an offer directed exclusively to institutional investors (as defined by Peruvian 
law) qualifies as a private offering. In making and investment decision, institutional investors (as defined by 
Peruvian law) must rely in their own examination of the terms of the offering of the Notes to determine their ability 
to invest in the Notes. No offer or invitation to subscribe for or sell the Notes or beneficial interests therein can be 
made in the Republic of Peru, except in compliance with the securities laws thereof. 
Poland 
The Base Prospectus has not been subject to the approval of the Polish Financial Supervisory Authority or any 
other competent Polish authority. Accordingly, Notes cannot be offered or sold in the Republic of Poland 
("Poland") by way of a Public Offer (as defined below) and/or be admitted to a regulated market in Poland (the 
"Polish Admission"), unless (i) such Public Offer and/or the Polish Admission is/are exempted from the 
obligation to produce a prospectus provided under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament

--- Page 578 ---
- 578 - 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the "Prospectus Regulation"), 
or (ii) the Base Prospectus is passported to Poland and duly published. In each case, Notes cannot be offered or 
sold in Poland or be subject to the Polish Admission unless it is done in compliance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Act on Public Offering and on the Conditions Governing the Introduction of Financial Instruments 
to an Organised Trading System and Public Companies dated 29 July 2005 (as amended) and any other applicable 
laws and regulations enacted under these acts or in substitution thereof from time to time.  
For the purpose of this provision, the term "Public Offer" means an 'offer of securities to the public' as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation, ie a communication to persons in any form and by any means, presenting sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the securities to be offered, so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for those securities. 
The conduct of a Public Offer in Poland as well as subscription or sale relating to such Public Offer requires an 
intermediation of a licenced investment firm, except for certain Public Offers exempted from the prospectus 
obligation. Each Dealer acknowledges and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge that the sale to or acquisition and holding of the Notes by residents of Poland may be subject to 
additional requirements and restrictions imposed by Polish law, beyond the restrictions and requirements provided 
by generally applicable provisions of European Union law, including under foreign exchange regulations. 
Portugal  
In relation to the Notes, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed with the Issuer, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that regarding any offer or sale of Notes 
by it in Portugal or to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having a permanent establishment located in 
the Portuguese territory (or to whom Portuguese laws and regulations applicable to the placement of financial 
instruments otherwise apply), it will comply with all laws and regulations in force in Portugal, including (without 
limitation) the Portuguese Securities Code ("Código dos Valores Mobiliários"), enacted by Decree Law no. 
486/99 of November 13, any regulations issued by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission ("Comissão do 
Mercado de Valores Mobiliários") ("CMVM") and the Prospectus Regulation and any regulation amending or 
supplementing the above, and: (i) it has not directly or indirectly taken any action or offered, advertised, marketed, 
invited to subscribe, gathered investment intentions, sold, re-sold, re-offered or delivered and will not directly or 
indirectly take any action, offer, advertise, market, invite to subscribe, gather investment intentions, sell, re-sell, 
re-offer or deliver any Notes in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer ("oferta pública") of securities 
pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code (or to any legislation which may replace it or complement it in this 
respect from time to time), and other applicable securities legislation and regulations, notably in circumstances 
which could qualify as a public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having permanent 
establishment located in Portugal, as the case may be; (ii) all offers, sales and distributions by it of the Notes have 
been and will only be made in Portugal in circumstances that, pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code (or to 
any legislation which may replace it or complement it in this respect from time to time), qualify as a private 
placement of Notes only ("oferta particular"); and (iii) it has not distributed, made available or caused to be 
distributed and will not distribute, make available or cause to be distributed this Base Prospectus or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes to the public in Portugal. Furthermore, (a) if the Notes are subject to a 
private placement addressed (i) exclusively to professional investors ("investidores profissionais"), as defined, 
from time to time, in the relevant provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code (or any legislation which may 
replace it or complement it in this respect from time to time) or to (ii) less than 150 non-qualified investors such 
private placement will be considered as a private placement of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities 
Code (or to any legislation which may replace it or complement it in this respect from time to time); (b) private 
placements addressed by companies open to public investment ("sociedades abertas") or by issuers of securities 
listed on a regulated market shall be subsequently notified to the CMVM for statistics purposes. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in any Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus compliant with the requirements of articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Financial Services Act 
("FinSA")) for a public offering of the Notes in Switzerland and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared 
for or in connection with the offering of the Notes in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes have been or will be filed with or approved by 
a Swiss review body (Prüfstelle). No application has been or shall be made to admit the Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (SIX Swiss Exchange or on any other exchange or any multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland.

--- Page 579 ---
- 579 - 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of FinSA except (i) 
in any circumstances falling within the exemptions to prepare a prospectus listed in article 36 para. 1 FinSA or 
(ii) where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, provided always that no offer of Notes shall 
require the Issuer or any offeror to publish a prospectus pursuant to article 35 FinSA in respect to such offer and 
that such offer shall comply with the additional restrictions set out below (if applicable). The Issuer has not 
authorised and does not authorise any offer of Notes which would require the Issuer or any offeror to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to article 35 FinSA in respect of such offer. For purposes of this provision 
"public offer" shall have the meaning as such term is understood pursuant to article 3 lit. g and h FinSA and the 
implementing Swiss Financial Services Ordinance ("FinSO"). 
The Notes do not constitute participations in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss 
Collective Investment Schemes Act ("CISA"). Therefore, the Notes are not subject to the approval of, or 
supervision by, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA"), and investors in the Notes will 
not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by FINMA. 
Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland  
No Key Information Document pursuant to article 58 FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt für Finanzinstrumente), 
equivalent document pursuant to foreign law pursuant to article 59 para. 2 FinSA or simplified prospectus based 
on the transitory provision of article 111 FinSO has been or will be prepared in relation to the Notes. Therefore 
the additional restrictions set out below apply:  
(a) 
If Notes qualify as "structured products" pursuant to FinSA the following additional restriction applies: 
The Notes may not be offered, and neither this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering 
or marketing material relating to the Notes may be made available, to any Private Client in Switzerland 
("Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland").  
(b) 
If Notes qualify as "debt securities with a derivative character" pursuant to article 86 para. 2 FinSO 
the Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland will apply upon expiry of the transitory period 
pursuant to article 111 FinSO on 1 January 2022.  
For purposes of this provision "Private Client" means a person who is not one (or more) of the following:  
(a) 
a professional client as defined in article 4 para. 3 FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis of article 5 
para. 5 FinSA) or article 5 para. 1 FinSA; or 
(b) 
an institutional client as defined in article 4 para. 4 FinSA; or 
(c) 
a private client according to article 58 para. 2 FinSA. 
"offer" means an offer as defined in article 58 FinSA. 
Restrictions in relation to indirect offering of collective investment schemes 
If the offering of  Notes in Switzerland qualifies as an indirect offering of collective investment schemes pursuant 
to CISA ("CIS"), e.g. if more than one third of the value of the Notes is derived from a particular CIS, the 
following additional restriction applies: Such Note may only be offered in Switzerland to Qualified Investors. For 
purposes of this provision "Qualified Investors" shall have the meaning as such term is defined in article 10 para. 
3 and 3ter CISA but not including high net worth clients in the sense of article 5 para. 1 FinSA. 
Taiwan 
Unless the offer of the Notes has been and will be registered with the Financial Supervisory Commission or other 
regulatory authorities or agencies of Taiwan, the Republic of China pursuant to relevant securities laws and 
regulations, the Notes may not be sold, issued or offered within Taiwan, the Republic of China through a public 
offering or in a circumstance which constitutes an offer within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act 
of Taiwan, the Republic of China that requires a registration or approval of the Financial Supervisory Commission 
or other regulatory authorities or agencies of Taiwan, the Republic of China. No person or entity in Taiwan, the

--- Page 580 ---
- 580 - 
Republic of China has been authorised to offer, sell, give advice regarding or otherwise intermediate the offering 
and sale of any Notes in Taiwan, the Republic of China. 
People's Republic of China 
The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, or offered or sold or delivered to any person for reoffering or 
resale or redelivery, in any such case directly or indirectly, in the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong 
Kong, Macau and Taiwan, the "PRC") in contravention of any applicable laws. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in the PRC 
to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. 
The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be 
lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in the PRC, or pursuant to 
an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. 
In particular, it is not the Issuer's intention and no action has been taken by the Issuer which would permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this document in the PRC. Accordingly, the Notes are not being offered 
or sold within the PRC by means of this Base Prospectus or any other document. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in the PRC, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold or made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase nor may this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with 
the offer or sale or invitation for subscription or purchase of any Notes be circulated or distributed, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than:  
(i) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to (in the case of securities or 
securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA)) Section 274 of 
the SFA or (in the case of units of a collective investment scheme) Section 304 of the SFA;  
(ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA; or  
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;

--- Page 581 ---
- 581 - 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments)(Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Certain Restrictions applicable to Notes issued in Singapore dollars: 
Notes denominated in Singapore dollars and issued to persons in Singapore by a person carrying on a deposit-
taking business (whether in Singapore or elsewhere) with a maturity period of less than 12 months and a 
denomination of less than S$200,000 would be treated as deposits for the purposes of the Banking Act, Chapter 
19 of Singapore (the "Singapore Banking Act"), unless the Notes are issued to certain persons, including either: 
(a) 
an individual whose total net personal assets exceed in value S$2 million (or its equivalent in foreign 
currency) at the time of the subscription, whose financial assets (net of any related liabilities) exceed 
in value S$1 million (or equivalent in foreign currency) at the time of subscription, or whose income 
in the 12 months preceding the time of subscription is not less than S$300,000 (or its equivalent in 
foreign currency) at the time of the payment; or 
(b) 
a company whose total net assets (as determined by the last audited-balance sheet of the company) 
exceeds S$10 million (or its equivalent in foreign currency) at the time of subscription. 
In determining the value of an individual's total net personal assets for the purposes of paragraph (a) above, the 
value of the individual's primary residence is taken to be the lower of the following: 
(a) 
the value calculated by deducting any outstanding amounts in respect of any credit facility that is 
secured by the residence from the estimated fair market value of the residence; and 
(b) 
S$1 million. 
In addition, even where Notes issued in Singapore dollars with a denomination of less than S$200,000 are not 
treated as deposits for the purposes of the Singapore Banking Act, certain additional information is required to be 
furnished to investors in Singapore by an issuer which is carrying on a deposit-taking business. In such case, 
please refer to the Applicable Transaction Terms for such further information. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, that to the best of its knowledge and belief, it has complied, 
and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes such offering material, in all cases at its own 
expense. 
Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Applicable Transaction Terms comes are required by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, or distribute this Base 
Prospectus or any Applicable Transaction Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement or 
modification may be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement (in the case of a supplement or modification 
relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes which are Exempt Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 582 ---
- 582 - 
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH PAYMENTS 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the Issuer's 
country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the Notes. 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of tax law and practice currently 
applicable in Spain, Andorra, France, Ireland, Italy, Germany, Peru, Poland, Singapore and Switzerland and 
is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, which could be made with 
retroactive effect. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of the Notes, and does not purport 
to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of whom (such as dealers in 
securities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective investors who are in any doubts as to their position 
should consult with their own professional advisers. 
The Issuer does not assume any responsibility for the withholding of taxes at source.  
Taxation in Spain 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations and it is based on the laws presently 
in force in Spain (without prejudice of regional tax regimes in the Historical Territories of the Basque Country 
and the Community of Navarre or provisions passed by Autonomous Communities which may apply to investors 
for certain taxes). The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of tax law and 
practice currently applicable in Spain and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application 
thereof, which could be made with retroactive effect. 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June 2014 on the ordination, 
supervision and solvency of credit institutions, as well as Royal Decree 1065/2007 ("Royal Decree 
1065/2007"), of 27 July 2007, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, of 29 July 2011; 
(b) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Personal Income Tax ("PIT"), 
Law 35/2006 of 28 November, on the PIT and on the Partial Amendment of the Corporate Income Tax 
Law, the Non-Residents Income Tax Law and the Net Wealth Tax Law, and Royal Decree 439/2007 
of 30 March promulgating the PIT Regulations, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June, on Wealth Tax, as 
amended, and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on the Inheritance and Gift Tax; 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Corporate Income Tax ("Corporate 
Income Tax" or "CIT") taxpayers, Law 27/2014, of 27 November 2014, on the Corporate Income Tax, 
as amended from time to time, and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July 2015, promulgating the 
Corporate Income Tax Regulations, as amended from time to time (the "Corporate Income Tax 
Regulations"); and 
(d) 
for individuals and legal entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain and are Non-Resident 
Income Tax ("Non-Resident Income Tax") taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March 
2004, promulgating the Consolidated Text of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law, as amended from 
time to time, and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July 2004, promulgating the Non-Resident Income 
Tax Regulations, as amended from time to time, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June 1991, on Wealth 
Tax, as amended from time to time and Law 29/1987, of 18 December 1987, on Inheritance and Gift 
Tax, as amended from time to time. 
Indirect Taxation 
Whatever the nature and residence of the holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes (each, a "Beneficial Owner"), 
the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, for example exempt from 
transfer tax and stamp duty, in accordance with the consolidated text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative 
Decree 1/1993, of 24 September 1993, and exempt from value added tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 
December 1992, regulating such tax, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 583 ---
- 583 - 
1. 
Individuals with Tax Residence in Spain 
1.1 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Spanish individuals ("personas fisicas") with tax residency in Spain (each a "Spanish Individual") are 
subject to PIT on a worldwide basis. Accordingly, income obtained from the Notes will be taxed in Spain 
when obtained by persons that are considered resident in Spain for tax purposes. The fact that a Spanish 
company pays interest or guarantees payments under a Note will not lead an individual or entity to be 
considered tax-resident in Spain. 
Both interest payments periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or 
exchange of the Notes constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of a person’s own 
capital to third parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 25 of the PIT Law, and therefore 
must be included in the investor’s PIT savings taxable base pursuant to the provisions of the 
aforementioned law and taxed at a flat rate of 19 per cent. on the first €6,000, 21 per cent. for taxable 
income between €6,000.01 and €50,000, 23 per cent. for taxable income between €50,000.01 and 
€200,000, and 26 per cent. for taxable income exceeding €200,000. 
According to Article 44.4 of the Royal Decree 1065/2007, in relation to withholding taxes, the Spanish 
Issuer would be obliged to withhold taxes in Spain on any interest paid under the Book-Entry Notes to 
PIT payers.   
In that sense, in the case of Book-Entry Notes, other than Implicit Yield Notes with a duration of more 
than 12 months, the information procedures set out in Royal Decree 1065/2007 would need to be 
compiled with. 
In addition, with respect to Implicit Yield Notes, the information procedures set out in the PIT regulations 
would also need to be observed. 
For that reason, in the case of Implicit Yield Notes, the Issuer will proceed to reimburse them provided 
that the holder thereof accredits their prior acquisition and the corresponding acquisition price by means 
of the legally required certificate that has been issued by a Spanish financial institution or established in 
Spain. In accordance with the legislation currently in force, in case of failure to provide such certificate, 
the Issuer will not proceed to pay to the holder the reimbursement thereof. 
1.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Net Wealth Tax may be levied in Spain on resident individuals, on a worldwide basis. In particular, 
individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Net Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth 
exceeds €700,000. Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as at 
31 December each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. The final tax 
rates may vary depending on any applicable regional tax laws, and some reductions may apply. 
1.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional and State rules. The applicable effective tax rates currently range between 0 
per cent. and 81.6 per cent. depending on relevant factors. 
2. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
2.1 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest received periodically and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Notes are subject to Corporate Income Tax (at the current general rate of 25%) in accordance with 
the rules for this tax. This general rate will not be applicable to all Corporate Income Tax taxpayers and, 
for instance, it will not apply to banking institutions (which will be taxed at the rate of 30%). Special 
rates apply in respect of certain types of entities (such as qualifying collective investment institutions). 
In accordance with Sections 4 and 5 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, there is no obligation to 
withhold on interest payable under the Notes issued in accordance with the Law 10/2014 and on the

--- Page 584 ---
- 584 - 
reimbursement of the Implicit Yield Notes with a duration of equal to or less than 12 months to Spanish 
CIT taxpayers (which for the sake of clarity, include Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish 
tax resident pension funds). Consequently, the Issuer will not withhold on interest payments from the 
Notes or on the reimbursement of Implicit Yield Notes to Spanish CIT taxpayers provided that the 
relevant information about the Notes is duly submitted. 
According to Article 61.q) of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, the Spanish Issuer would not be 
obliged to withhold taxes in Spain on any interest paid under the Implicit Yield Notes with a duration of 
more than 12 months, other than Bearer Notes and Registered Notes, to Spanish CIT taxpayers provided 
that such Implicit Yield Notes would be issued in book entry form and admitted to trading on an official 
secondary securities market or in the Alternative Fixed Income Market in Spain. In addition, according 
to Article 61.s) of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, the Spanish Issuer would not be obliged to 
withhold taxes in Spain on any interest paid under the Implicit Yield Notes with a duration of more than 
12 months, other than Book-Entry Notes, to Spanish CIT taxpayers provided that such Implicit Yield 
Notes would be listed and admitted to trading on an official securities market in an OECD country.  
Likewise, in relation to the Implicit Yield Notes referred in the two preceding paragraphs, the information 
procedures set out in the CIT regulations would also need to be observed. In this respect, it is necessary 
to distinguish the procedure to be followed in the case of Notes issued in accordance with the Law 
10/2014 or Implicit Yield Notes with a duration equal to or less than 12 months, from the procedure 
applicable to the Implicit Yield Notes with a duration of more than 12 months. 
In the case of Implicit Yield Notes including, but not limited to, Zero Coupon Notes, with a duration of 
more than 12 months, the Issuer will proceed to reimburse them provided that the holder thereof accredits 
their prior acquisition and the corresponding acquisition price by means of the legally required certificate 
that has been issued by a Spanish financial institution or established in Spain. In accordance with the 
legislation currently in force, in case of failure to provide such certificate, the Issuer will not proceed to 
pay to the holder the reimbursement thereof. 
In the case of Notes held by Spanish resident entities and deposited with a Spanish resident entity acting 
as depositary or custodian, payments of interest under the Notes may be subject to withholding tax at the 
generally applicable rate of 19%, if the Notes do not comply with applicable exemption requirements 
including those specified in the Reply to the Consultation of the Directorate General for Taxation 
(Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 in which case the required withholding will be made 
by the depositary or custodian.   
Notwithstanding the above, amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against 
their final CIT liability. 
2.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
2.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities with tax residency in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax and must include the market value 
of the Notes in their taxable income for Corporate Income Tax purposes. 
3. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
3.1 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes) 
(a) 
Non-Spanish resident investors acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in 
itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal 
entity who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving 
from such Notes are the same as those for Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers.

--- Page 585 ---
- 585 - 
In the same way, the reimbursement of Implicit Yield Notes with a duration of more than 12 
months will follow the same procedure as those for Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers. 
(b) 
Non-Spanish resident investors not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Both interest payments received periodically and income deriving from the transfer, redemption 
or repayment of the Notes issued in accordance with the Law 10/2014 and Implicit Yield Notes 
with a duration equal to or less than 12 months, obtained by individuals or entities who have no 
tax residency in Spain, and which are Non- Resident Income Tax taxpayers with no permanent 
establishment in Spain, are exempt from such Non-Resident Income Tax on the same terms laid 
down for income from public debt provided that the relevant information about such Notes is 
duly submitted to the Issuer. 
In the case of Implicit Yield Notes with a duration of more than 12 months, the Spanish Issuer 
would not be obliged to withhold taxes in Spain to Non-Resident Income Tax taxpayers if the 
holder provides the Issuer with a certificate of tax residence issued by the tax authorities of the 
relevant country. 
To make the above exemptions effective, it will be necessary to comply with the information 
provision obligations described below. For these purposes, it is necessary to distinguish the 
procedure to be followed in the case of Notes issued in accordance with Law 10/2014 or Implicit 
Yield Notes with a duration equal to or less than 12 months, from the procedure applicable to 
Implicit Yield Notes with a duration of more than 12 months. 
3.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to the 
Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals 
whose properties and rights located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory exceed 
EUR 700,000 would be subject to Wealth Tax in tax year 2020, the applicable rates ranging between 
0.2% and 3.5%.  
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
3.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals who do not have tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes 
by inheritance, gift or legacy, and who reside in a country with which Spain has entered into a double 
tax treaty in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax will be subject to the relevant double tax treaty. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to Inheritance 
and Gift Tax in accordance with Spanish regional and state legislation (European Union or European 
Economic individuals not resident in Spain for tax purposes may apply the regional rules). 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax. They will be subject to Non-
Resident Income Tax. If the legal entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a 
double tax treaty, the provisions of such treaty will apply. In general, double tax treaties provide for the 
taxation of this type of income in the country of residence of the beneficiary. 
4. 
Obligation to inform the Spanish tax authorities of the ownership of the Notes 
With effect as from 1 January 2013, Law 7/2012, of 29 October, as implemented by Royal Decree 
1558/2012, of 15 November, introduced new annual reporting obligations applicable to Spanish residents 
(i.e. individuals, legal entities, permanent establishments in Spain of non-resident entities) in relation to 
certain foreign assets or rights. 
Consequently, if the Notes are deposited with or placed in the custody of a non-Spanish entity, holders 
resident in Spain will be obliged, if certain thresholds are met as described below, to declare before the 
Spanish tax authorities, between 1 January and 31 March every year, the ownership of the Notes held on 
31 December of the immediately preceding year (e.g. to declare between 1 January 2022 and 31 March 
2022 the Notes held on 31 December 2021).

--- Page 586 ---
- 586 - 
This obligation would only need to be complied with if certain thresholds are met: specifically, if the 
only rights/assets held abroad are the Notes, this obligation would only apply if the value of the Notes 
together with other qualifying assets held on 31 December exceeds €50,000 (with the corresponding 
valuation to be made in accordance with Wealth Tax rules). If this threshold is met, a declaration would 
only be required in subsequent years if the value of the Notes together with other qualifying assets 
increases by more than €20,000 as against the declaration made previously. Similarly, cancellation or 
extinguishment of the ownership of the Notes before 31 December should be declared if such ownership 
was reported in previous declarations. 
5. 
Information about the Notes in Connection with Payments 
5.1 
Notes issued in accordance with Law 10/2014 or Implicit Yield Notes with a term equal to or less 
than 12 months 
In the case of Notes issued in accordance with Law 10/2014 or Implicit Yield Notes with a duration equal 
to or less than 12 months, the Issuer is currently required by Spanish law to file an annual return with the 
Spanish tax authorities in which it reports on certain information relating to the Notes.  
In the case of Book-Entry Notes, other than Implicit Yield Notes with a duration of more than 12 months, 
according to Section 44.4 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, for the purpose of preparing the annual return 
referred to above, certain information with respect thereto must be submitted to the Issuer at the time of 
each payment. 
Such information would be the following: 
(a) 
identification of the Notes (as applicable) in respect of which the relevant payment is made; 
(b) 
the date on which relevant payment is made; 
(c) 
the total amount of the relevant payment;  
(d) 
the amount of income corresponding to PIT taxpayers, except segregated coupons and 
segregated principal for which reimbursement an intermediary entity is involved; and 
(e) 
the amount of income which, according to paragraph 2 of article 44 of Royal Decree 1064/2007, 
must be paid gross. 
In respect of Bearer Notes and Registered Notes, other than Implicit Yield Notes with a duration of more 
than 12 months, in accordance with Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, for the purpose of preparing 
the annual return referred to above, certain information with respect thereto must be submitted to the 
Issuer at the time of each payment. 
Such information would be the following: 
(a) 
identification of the Notes (as applicable) in respect of which the relevant payment is made; 
(b) 
the date on which relevant payment is made; 
(c) 
the total amount of the relevant payment; and 
(d) 
the amount of the relevant payment corresponding to each entity that manages a clearing and 
settlement system for securities situated outside Spain. 
In particular, the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of Book-Entry Notes) the Iberclear Paying Agent 
(or any other entity that holds securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems 
domiciled in the Spanish territory) must certify the information above about such Notes by means of a 
certificate the form of which is attached as Annex I of this Base Prospectus. In light of the above, the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent or the Iberclear Paying Agent, as applicable, have arranged certain 
procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning such Notes. Investors should note that 
the Issuer does not accept any responsibility relating to the procedures established for the collection of 
information concerning the Notes.

--- Page 587 ---
- 587 - 
Accordingly, the Issuer will not be liable for any damage or loss suffered by any holder who would 
otherwise be entitled to an exemption from Spanish withholding tax but whose income payments are 
nonetheless paid net of Spanish withholding tax because these procedures prove ineffective. Moreover, 
the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. See "Risk Factors". 
The procedures for providing documentation referred to in this section are set out in detail in the Agency 
Agreement which may be inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Iberclear Paying Agent. In particular, if the Principal Paying Agent does not act as 
common depositary, the procedures described in this section will be modified in the manner described in 
the Agency Agreement. 
If, following clarifications by the Spanish Tax Authorities, procedures in relation to Royal Decree 
1065/2007 are subsequently amended, the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Iberclear Paying 
Agent will implement such procedures as may be required to enable the Issuer to comply with its 
obligations under applicable legislation as clarified by the Spanish Tax Authorities. 
Please note that the procedure set out in Section 7 (Implicit Yield Notes with a duration of more than 12 
months) below would also apply for Implicit Yield Notes with a duration equal or less than 12 months 
when the holders are Spanish individuals taxpayers. 
Set out below is Annex I. Sections in English have been translated from the original Spanish and such 
translations constitute direct and accurate translations of the Spanish language text. In the event of any 
discrepancy between the Spanish language version of the certificate contained in Annex I and the 
corresponding English translation, the Spanish tax authorities will give effect to the Spanish language 
version of the relevant certificate only. 
6. 
No holding of Implicit Yield Notes other than Book-Entry Notes by Spanish Individuals 
The sale, transfer, or acquisition of Implicit Yield Notes other than Book-Entry Notes including, but not 
limited to, Zero Coupon Notes, to or by individuals (personas físicas) who are tax resident in Spain (each 
a "Spanish Individual") is forbidden in all cases. Any transfer of Implicit Yield Notes other than Book-
Entry Notes to or by Spanish Individuals is not permitted and such transfer will be considered null and 
void by the Issuer and the Guarantor. Accordingly, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will (i) recognise 
any Spanish Individual as owner of Implicit Yield Notes other than as an owner of Book-Entry Notes or 
(ii) list any Implicit Yield Notes other than Book-Entry Notes on AIAF.  
7. 
Implicit Yield Notes that are Book-Entry Notes with a duration of more than 12 months 
In case of Implicit Yield Notes that are Book-Entry Notes with a duration of more than 12 months, the 
reimbursement proceeding requires that the holder (i) provides the Issuer with a certificate of tax 
residence issued by the tax authorities of the country of its tax residence, in the case of Non-Resident 
Income Tax taxpayers, according to which no withholding tax should apply upon such reimbursement 
and (ii) accredits their prior acquisition and the corresponding acquisition price by means of the legally 
required certificate that has been issued by a Spanish financial institution or established in Spain.  
In accordance with the legislation currently in force, in the case of failure to provide the certificate in 
relation to the prior acquisition and the corresponding acquisition price, the Issuer will not proceed to 
pay to the holder the reimbursement thereof. 
8. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("EU FTT")  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal for a Directive for a common EU 
FTT in Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and 
Spain. Estonia, however, withdrew from the enhanced cooperation in March 2016 (the "FTT 
Participating Member States"). 
The initial proposal had a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in financial 
instruments (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  
The initial proposal could apply to persons both within and outside of the FTT Participating Member 
States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in financial instruments where at least one party is a 
financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of

--- Page 588 ---
- 588 - 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or 
(b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State. 
However, the EU FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the FTT Participating Member 
States and the scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, 
the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate, and FTT 
Participating Member States may withdraw.  
Prospective investors of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
9. 
The Spanish financial transactions tax 
The Spanish law which implements the Spanish financial tax (the "Spanish FTT") was approved on 7 
October 2020 (the "FTT Law") and the FTT Law was published in the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín 
Oficial del Estado) on 16 October 2020. The Spanish FTT came into force three months after the 
publication of the FTT Law in the Spanish Official Gazette (that is, on 16 January 2021).  
Spanish FTT will charge a 0.2% rate on specific acquisitions of listed shares issued by Spanish companies 
whose market capitalisation exceeds €1 billion, regardless of the jurisdiction of residence of the parties 
involved in the transaction. The tax payer will be the financial traders that transfer or execute the purchase 
order and must submit an annual tax return. 
The list of the Spanish companies with a market capitalisation exceeding €1 billion at 1 December of 
each year will be published on the Spanish tax authorities’ website before 31 December each year. For 
the purposes of transactions closed during 2021, the Spanish tax authorities issued a list of entities whose 
market capitalisation exceeded €1 billion as of 16 December 2020, that will fall within the scope of the 
Spanish FTT. 
In principle, the Spanish FTT does not affect transactions involving bonds or debt or similar instruments. 
Prospective investors are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the Spanish FTT.

--- Page 589 ---
- 589 - 
Annex I 
Anexo al Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y 
de desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos, aprobado por Real 
Decreto 1065/2007 
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento General de 
las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas 
comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos 
Annex to Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and 
management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the tax inspection 
and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Don (nombre), con número de identificación fiscal (…)(1), en nombre y representación de (entidad 
declarante), con número de identificación fiscal (….)(1) y domicilio en (…) en calidad de (marcar la letra 
que proceda): 
Mr. (name), with tax identification number (...)(1), in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax identification 
number (....)(1) and address in (...) as (function – mark as applicable): 
(a) Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones. 
(a) Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book entry form. 
(b) Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero. 
(b) Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country. 
(c) Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación y 
liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español. 
(c) Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems domiciled 
in the Spanish territory. 
(d) Agente de pagos designado por el emisor. 
(d) Paying agent appointed by the issuer. 
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros: 
Makes the following statement, according to its own records: 
1. En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44: 
1. In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44: 
1.1 Identificación de los valores……………………………………………………… 
1.1 Identification of the securities…………………………………………………… 
1.2 Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados) 
1.2 Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) 
1.3 Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son valores emitidos al 
descuento o segregados)…………………………….. 
1.3 Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at discount or 
are segregated)

--- Page 590 ---
- 590 - 
1.4 Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la Renta de las 
Personas Físicas, excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en cuyo reembolso intervenga una 
Entidad Gestora ................................. 
1.4 Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons and 
segregated principals for which reimbursement an intermediary entity is involved.................. 
1.5 Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse por su importe 
íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados). 
1.5 Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total amount to be 
refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated). 
2. En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44. 
2. In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44. 
2.1 Identificación de los valores……………………………………………………… 
2.1 Identification of the securities…………………………………………………….. 
2.2 Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados) 
…………………………………………………… 
2.2 Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) 
…………………………………………………… 
2.3 Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados .........…………………………………….. 
2.3 Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are 
segregated) 
2.4 Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores 
con sede en el extranjero A. 
2.4 Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in 
a foreign country A. 
2.5 Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores 
con sede en el extranjero B. 
2.5 Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in 
a foreign country B. 
2.6 Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores 
con sede en el extranjero C. 
2.6 Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in 
a foreign country C. 
Lo que declaro en ..................….a …. de ...................…de …. 
I declare the above in ....................... on the.... of ....................... of .... 
(1)En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará constar el 
número o código de identificación que corresponda de conformidad con su país de residencia 
(1)In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain, the number or 
identification code which corresponds to their country of residence shall be included.]

--- Page 591 ---
- 591 - 
Principality of Andorra 
The following is a general description of certain Andorran tax considerations based upon the laws currently in 
force in the Principality of Andorra ("Andorra"). 
Introduction 
This information has been drafted based upon the following Andorran tax legislation in force as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
For legal entities resident for tax purposes in Andorra which are Corporate Income Tax ("Corporate 
Income Tax" or "CIT") taxpayers, the (a) Law 95/2010, of 29 December 2010, on the Corporate Income 
Tax, as amended from time to time and the (b) Decree of 14 May 2019, on the Corporate Income Tax 
Regulations, as amended from time to time (both referred to as "Corporate Income Tax Regulations"); 
and 
(ii) 
For individuals being residents for tax purposes in Andorra which are Personal Income Tax ("Personal 
Income Tax" or "PIT") taxpayers, the (a) Law 5/2014, of 24 April 2014, on Personal Income Tax and 
the (b) Decree of 24 April 2014, as amended from time to time (both referred to as "Personal Income 
Tax Regulations"). 
The acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be exempt from indirect taxes in Andorra. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Andorra 
(a) 
Corporate Income Tax ("Impost sobre Societats") 
Both interests received periodically and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Notes are subject to Corporate Income Tax (at the current general rate of 10%) in accordance with 
the Corporate Income Tax Regulations. This general rate will not be applicable to all Corporate Income 
Tax taxpayers and, for instance, a special rate (0%) applies for collective investment undertakings. 
(b) 
Other considerations (Wealth, Gifts and heritances) 
Andorran tax legislation does not provide for wealth tax. Consequently, the mere holding of the Notes is 
not a taxable event. 
Andorran tax legislation does not provide for specific inheritance and gifts tax. However, Andorran-
resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance or gift must 
include the market value of the Notes (or the market value of the rights so acquired) in their taxable 
income for Corporate Income Tax Regulations purposes. 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Andorra 
(a) 
Personal Income Tax ("Impost sobre la Renda de les Persones Físiques") 
Both interests received periodically and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Notes are subject to Personal Income Tax (at the current general rate of 10%) in accordance with the 
Personal Income Tax Regulations as a part of saving tax base. The Personal Income Tax establishes an 
exemption of €3,000 per year applicable to the saving tax base. 
In accordance with the Personal Income Tax Regulations, there is a withholding obligation on interest 
payable to Andorran PIT taxpayers. Consequently, the Local Entity will withhold on interest payments 
to Andorran PIT at a 10% fix rate. 
However, the Personal Income Tax Regulations establish a €3,000 exemption per year for the benefit of 
Andorran tax resident individuals.  
(b) 
Other considerations (Wealth, Gifts and heritances) 
Andorran tax legislation does not provide for wealth tax nor inheritance or gifts tax.

--- Page 592 ---
- 592 - 
Taxation in France 
The following is an overview of certain tax consequences relating to the holding of the Notes. This overview is 
based on the laws and regulations in full force and effect in France as at the date of this Base Prospectus, which 
may be subject to change in the future, potentially with retroactive effect. Investors should be aware that this 
overview is of a general nature and does not constitute legal or tax advice and should not be understood as such. 
Prospective investors are therefore advised to consult their own qualified advisers so as to determine, in the light 
of their individual situation, the tax consequences of the purchase, holding, redemption or disposal of the Notes. 
Withholding taxes 
The following has been prepared on the assumption that the Issuer is not a French resident for French tax 
purposes (whether actually or constructively) and the Notes (and any transaction in relation to the Notes) are not 
attributed or attributable to a French branch, permanent establishment or place of business of the Issuer for 
French tax purposes. 
The withholding tax treatment of the Notes issued by the Issuer will depend on their nature and characterisation 
for French tax purposes. 
Notes issued by the Issuer constituting debt instruments for French tax purposes 
Payments with respect to Notes issued by the Issuer which are treated as debt instruments for French tax purposes 
would be made free of any compulsory withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes of whatsoever 
nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by France or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or 
therein. 
However, if the paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France, pursuant to Article 125 A I of the 
French Code général des impôts, subject to certain exceptions, interest and assimilated income received by 
individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8% withholding tax, 
which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has been 
made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are also levied by way of withholding at an aggregate 
rate of 17.2% on such interest and assimilated income received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled 
(domiciliés fiscalement) in France, subject to certain exceptions. 
Notes issued by the Issuer not constituting debt instruments for French tax purposes 
Payments with respect to Notes issued by the Issuer which are not treated as debt instruments for French tax 
purposes would not be subject to any mandatory withholding tax in France. 
Transfer tax and other taxes 
The following may be relevant in connection with Notes which may be settled or redeemed by way of physical 
delivery of (i) certain listed shares or certain assimilated securities issued by a company whose registered office 
is situated in France or (ii) securities representing such shares (or assimilated securities). 
Pursuant to Article 235 ter ZD of the French Code général des impôts, a financial transaction tax (the "French 
FTT") is applicable, to any acquisition for consideration, resulting in a transfer of ownership, of (i) an equity 
security (titre de capital) within the meaning of Article L 212-1 A of the French Code monétaire et financier or 
an assimilated equity security (titre de capital assimilé) within the meaning of Article L 211-41 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier, admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange when the said security is issued 
by a company whose registered office is situated in France and whose market capitalisation exceeds €1 billion on 
1 December of the year preceding the year in which the imposition occurs (the "French Shares") or (ii) a security 
(titre) representing French Shares (irrespective of the location of the registered office of the issuer of such 
security). The rate of the French FTT is 0.3% of the acquisition value of the French Shares (or securities 
representing French Shares). There are a number of exemptions from the French FTT and investors should consult 
with their counsel to identify whether they can benefit from them. 
If the French FTT applies to an acquisition of French Shares, this transaction is exempt from transfer taxes (droits 
de mutation à titre onéreux) which generally apply at a rate of 0.1% to the sale of shares issued by a company 
whose registered office is situated in France, provided that in case of shares listed on a recognised stock exchange, 
transfer taxes are due only if the transfer is evidenced by a written deed or agreement.

--- Page 593 ---
- 593 - 
Ireland  
Withholding tax 
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20%), is required to be withheld from payments of 
Irish source interest which could include interest paid on the Notes. However, an exemption from withholding on 
interest payments exists under Section 64 of the Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997 (the "1997 Act") for certain 
interest bearing securities ("quoted Eurobonds") issued by a body corporate (such as the Issuer) which are quoted 
on a recognised stock exchange (which would include Euronext Dublin). 
Any interest paid on such quoted Eurobonds can be paid free of withholding tax provided: 
(a) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland; or 
(b) 
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland, and either: 
(i) 
the quoted Eurobond is held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners (Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are so recognised), or 
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the quoted Eurobond and who is beneficially entitled 
to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to a relevant person (such as 
an Irish paying agent) in the prescribed form. 
So long as the Notes are quoted on a recognised stock exchange and are held in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, interest on the Notes can be paid by the Issuer and any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer 
without any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax. 
In certain circumstances, Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the rate of 25 per cent from interest on any 
quoted Eurobond, where such interest is collected by a bank or other agent in Ireland on behalf of any Noteholder. 
Taxation of Noteholders 
Notwithstanding that a Noteholder may receive interest on the Notes free of withholding tax, the Noteholder may 
still be liable to pay Irish income tax. Interest paid on the Notes may have an Irish source and therefore be within 
the charge to Irish income tax, pay related social insurance "PRSI" and the universal social charge. Ireland 
operates a self-assessment system in respect of income tax and any person, including a person who is neither 
resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland, with Irish source income comes within its scope. 
However, interest on the Notes will be exempt from Irish income tax if the recipient of the interest is resident in 
a relevant territory (a member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) or in a country with which Ireland 
has a comprehensive double taxation agreement) provided either (i) the Notes are quoted Eurobonds and are 
exempt from withholding tax as set out above, (ii) the Notes are not or cease to be quoted Eurobonds exempt from 
withholding tax and the recipient of the interest is a company resident in a relevant territory that generally taxes 
foreign source interest. 
In addition, provided that the Notes are quoted Eurobonds and are exempt from withholding tax as set out above, 
the interest on the Notes will be exempt from Irish income tax if the recipient of the interest is (i) a company under 
the control, directly or indirectly, of persons who by virtue of the law of a relevant territory are resident in that 
country and that person or persons are not themselves under the control whether directly or indirectly of a person 
who is not resident in such a country, or (ii) a company, the principal class of shares of such company, or another 
company of which the recipient company is a 75% subsidiary, is substantially and regularly traded on one or more 
recognised stock exchanges in Ireland or a relevant territory or a stock exchange approved by the Irish Minister 
for Finance.   
Notwithstanding these exemptions from income tax, a corporate recipient that carries on a trade in Ireland through 
a branch or agency in respect of which the Notes are held or attributed may have a liability to Irish corporation 
tax on the interest. 
Noteholders receiving interest on the Notes which does not fall within the above exemptions may be liable to Irish 
income tax, PRSI and the universal social charge on such interest.

--- Page 594 ---
- 594 - 
Capital gains tax 
A holder of Notes may be subject to Irish tax on capital gains on a disposal of Notes unless such holder is neither 
resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and does not carry on a trade in Ireland through a branch or agency in 
respect of which the Notes are used or held. 
Capital acquisitions tax 
A gift or inheritance comprising of Notes will be within the charge to capital acquisitions tax if either (i) the 
disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland 
(or, in certain circumstances, if the disponer is domiciled in Ireland irrespective of his residence or that of the 
donee/successor) or (ii) the Notes are regarded as property situate in Ireland. Bearer notes are generally regarded 
as situated where they are physically located at any particular time. Registered Notes are generally regarded as 
situated where the principal register of Noteholders is maintained or is required to be maintained, but the Notes 
may be regarded as situated in Ireland regardless of their physical location or the location of the register as they 
represent a debt owed by an Irish incorporated debtor which may be secured over Irish property. Accordingly, if 
such Notes are comprised in a gift or inheritance, the gift or inheritance may be within the charge to tax regardless 
of the residence status of the disponer or the donee/successor. 
Stamp duty 
Any document or electronic transfer effected through an approved or recognised relevant system as provided for 
in the Companies Act 1990 (Uncertificated Securities) Regulations 1996 transferring title to the Notes is 
potentially subject to 1% Irish stamp duty. However, if the terms of the loan capital exemption are satisfied, no 
stamp duty is payable. There are four conditions that must be satisfied to avail of this exemption: 
(a) 
the Notes must not carry a right of conversion into shares of an Irish incorporated company; 
(b) 
the Notes must not carry rights similar to those attaching to shares, including voting rights, entitlement 
to a share of profits or a share in surplus on liquidation of the Issuer; 
(c) 
the Notes must be issued for a price which is not less than 90% of the nominal value of the Notes; and 
(d) 
the Notes must not carry a right to a sum in respect of repayment or interest which is related to certain 
movements in an index or indices (based wholly or partly and directly or indirectly on stocks or 
marketable securities) specified in any document relating to the Notes. 
Italy 
The following is a summary of current Italian law and practice relating to the taxation of Notes and Certificates. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a 
retroactive basis. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of Notes and 
Certificates and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some 
of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers 
of Notes and Certificates are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences 
of their ownership of Notes and Certificates. 
This summary does not describe the tax consequences for an investor with respect to Notes and Certificates that 
will be redeemed by physical delivery. Prospective Noteholders and Certificateholders are advised to consult 
their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the 
country in which they are resident for tax purposes and of any other potentially relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, 
holding and disposing of Notes and Certificates and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other 
amounts under the Notes and Certificates, including in particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax 
laws.  
Italian tax treatment of the Notes and Certificates 
The Notes and Certificates may be subject to different tax regimes depending on whether:

--- Page 595 ---
- 595 - 
 
they represent a debt instrument implying a use of capital (impiego di capitale), through which the 
relevant holders transfer to the Issuer a certain amount of capital, for the economic exploitation of the 
same, subject to the right to obtain a (partial or entire) reimbursement of such amount at maturity; or 
 
they represent derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments that do not 
entail a use of capital, through which the holders purchase indirectly underlying financial instruments. 
 
Notes and Certificates representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital" 
(a) 
Notes and Certificates classified as a bonds instrument 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended, ("Decree No. 239") provides for 
the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including 
the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from securities falling within the 
category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) issued, 
inter alia, by non-Italian resident issuers. 
For these purposes, debentures similar to bonds are defined as debentures that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption or maturity, an amount not less than their principal amount 
(whether or not providing for interim payments) and that do not give any right to directly or indirectly 
participate in the management of the relevant Issuer or of the business in relation to which they are issued 
nor any type of control on such management. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder or Certificateholder is (i) an individual not engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the relevant securities are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership 
pursuant to Article 5 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 (the Italian Income 
Consolidated Tax Code, "TUIR") (with the exception of general partnership, limited partnership and 
similar entities), (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an investor exempt from 
Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium and other income relating to Notes and Certificates, 
accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding tax, referred to as "imposta 
sostitutiva", levied at the rate of 26 per cent. unless the relevant holder has entrusted the management of 
his financial assets, including the Notes and Certificates, to an authorised intermediary and has opted for 
the so called "risparmio gestito" regime (see under "Capital gains tax", below). In the event that holders 
described under (i) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the relevant Notes 
and Certificates are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes and Certificates if the securities are included in a long-term individual 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time 
to time applicable as set forth under Italian law.  
Where an Italian resident holder is a company or similar commercial entity pursuant to Article 73 of 
TUIR or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which Notes and Certificates are 
effectively connected and such securities are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, 
premium and other income from such Notes and Certificates will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, 
but must be included in the relevant holder's income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian 
corporate taxation ("IRES") and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the holder, also 
to the regional tax on productive activities ("IRAP"). 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 (the "Decree No. 
351"), Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as 
amended, Italian real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree 
No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented (the "Real Estate Funds") are subject neither 
to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Funds to the extent the 
relevant Notes and Certificates are held by an authorised intermediary but subsequent distributions made 
in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 
26%; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and percentage of participation,

--- Page 596 ---
- 596 - 
income of the Real Estate Fund is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder 
regardless of distribution. 
According to Article 9 of the Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, the same regime is applicable 
to Italian real estate SICAFs ("Real Estate SICAFs"). 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund a SICAF (an 
investment company with fixed share capital) other than a Real Estate SICAF or a SICAV (an investment 
company with variable capital) established in Italy (the "Fund") and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager 
is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority, and the relevant Notes and Certificates are held by 
an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income accrued during the holding period on 
such securities will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results 
of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such results but a withholding tax of 26 per cent., 
will apply, in certain circumstances to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the 
"Collective Investment Fund Tax"). 
Where an Italian resident holder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 17 of the 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and Notes and Certificates are deposited with an 
authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income relating to such securities and accrued 
during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of 
the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. 
Subject to certain conditions and limitations (including minimum holding period requirement) and 
limitations, interest, premium and other income may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per 
cent. substitute tax if the Notes and Certificates are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable 
as set forth under Italian law. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare 
("SIMs"), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio ("SGRs"), stockbrokers and other 
entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Economics and Finance (each an "Intermediary") as 
subsequently amended and integrated. 
An Intermediary to be entitled to apply the imposta sostitutiva must (i) be (a) resident in Italy or (b) a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary or (c) an entity or a 
company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of securities and 
directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed 
an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239; and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the 
collection of interest or in the transfer of Notes and Certificates. For the purpose of the application of the 
imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes and Certificates includes any assignment or other act, either with 
or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant securities or in a 
change of the Intermediary with which such Notes and Certificates are deposited. 
Where the Notes and Certificates are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is 
applied and withheld by any entity paying interest to a holder. If interest, premium and other income on 
the Notes and Certificates are not collected through an Intermediary or any entity paying interest and as 
such no imposta sostitutiva is levied, the Italian resident beneficial owners listed above will be required 
to include interest, premium and other income in their yearly income tax return and subject them to a 
final substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent. 
Non-Italian Resident holders 
No Italian imposta sostitutiva is applied on payments to a non-Italian resident holder of interest or 
premium and other income relating to Notes and Certificates provided that, if the securities are held in 
Italy, the non-Italian resident holder declares itself to be a non-Italian resident according to Italian tax 
regulations. 
b. 
Notes and Certificates classified as atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes and Certificates that are not deemed to fall within the category of 
bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may be subject to 
a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are 
debentures that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption or maturity, an amount not

--- Page 597 ---
- 597 - 
lower than their nominal value (whether or not providing for interim payments) and that do not give any 
right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the relevant Issuer or of the business in 
relation to which they are issued nor any type of control on such management. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes and Certificates that are classified as atypical securities, if the securities are 
included in a long-term indivdual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that 
meets the requirements from time time applicable as set forth under Italian law.  
Such withholding tax does not apply to interest payments made to a non-Italian resident holder and to an 
Italian resident holder which is (i) a company or similar commercial entity (including the Italian 
permanent establishment of foreign entities), (ii) a commercial partnership (with the exception of general 
partnership, limited partnership and similar entities), or (iii) a commercial private or public institution. 
c. 
Payments made by a non-resident guarantor 
With respect to payments made to Italian resident holders by a non-Italian resident guarantor, in 
accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any such payment made by the Italian non-resident 
guarantor could be treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment made by the Issuer and would thus be 
subject to the tax regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section. 
D. 
Capital Gains Tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale, early redemption or redemption of Notes and Certificates would be 
treated as part of the taxable income for IRES purposes (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the 
"status" of the holder, also as part of the net value of production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an 
Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign 
entities to which the relevant securities are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the relevant securities are connected. 
Where an Italian resident holder is (i) an individual not holding Notes and Certificates in connection with 
an entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution, any capital gain realised by such holder from the sale, early redemption or redemption of such 
securities would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. Under some 
conditions and limitations, holders may set off losses with gains. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of the Notes and Certificates if the securities are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below. 
Under the "tax declaration" regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for holders 
under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative 
basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian resident holder holding 
the securities not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales, early redemption or 
redemptions of the relevant Notes and Certificates carried out during any given tax year. These holders 
must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, 
in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance of income 
tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital 
gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be 
carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years.

--- Page 598 ---
- 598 - 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident holders under (i) to (iii) above may elect 
to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale, early redemption or 
redemption of the relevant Notes and Certificates (the "risparmio amministrato" regime provided for by 
Article 6 of the Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 September 1997, the "Decree No. 461"). Such separate 
taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) Notes and Certificates being deposited with Italian 
banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries; and (ii) an express valid election for the 
risparmio amministrato regime being punctually made in writing by the relevant holder. The depository 
is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale, early 
redemption or redemption of Notes and Certificates (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon 
the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount 
to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the 
proceeds to be credited to the holder or using funds provided by the holder for this purpose. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale, early redemption or redemption of Notes and Certificates 
results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the 
same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under 
the risparmio amministrato regime, the holder is not required to declare the capital gains in its annual 
tax return. 
Any capital gains realised or accrued by Italian holders under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including Notes and Certificates, to an authorised intermediary and 
have validly opted for the so-called "risparmio gestito" regime (regime provided by Article 7 of Decree 
No. 461) will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the 
managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the managed 
assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued 
in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the holder is not required to 
declare the capital gains realised in its annual tax return. Any capital gains realised by a holder which is 
a Fund will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. The 
Fund will not be subject to taxation on such result, but the Collective Investment Fund Tax will apply. 
Any capital gains realised by a holder who is an Italian Real Estate Fund or a Real Estate SICAF to which 
the provisions of Decree 351, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 
July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended apply will be subject neither 
to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund or the Real Estate 
SICAF.  
Any capital gains realised by a holder which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided 
for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of 
the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. substitute tax. 
Subject to certain conditions and limitations (including minimum holding period requirement) and 
limitations, capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes and Certificates may be excluded 
from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes and Certificates are included in a long-
term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident holders from the sale or redemption of Notes and 
Certificates are not subject to Italian taxation, provided that the relevant securities (i) are traded on 
regulated markets or (ii) if not traded on regulated markets, are held outside Italy. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident holders from the sale or redemption of Notes and 
Certificates not traded on regulated markets and deposited with a bank, a SIM or certain authorised 
financial intermediary in Italy are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the relevant holder 
of the instrument (i) qualifies as the beneficial owner of the capital gain and is resident for income tax 
purposes in a country included in the list provided under Decree No 239 and possibly further amended 
by future decrees issued pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of Legislative Decree No. 239  (the "White List"); 
or (ii) is an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements ratified in 
Italy; or (iii) is a central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign 
State; or (iv) is an institutional investor which is incorporated in a country included in the White List, 
even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of incorporation, in any case, to the 
extent that the relevant non-Italian resident holders file in due course an appropriate self-declaration 
(autocertificazione) stating that they meet the requirements indicated above.

--- Page 599 ---
- 599 - 
If none of the conditions above are met and the Notes and Certificates are deposited with a bank, a SIM 
or certain authorised financial intermediaries in Italy, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident 
holders are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26%. In any event, non-Italian resident 
individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes and Certificates are 
connected, that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised 
upon the sale or redemption of the securities are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the 
recipient and comply with the relevant formalities, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy, 
provided that all conditions for the application of the said double taxation treaty are met. 
 
Notes and Certificates classified as derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative 
financial instruments 
Payments in respect of Notes and Certificates qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments 
received by holders resident in Italy for tax purposes (not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which 
the securities are connected) as well as capital gains realised by such Italian holder on any sale or transfer 
for consideration of the Notes and Certificates or redemption thereof are subject to a 26 per cent. capital 
gain tax, which applies under the tax declaration regime, the risparmio amministrato tax regime or the 
risparmio gestito tax regime according to the same rules described above under the section "Capital Gains 
Tax" above.  
Payments in respect of Notes and Certificates qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments 
received by investors resident in Italy for tax purposes which carry out commercial activities are not 
subject to the 26 per cent. capital gain tax, but the proceeds are included in their taxable income and 
subject to taxation in accordance with the ordinary rules. 
Any capital gains realised by an investor which is a Fund will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio. Such result will not be taxed with the Fund, but 
subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders or shareholders may be subject to the Collective 
Investment Fund Tax. 
Any capital gains realised by an investor which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided 
for by Article 17 of Decree No. 252) will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the 
end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to cerain conditions and 
limitations (including minimum holding period requirement), capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of the Notes and Certificates may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. 
substitute tax if the securities are included in a long-term individuals savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under 
Italian law. 
Any capital gains realised by a Real Estate Investment Fund and Real Estate SICAF will be subject, if 
the relevant conditions are met, neither to substitute tax nor to any other income tax in the hands of such 
Real Estate Investment Fund or Real Estate SICAF. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident holders are subject to the same tax regime described under 
the section "Capital Gains Tax" above.  
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, 
the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) as a result of death or 
donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree, are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the 
inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. 
inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, 
Euro 100,000; and

--- Page 600 ---
- 600 - 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per 
cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned 
above in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. 
The transfer of financial instruments as a result of death is exempt from inheritance tax when such 
financial instruments are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under 
Italian law. 
Transfer Tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public 
deeds and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at a rate of Euro 200; (ii) private deeds are 
subject to registration tax only in case of use (caso d'uso), explicit reference (enunciazione) or voluntary 
registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (the "Decree No. 201"), a 
proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by 
Italian based financial intermediaries to their clients for the securities deposited in Italy. The stamp duty 
applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and cannot exceed €14,000, for taxpayers different from individuals; this 
stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or - if no market value figure is available - the 
nominal value or redemption amount of the securities held.  
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy on 29 July 2009, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restated) of an 
entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. The 
communication is deemed to be sent to the customers at least once a year, even for instruments for which 
it is not mandatory.  
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree No. 201, Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities and 
certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of TUIR) 
resident in Italy for tax purposes holding the securities outside the Italian territory are required to pay a 
wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 per cent. (IVAFE). For taxpayers other than individuals, IVAFE cannot 
exceed Euro 14,000 per year. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the securities at the end of the relevant year or, if no market 
value figure is available, the nominal value or the redemption value of such securities held outside the 
Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes 
paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
Italian Financial Transactions Tax 
Pursuant to Article 1(491 et seq) of Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012, a financial transaction tax (FTT) 
applies to (i) transfers of property rights in shares and other participating securities issued by Italian 
resident companies (together, the Relevant Participating Instruments); (ii) transfers of property rights 
in financial instruments representing any such Relevant Participating Instruments, whether or not such 
financial instruments are issued by Italian resident issuers (such financial instruments, together the 
Relevant Participating Instruments, the Relevant Instruments); and (iii) derivative transactions 
referencing Relevant Instruments (i.e. derivative transactions or derivative financial instruments and 
certain equity-linked securities having an underlying mainly represented by one or more of Relevant 
Instruments or whose value is mainly linked to the Relevant Instruments) including securitised 
derivatives referencing Relevant Instruments (e.g. certificates). 
With respect to derivative transactions referencing Relevant Instruments including securitised derivatives 
the FTT applies regardless of the tax residence of both the counterparties of the transactions and/or where

--- Page 601 ---
- 601 - 
the transaction is executed. The FTT is levied at a fixed amount of between Euro 0.01875 and Euro 200 
per transaction, which varies depending on the features and notional value of the securitised derivatives. 
Where a securitised derivative settled by physical settlement, the FTT is also due upon the transfer of the 
ownership rights in the underlying Relevant Instruments. A reduced FTT (one fifth of the standard rate) 
is payable in respect of transactions executed on certain qualifying regulated markets or multilateral 
trading facilities.  
The FTT due in respect of derivative transactions referencing Relevant Instruments including securitised 
derivatives is payable by both counterparties to a transaction. However, the FTT does not apply where 
one of the parties to the transaction is the European Union, the ECB (European Central Bank), central 
banks of the EU Member States, foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official reserves of 
a foreign State, or international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements 
which have entered into force in Italy. Further specific exemptions exist including, inter alia, for (i) 
subjects who carry on market making activities; (ii) mandatory social security entities and pension funds 
set up according to Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005; and (iii) entities merely interposed 
in the execution of a transaction. 
The FTT is levied by the banks and other financial intermediaries (società fiduciarie e imprese di 
investimento abilitate all'esercizio professionale nei confronti del pubblico dei servizi e delle attività di 
investimento) (Intermediaries) that are involved, in any way, in the execution of the transaction and 
subsequently paid to the Italian Revenue. If more than one Intermediary is involved in the execution of 
the transaction, the FTT is levied by the Intermediary who receives the order of execution by the 
purchaser of the Relevant Instruments or, in the case of a derivative transaction or securitised derivative 
referencing a Relevant Instrument, by the counterparty to or purchaser of such derivative. Intermediaries 
not resident in Italy can appoint an Italian representative for the purposes of the FTT. If no Intermediaries 
are involved in the execution of the transaction, the relevant FTT must be paid by each relevant party to 
the transaction themselves. 
Taxation in Germany 
The following is a general discussion of certain German tax consequences of the acquisition, holding and 
disposal of Notes. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all German tax considerations that 
may be relevant to a decision to purchase Notes, and, in particular, does not consider any specific facts or 
circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. This summary is based on the tax laws of Germany 
currently in force and as applied on the date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to change, possibly 
with retroactive or retrospective effect. 
As each Series or Tranche of Notes may be subject to a different tax treatment due to the specific terms of such 
Series or Tranche of Notes as set out in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the following section only provides 
some general information on the possible tax treatment. Tax consequences that may arise if an investor 
combines certain series of Notes so that he or she derives a certain return are not discussed herein. 
The law as currently in effect provides for a reduced tax rate for certain investment income. There is an on-
going discussion in Germany as to whether the reduced tax rate should be increased or abolished altogether 
so that investment income would be taxed at regular rates. It is still unclear, whether, how and when the current 
discussion may result in any legislative changes.  
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership and disposal of Notes, including the effect of any state, local or church taxes, under the 
tax laws of Germany and any country in which they are resident or whose tax laws apply to them for other 
reasons. 
German Tax Residents 
The section "German Tax Residents" refers to persons who are tax residents of Germany (i.e. persons whose 
residence, habitual abode, statutory seat, or place of effective management and control is located in Germany). 
Withholding tax on on-going payments and capital gains 
On-going payments received by a non-business Noteholder will be subject to German withholding tax if the Notes 
are kept or administered in a custodial account with a German branch of a German or non-German bank or 
financial services institution, a German securities trading company or a German securities trading bank (each, a

--- Page 602 ---
- 602 - 
"Disbursing Agent", auszahlende Stelle). The tax rate is 25% (plus solidarity surcharge at a rate of 5.5% thereon, 
the total withholding being 26.375%). For individual Noteholders who are subject to church tax, an electronic 
information system for church withholding tax purposes applies in relation to investment income, with the effect 
that church tax will be collected by the Disbursing Agent by way of withholding unless the investor has filed a 
blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Central Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern) in 
which case the investor will be assessed to church tax. 
The same treatment applies to capital gains (i.e. the difference between the proceeds from the disposal, 
redemption, repayment or assignment after deduction of expenses directly related to the disposal, redemption, 
repayment or assignment and the cost of acquisition) derived by a non-business Noteholder provided the Notes 
have been kept or administered in a custodial account with the same Disbursing Agent since the time of their 
acquisition. If similar Notes kept or administered in the same custodial account were acquired at different points 
in time, the Notes first acquired will be deemed to have been sold first for the purposes of determining the capital 
gains. Where Notes are acquired and/or sold or redeemed in a currency other than Euro, the sales/redemption price 
and the acquisition costs have to be converted into Euro on the basis of the foreign exchange rates prevailing on 
the sale or redemption date and the acquisition date respectively with the result that any currency gains or losses 
are part of the capital gains. If the Issuer exercises the right to substitute the Issuer of the Notes, the substitution 
might, for German tax purposes, be treated as an exchange of the Notes for new notes issued by the new Issuer. 
Such substitution could result in the recognition of a taxable gain or loss for the respective investors. The 
Substitute shall agree to indemnify each Noteholder for any tax incurred by such Noteholder relating to the 
substitution of the Issuer pursuant to the relevant provisions as set out in the Applicable Transaction Terms. The 
indemnities to be paid may constitute taxable income. If interest coupons or interest claims are disposed of 
separately (i.e. without the Notes), the proceeds from the disposal are subject to withholding tax. The same applies 
to proceeds from the payment of interest coupons or interest claims if the Notes have been disposed of separately. 
If Notes qualifying as a forward/future or option transaction (Termingeschäft) according to sec. 20 para. 2 sent. 1 
no. 3 German Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz) are settled by a cash payment, capital gains realised upon 
exercise (i.e. the cash amount received minus directly related costs and expenses, e.g. the acquisition costs) are 
subject to withholding tax. In the event of physical delivery, the acquisition costs of such Notes plus any additional 
sum paid upon exercise are generally regarded as acquisition costs of the underlying assets received upon physical 
settlement. Withholding tax may then apply to any gain resulting from the subsequent disposal, redemption, 
repayment or assignment of the assets received, in particular if they are securities In case of certain assets being 
the underlying (e.g. commodities or currencies) a subsequent sale of the underlying received may not be subject 
to German withholding tax as outlined in this section but any disposal gain may be fully taxable at the personal 
income tax rate of the non-business Noteholder. 
In case of a physical settlement (not qualifying as forward/future or option transactions) of certain Notes which 
grant the Issuer the right to physically deliver the underlying securities or the Noteholder to demand the physical 
delivery of the underlying securities instead of a cash payment, upon physical delivery the acquisition costs of the 
Notes may be regarded as proceeds from the disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment of the Notes and 
hence as acquisition costs of the underlying securities received by the non-business Noteholder upon physical 
settlement; any consideration received by the Noteholder in addition to the underlying securities may be subject 
to withholding tax. To the extent the provision mentioned above is applicable, generally no withholding tax has 
to be withheld by the Disbursing Agent upon physical settlement as such exchange of the Notes into the underlying 
securities does not result in a taxable gain for the non-business Noteholder. However, withholding tax may then 
apply to any gain resulting from the disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment of the securities received in 
exchange for the Notes. In this case, the gain will be the difference between the proceeds from the disposal, 
redemption, repayment or assignment of the underlying securities and the acquisition costs of the Notes (after 
deduction of expenses related directly to the disposal, if any). 
To the extent the Notes have not been kept or administered in a custodial account with the same Disbursing Agent 
since the time of their acquisition, upon the disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment withholding tax 
applies at a rate of 26.375% (including solidarity surcharge, plus church tax, if applicable) on 30% of the disposal 
proceeds (plus interest accrued on the Notes ("Accrued Interest", Stückzinsen), if any), unless the current 
Disbursing Agent has been notified of the actual acquisition costs of the Notes by the previous Disbursing Agent 
or by a statement of a bank or financial services institution from another Member State of the European Union or 
the European Economic Area or from certain other countries(e.g. Switzerland or Andorra). 
Pursuant to administrative guidance losses incurred by a Noteholder from bad debt (Forderungsausfall) or a 
waiver of a receivable (Forderungsverzicht) are generally not tax-deductible. Despite conflicting case law of the 
Federal Tax Court (Bundesfinanzhof) in this regard and a new legislation (see below) the Disbursing Agent has to

--- Page 603 ---
- 603 - 
follow the view of the tax authorities expressed in the administrative guidance when computing the tax to be 
withheld. It is not yet clear if and to what extent the tax authorities will reflect the recent developments in their 
interpretation of the law. The same rules should apply if the Notes expire worthless.  
According to administrative guidance, where a Note qualifies as a full risk security (Vollrisikozertifikat) which 
provides for several payments to be made to the Noteholder such payments shall qualify as taxable investment 
income, unless the terms and conditions of the Notes explicitly provide for the redemption or partial redemption 
during the term of the Notes and these terms and conditions are complied with. Should the terms and conditions 
of these certificates not provide for payment at maturity or no such payment be made because the underlying value 
of the certificate has left a defined range, the acquisition cost of the certificate can now generally be taken into 
account as tax deductible loss subject to the further restrictions described below. 
In computing any German tax to be withheld, the Disbursing Agent generally deducts from the basis of the 
withholding tax negative investment income realised by a non-business Noteholder of the Notes via the Disbursing 
Agent (e.g. losses from the sale of other securities with the exception of shares). The Disbursing Agent also 
deducts Accrued Interest on the Notes or other securities paid separately upon the acquisition of the respective 
security by a non-business Noteholder via the Disbursing Agent. In addition, subject to certain requirements and 
restrictions, the Disbursing Agent credits foreign withholding taxes levied on investment income in a given year 
regarding securities held by a non-business Noteholder in the custodial account with the Disbursing Agent. 
Non-business Noteholders are entitled to an annual allowance (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) of EUR 801 (EUR 1,602 
for couples and partners filing jointly) for all investment income received in a given year. Upon the non-business 
Noteholder filing an exemption certificate (Freistellungsauftrag) with the Disbursing Agent, the Disbursing Agent 
will take the allowance into account when computing the amount of tax to be withheld. No withholding tax will 
be deducted if the Noteholder has submitted to the Disbursing Agent a certificate of non-assessment 
(Nichtveranlagungs-Bescheinigung) issued by the competent local tax office. 
German withholding tax will not apply to gains from the disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment of Notes 
held by a corporation while ongoing payments, such as interest payments, are subject to withholding tax 
(irrespective of any deductions of foreign tax and capital losses incurred). The same may apply where the Notes 
form part of a trade or business, subject to further requirements being met.  
Taxation of current income and capital gains  
The personal income tax liability of a non-business Noteholder deriving income from capital investments under 
the Notes is, in principle, settled by the tax withheld. To the extent withholding tax has not been levied, such as 
in the case of Notes kept in custody abroad or if no Disbursing Agent is involved in the payment process, the non-
business Noteholder must report his or her income and capital gains derived from the Notes on his or her tax return 
and then will also be taxed at a rate of 25% (plus solidarity surcharge and church tax thereon, where applicable). 
If the withholding tax on a disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment has been calculated from 30% of the 
disposal proceeds (rather than from the actual gain), a non-business Noteholder may, and in case the actual gain 
is higher than 30% of the disposal proceeds must also, apply for an assessment on the basis of his or her actual 
acquisition costs. Further, a non-business Noteholder may request that all investment income of a given year is 
taxed at his or her lower individual tax rate based upon an assessment to tax with any amounts over withheld 
being refunded. In each case, the deduction of expenses (other than transaction costs) on an itemised basis is not 
permitted.  
The offsetting of losses incurred by a non-business Noteholder is subject to several restrictions. Losses incurred 
with respect to the Notes can only be offset against investment income of the non-business Noteholder realised in 
the same or the following years. Any losses realised upon the disposal of shares in stock corporations received in 
exchange for the Notes can only be offset against capital gains deriving from the disposal of shares. According to 
recently introduced legislation losses from capital claims of private investors can now be offset against income 
derived from capital investments up to an amount of EUR 20,000.00 p.a. Further, losses from Notes which qualify 
for tax purposes as forward/futures transactions may only be applied against profits from other forward/futures 
transactions, and only up to an amount of EUR 20,000.00 in a given year. Losses exceeding any of these thresholds 
can be carried forward. 
Where Notes form part of a trade or business, the withholding tax, if any, will not settle the personal or corporate 
income tax liability. Where Notes form part of a trade or business, interest (accrued) must be taken into account 
as income. Where Notes qualify as zero coupon notes and form part of a trade or business, each year the part of 
the difference between the issue or purchase price and the redemption amount attributable to such year must be

--- Page 604 ---
- 604 - 
taken into account. The respective Noteholder will have to report income and related (business) expenses on the 
tax return and the balance will be taxed at the Noteholder's applicable tax rate. Withholding tax levied, if any, will 
be credited against the personal or corporate income tax of the Noteholder. Where Notes form part of a German 
trade or business, the current income and gains from the disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment of the 
Notes may also be subject to German trade tax. Where according to an applicable accounting standard Notes 
include an embedded derivative, the Noteholder may have to account for a receivable and a derivative. The 
deduction of losses from derivatives may be ring-fenced as discussed below. 
Generally the deductibility of capital losses from Notes which qualify for tax purposes as forward/future or option 
transactions and which form part of a trade or business is limited. These losses may only be applied against profits 
from other forward/future or option transactions derived in the same or, subject to certain restrictions, the previous 
year. Otherwise these losses can be carried forward indefinitely and, within certain limitations, applied against 
profits from forward/future or option transactions in subsequent years. This generally does not apply to 
forward/future or option transactions hedging risks from the Noteholder's ordinary business, unless the underlying 
of the hedge is a stock in a corporation. Further special rules apply to credit institutions, financial services 
institutions and finance companies within the meaning of the German Banking Act. 
In the case of physically settled Notes, special limitations may apply to losses from the disposal of an underlying 
which is a share in a corporation or a unit of an equity investment fund. 
German Investment Taxation 
If a Note (in particular a Note which is physically settled by delivery of fund shares, fund units or similar 
instruments or a Note which replicates the performance of an investment fund) was considered to qualify as an 
investment fund unit within the meaning of the German Investment Tax Act (Investmentsteuergesetz), tax 
consequences different from those discussed above would apply. A Noteholder subject to German taxation may 
then be required to include into his or her taxable income unrealized gains from the appreciation in value of the 
Note which may be deemed to be a portion of the fair market value of the Note at the relevant time. In general, 
the taxed unrealized gains will be deductible in computing the capital gain derived from the disposal, redemption 
or termination of the Note. 
Non-German Tax Residents 
Interest and capital gains are not subject to German taxation, unless (i) the Notes form part of the business property 
of a permanent establishment, including a permanent representative, or a fixed base maintained in Germany by 
the Noteholder or (ii) the income otherwise constitutes German-source income. In cases (i) and (ii), a tax regime 
similar to that explained above in the subsection "German Tax Residents" applies. 
Non-residents of Germany are, in general, exempt from German withholding tax on interest and capital gains. 
However, where the income is subject to German taxation as set forth in the preceding paragraph and the Notes 
are kept or administered in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent, withholding tax may be levied under 
certain circumstances. Where Notes are not kept in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent and interest or 
proceeds from the disposal, assignment or redemption of a Note or an interest coupon are paid by a Disbursing 
Agent to a non-resident upon delivery of the Notes or interest coupons, withholding tax generally will also apply. 
The withholding tax may be refunded based on an assessment to tax or under an applicable tax treaty.  
Solidarity surcharge 
Pursuant to recently introduced legislation, the solidarity surcharge is partially abolished for certain individuals. 
The solidarity surcharge shall, however, continue to apply for investment income and, thus, on withholding taxes 
levied. In case the individual income tax burden for a non-business Noteholder tax resident in Germany is lower 
than 25% such Noteholder can apply for his/her investment income being assessed at his/her individual tariff-
based income tax rate in which case solidarity surcharge would be refunded (see above). 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
No inheritance or gift taxes with respect to any Notes will arise under the laws of Germany, if, in the case of 
inheritance tax, neither the deceased nor the beneficiary, or, in the case of gift tax, neither the donor nor the donee, 
is a resident of Germany and such Note is not attributable to a German trade or business for which a permanent 
establishment is maintained, or a permanent representative has been appointed, in Germany. Exceptions from this 
rule apply to certain German expatriates.

--- Page 605 ---
- 605 - 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue or registration taxes or similar duties will be payable in Germany in connection with the issuance, 
delivery or execution of the Notes. Currently, net assets tax (Vermögensteuer) is not levied in Germany. 
Peru 
The discussion in this offering memorandum regarding Peruvian tax considerations is not intended or written to 
be used and cannot be used or relied upon by any person, for the purpose of avoiding Peruvian taxation, and was 
written to support the promotion or marketing of this offering. Prospective investors should consult an 
independent tax advisor with respect to the Peruvian tax consequences of acquiring, owning or disposing of the 
Notes. 
The following is a general summary of certain material Peruvian tax consequences that may be relevant with 
respect to the purchase, ownership or disposition of the Notes by non-Peruvian and Peruvian holders. This 
summary is not intended to be a comprehensive description of all Peruvian tax considerations that may be relevant 
to a decision by non-Peruvian holders to make an investment in the Notes. 
For purposes of this section, "non-Peruvian holder" means (i) any individual who is not domiciled in Peru; and, 
(ii) any legal entity incorporated outside of Peru, provided that it does not conduct any trade or business through 
a permanent establishment in Peru or hold the Notes through a Peruvian branch. A non-Peruvian individual will 
be deemed domiciled in Peru for tax purposes if such individual has resided or has remained in Peru for more than 
183 calendar days during any 12-month period. The change on the condition of residence will be effective as of 
January 1 of the following calendar year. 
For purposes of this section, the term "Peruvian holder" means a beneficial owner of a Note who, for Peruvian 
income tax purposes, is treated as a resident of Peru. A legal entity is treated as a Peruvian tax resident whether it 
has been incorporated in Peru, or it is deemed to be a permanent establishment in Peru of a foreign entity. An 
individual is deemed to be a Peruvian tax resident if such individual (i) is a Peruvian citizen and has a regular 
residence in Peru, or (ii) is not a Peruvian citizen but has resided in Peru for a period of at least 183 calendar days 
during any 12-month period. 
The following considerations are general, and consequences may vary if a tax treaty signed by Peru is applicable. 
The tax treaties currently in force are those signed with Chile, Canada, Brazil, Portugal, Mexico, Korea, 
Switzerland, Japan (as of January 1, 2022) and the Decision No. 578 applicable to countries that are members of 
the Andean Community (Colombia, Ecuador, Bolivia and Peru). If a non-Peruvian holder of the Notes is a resident 
of any of those countries, we recommend consulting an independent tax advisor. 
Income tax 
(a) 
Payment of interest 
As: (i) the Issuer of the Notes is a company that does not qualify as an entity domiciled in Peru for 
purposes of the Peruvian Income Tax Law (Ley del Impuesto a la Renta), whose Unified Text has been 
approved by Supreme Decree N° 179-2004-EF, as amended, and its regulations, approved by Supreme 
Decree N° 122-94-EF, as amended; and, (ii) the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes will not be 
directly placed or economically used in Peru; interest paid on the Notes to non-Peruvian holders will not 
be subject to Peruvian income tax. 
On the other hand, interest paid on the Notes to Peruvian holders (companies incorporated and domiciled 
in Peru and individuals domiciled in Peru) will be taxable income of foreign source under Peruvian 
Income Tax Law and its regulations. Accordingly, Peruvian holders should include such interest within 
their foreign source taxable income, considering that the positive balance after off-setting such taxable 
income against their foreign source losses (except for losses generated in a "non-cooperative", "low tax", 
"zero tax" or "preferential tax regime" countries or territories, as defined under Peruvian Income Tax 
Law and its regulations) should be incorporated within their net taxable income for purposes of their 
annual income tax return. 
(b) 
Sale of the Notes 
Proceeds received by a non-Peruvian holder on a sale, exchange or disposition of the Notes will not be 
subject to Peruvian income tax.

--- Page 606 ---
- 606 - 
Proceeds received by Peruvian holders on a sale, exchange or disposition of the Notes, will be taxable 
income of foreign source under Peruvian Income Tax Law and its regulations, and Peruvian holders 
should include such proceeds within their foreign source taxable income, considering that the positive 
balance after off-setting such taxable income against their foreign source losses (except for losses 
generated in a "non-cooperative", "low tax", "zero tax" or "preferential tax regime" countries or 
territories, as defined under Peruvian Income Tax Law and its regulations), should be incorporated within 
their net taxable income for purposes of their annual income tax return. 
(c) 
Redemption of the Notes 
Any premium received by a non-Peruvian holder upon an early redemption of the Notes will not be 
subject to Peruvian income tax.  
Any premium received by Peruvian holders upon an early redemption of the Notes, will be taxable 
income of foreign source under Peruvian Income Tax Law and its regulations, and Peruvian holders 
should include such premium within their foreign source taxable income, considering that the positive 
balance after off-setting such taxable income against their foreign source losses (except for losses 
generated in a "non-cooperative", "low tax", "zero tax" or "preferential tax regime" countries or 
territories, as defined under Peruvian Income Tax Law and its regulations), should be incorporated within 
their net taxable income for purposes of their annual income tax return. 
Non-Peruvian holders of the Notes should consult an independent tax advisor regarding the specific Peruvian 
income tax considerations of, among others, acquiring, owning or disposing of the Notes. 
Value added tax 
Interests paid on the Notes are not subject to Peruvian Value added tax (Impuesto General a las Ventas, or "VAT"). 
The sale, exchange or disposition of the Notes is not subject to VAT. 
Financial transaction tax 
In Peru, there is a financial transactions tax or "FTT", which taxes at a rate of 0.005% any debit or credit made in 
an account opened with a Peruvian bank or any other financial institution, within the Peruvian Financial System 
or "PFS", either in Peruvian or foreign currency. Therefore, the issue price paid for the Notes deposited in a PFS 
bank account will be subject to FTT, as will the subsequent withdrawal of that amount. Likewise, interest and 
principal paid from or deposited in a PFS bank account will also be subject to the FTT. The taxpayer of the FTT 
is the holder of the PFS bank account. 
Poland 
General information 
The following is a discussion of certain Polish tax considerations relevant to an investor resident in Poland or 
which is otherwise subject to Polish taxation. This statement should not be deemed to be tax advice. It is based on 
Polish tax laws and, as its interpretation refers to the position as at the date of this Base Prospectus, it may thus 
be subject to change, including a change with retroactive effect. Any change may negatively affect the tax 
treatment, as described below. This description does not purport to be complete with respect to all tax information 
that may be relevant to investors due to their individual circumstances. Prospective purchasers of Notes are 
advised to consult their professional tax adviser regarding the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, 
disposal, redemption or transfer without consideration of Notes. 
The reference to "interest" as well as to any other terms in the paragraphs below means "interest" or any other 
term as understood in Polish tax law.  
Taxation of a Polish tax resident individual 
Under Art. 3.1 of the Personal Income Tax Act dated 26 July (the "PIT Act"), natural persons, if residing in the 
Republic of Poland, are liable for tax on their total income (revenue) irrespective of the location of the sources of 
revenue (unlimited obligation to pay tax).

--- Page 607 ---
- 607 - 
Under Art. 3.1a of the PIT Act, a Polish tax resident individual is a natural person who (i) has his/her centre of 
personal or business interests located in Poland or (ii) stays in Poland for longer than 183 days in a year, unless 
any relevant tax treaty dictates otherwise. 
(a) 
Withholding Tax on Interest Income 
According to Article 30a.7 of the PIT Act, interest income, including discount, derived by a Polish tax 
resident individual does not cumulate with general income subject to the progressive tax rate but under 
Art.30a.1.2 of the PIT Act it is subject to 19% flat-rate tax. 
Under Article 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which 
have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher 
than 19% tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the Polish tax liability. Particular double 
tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Under Article 41.4 of the PIT Act, the interest payer, other than an individual not acting within the scope 
of his/her business activity, should withhold the Polish 19% tax upon any interest payment. 
Under Article. 41.4d of the PIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts for the individuals, acting 
as tax remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest income (revenue) has been earned 
in the territory of Poland and is connected with securities registered in the said accounts, and the interest 
payment to the individual (the taxpayer) is made through said entities; this principle also applies to 
remitters who are payers of corporate income tax and are subject to limited tax liability in Poland, to the 
extent they conduct their business through a foreign establishment and it is to that establishment's 
operations that the securities account is linked. 
There are no regulations defining in which cases income earned (revenue) by a Polish tax resident should 
be considered income (revenue) earned in Poland. However, it cannot be excluded that in practice the 
tax authorities will apply the regulations concerning non-residents. Pursuant to Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act, 
income (revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by non-residents shall include in particular income 
(revenues) from: 
1. 
work performed in the Republic of Poland based on a service relationship, employment 
relationship, outwork system and co-operative employment relationship irrespective of the 
place where remuneration is paid; 
2. 
activity performed in person in the Republic of Poland irrespective of the place where 
remuneration is paid; 
3. 
economic activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign establishment 
located in the Republic of Poland; 
4. 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, including from 
its disposal in whole or in part, or from disposal of any rights to such property; 
5. 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the Republic of 
Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from the 
disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them; 
6. 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a partnership 
without legal personality, or participation in an investment fund, a collective investment 
undertaking or other legal entity and rights of similar character or from receivables being a 
consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations, participation or rights – if at least 
50% of the value of assets of this company, partnership, investment fund, collective investment 
undertaking or legal entity is constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable properties located 
in the Republic of Poland, or rights to such immovable properties; 
7. 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar rights in a 
real estate company (as defined in the PIT Act);  
8. 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by natural 
persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their place of

--- Page 608 ---
- 608 - 
residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of Poland, irrespective of the 
place of concluding and performing the agreement; and 
9. 
unrealised gains as referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
The above list is not exhaustive; therefore, the tax authorities may also consider that income (revenues) 
not listed above is sourced in Poland. 
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a Polish tax 
resident individual from the Notes is considered to be income sourced in Poland and whether the entity 
operating the securities account for the individual will withhold the tax. Since the Issuer is not a Polish 
entity as a rule interest from Notes should not be considered as earned in the territory of Poland, unless 
specific situation occurs (eg the Notes are admitted to public trading in Poland). 
Although this is not clearly regulated in Polish tax law, in fact, foreign entities do not act as Polish 
withholding tax remitters (save when such foreign entities operate by way of a branch that constitutes a 
tax establishment in Poland). Therefore, it should be expected that the issuer itself or a non-Polish entity 
operating the securities account for the individual will not withhold the tax. 
Under Art. 45.3b of the PIT Act, if the tax is not withheld, the individual is obliged to settle the tax 
himself/herself, and the tax should be settled by 30 April of the following year. 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held on Polish omnibus accounts (within 
the meaning of the provision of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, hereinafter Omnibus 
Accounts). Under Article 41.10 of the PIT Act, insofar as securities registered in Omnibus Accounts are 
concerned, the entities operating Omnibus Accounts through which the amounts due are paid are liable 
to withhold the flat-rate income tax on interest income. The tax is charged on the day of placing the 
amounts due at the disposal of the Omnibus Account holder. This rule also applies to remitters who are 
payers of corporate income tax and are subject to limited tax liability in Poland, to the extent they conduct 
their business through a foreign establishment and it is to that establishment's operations that the 
securities account is linked. 
Pursuant to Article 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred to 
taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not 
been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19% 
flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter (under Article. 41.10 of the PIT Act the entity operating the 
Omnibus Account) from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers 
through the Omnibus Account holder. 
 Under Art. 45.3c of the PIT Act, taxpayers are obliged to disclose the amount of interest (discount) on 
securities (including the Notes referred to herein) in the annual tax return if the Notes were registered in 
Omnibus Account and the taxpayer's identity was not revealed to the tax remitter.  
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which 
have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher 
than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the Polish tax liability. Double tax 
treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
(a) 
Other income 
Income other than interest derived by a Polish tax resident individual from financial instruments, such as 
the Notes, held as non-business assets, qualify as capital income according to Article 17 of the PIT Act. 
Such income does not cumulate with the general income subject to the progressive tax scale but is subject 
to a 19% flat-rate tax. The costs of acquiring the financial instruments are recognised at the time the 
revenue is achieved. If the price expressed in the contract without a valid reason significantly deviates 
from the market value, the amount of income is determined by the tax authority or fiscal control authority 
in the amount of the market value. 
 In principle, this income should be settled by the taxpayer by 30 April of the year following the year in 
which the income was earned. No tax or tax advances are withheld by the person making the payments.  
(b) 
Notes held as business assets

--- Page 609 ---
- 609 - 
If an individual holds the Notes as a business asset, in principle, interest and other income, such as income 
from a transfer of Notes against a consideration, should be taxed in the same way as other business 
income. The tax, at 19% flat rate or the 18% to 32% progressive tax rate depending on the choice and 
meeting of certain conditions, should be settled by the individual themselves. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer  
Under Art. 3.1 of the Corporate Income Tax Act dated 15 February 1992 (the "CIT Act") the entire income of 
taxpayers who have their registered office or management in Poland is subject to tax obligation in Poland, 
irrespective of where the income is earned. 
The appropriate tax rate is the same as the tax rate applicable to business activity, ie 19 per cent. for a regular 
corporate income taxpayer or 9 per cent. for small and new taxpayers. 
A Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer is subject to income tax in respect of the securities (including any 
capital gains and on interest/discount) following the same principles as those which apply to any other income 
received from business activity within the same source of income, called capital profits (zyski kapitałowe). In the 
case of insurers, banks and some other entities (financial institutions), this revenue is included in revenues other 
than revenues from capital gains. As a rule, for Polish income tax purposes interest is recognised as revenue on a 
cash basis, i.e. when it is received and not when it has accrued. In respect of capital gains, the cost of acquiring 
the Notes will be recognised at the time the revenue is achieved. If the price expressed in the contract, without a 
valid reason, significantly deviates from the market value, the revenue amount is determined by the tax authority 
in the amount of the market value. The taxpayer itself (without the involvement of the tax remitter) settles tax on 
interest (discount) or capital gains on securities, which is aggregated with other income derived from business 
operations conducted by the taxpayer. 
Although no Polish withholding tax should apply on interest payable to Polish corporate income taxpayers, under 
specific rules applying to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts, under Art. 26.2a of the CIT 
Act, for income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in 
Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading 
in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income 
(revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. If such tax is 
withheld for a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer, to receive a refund of such tax, the entity should 
contact its tax advisor. 
Any withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which have not concluded any tax treaty with 
Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher than the tax calculated in accordance with 
the applicable domestic tax rate, can be deducted from the Polish tax liability. Double tax treaties can provide 
other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Notes held by a non-Polish tax resident (natural person or corporation) 
Under Art. 3.2a of the PIT Act, natural persons, if they do not reside in Poland, are liable to pay tax only on 
income (revenue) earned in Poland (limited obligation to pay tax). 
Under Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act, in the case of taxpayers who do not have their registered office or management in 
Poland, only the income they earn in Poland is subject to tax obligation in Poland. 
Non-Polish tax resident individuals and corporate income taxpayers are subject to Polish income tax only with 
respect to their income earned in Poland. Under Art. 3.3 of the CIT Act, income (revenues) earned in the Republic 
of Poland by non-residents shall include in particular income (revenues) from: 
1. 
all types of activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign establishment located 
in the Republic of Poland; 
2. 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, including from its 
disposal in whole or in part, or from the disposal of any rights to such property; 
3. 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the Republic of Poland as 
part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from the disposal of these securities 
or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them;

--- Page 610 ---
- 610 - 
4. 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a partnership without 
legal personality, or participation in an investment fund, a collective investment undertaking or other 
legal entity and rights of similar character or from receivables being a consequence of holding those 
shares, rights and obligations, participation or rights - if at least 50% of the value of assets of this 
company, partnership, investment fund, collective investment undertaking or legal entity is constituted, 
directly or indirectly, by immovable properties located in the Republic of Poland, or rights to such 
immovable properties; 
5. 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar rights in a real 
estate company (as defined in the CIT Act);  
6. 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by natural persons, 
legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their place of residence, registered 
office, or management board in the Republic of Poland, irrespective of the place of concluding or 
performing the agreement; and 
7. 
unrealised gains referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
Similar provisions are included in Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act.  
It should be noted that the list of incomes (revenues) gained in Poland, as provided in Art. 3.3. of the CIT Act and 
Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act is not exhaustive, therefore, other income (revenues) may also be considered as earned 
in Poland. 
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a Polish tax resident 
from the Notes is considered to be income sourced in Poland. However, since the issuer is not a Polish entity, 
income from the Notes should not be considered as earned in Poland and no Polish withholding tax should apply, 
unless specific circumstances occur, e.g. the Notes are admitted to public trading in Poland. 
If income from the Notes is considered as soured in Poland, the following applies: 
(a) 
Special exemption for notes meeting special conditions 
Under Art. 17.1.50c of the CIT Act, tax-free income is income earned by a CIT taxpayer subject to 
limited tax liability in Poland in respect of interest or a discount on notes: 
(i) 
having a maturity of at least one year; 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or introduced into an alternative trading system within 
the meaning of the Act of 29 July 2005 on Trading in Financial Instruments, in the territory of 
Poland or in the territory of a state that is a party to a double tax convention concluded with 
Poland which regulates the taxation of income from dividends, interest and royalties; 
unless the taxpayer is an affiliate, within the meaning of the transfer pricing law, of the issuer of such 
notes, and holds, directly or indirectly, together with other affiliates within the meaning of those 
regulations, more than 10% of the nominal value of those notes. 
Under Art. 26.1aa-1ac of the CIT Act, remitters are not obliged to withhold tax on interest or discount in 
respect of the notes meeting the above requirements, provided that the issuer submits to the tax authority 
a declaration that it has acted with due diligence in informing affiliates, within the meaning of the transfer 
pricing provisions, about the exemption conditions applying to those affiliates. The declaration is made 
once in relation to a given issue of notes, not later than the date of the payment of interest or discount on 
the notes. 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax (Art. 21.1.130c and Art. 41.24-26 of the PIT Act). 
(b) 
Failure to meet the conditions for a special exemption 
In the absence of the exemption referred to above, the following rules apply. 
In the case of taxpayers subject to limited tax liability in Poland, the interest (discount) on the Notes 
earned in the Polish territory is taxed as a general rule at a flat rate of 20 per cent. in the case of corporate

--- Page 611 ---
- 611 - 
income tax payers (Art. 21.1.1 of the CIT Act) or 19 per cent. in the case of natural persons (Art. 30a.1.2 
of the PIT Act). Under Art. 26.1 of the CIT Act, interest payers, other than individuals not acting within 
the scope of their business activity, should withhold this tax and a similar provisions are provided in Art. 
41.4 of the PIT Act. 
Under Art. 26.2c.1 of the CIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts and Omnibus Accounts for 
taxpayers, acting as tax remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest income (revenue) 
was earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in said accounts, and the interest 
payment to the taxpayer is made through said entities. Although it is considered that foreign entities do 
not act as Polish tax remitters, according to the discussed provision, this obligation applies to non-
residents to the extent they operate a permanent establishment in Poland and the account, on which 
securities are registered, is linked to the activity of this permanent establishment. Similar provisions 
concerning interest payments to individuals are provided in Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act. 
The described rules of taxation may be modified by the relevant provisions of double tax treaties 
concluded by Poland, based on which a reduced tax rate or income tax exemption may apply to income 
(revenue) obtained from interest/discount (Art. 21.2 of the CIT Act, Art. 30a.2 of the PIT Act). To benefit 
from the tax rate or income tax exemption under the tax treaty, the taxpayer should present a valid 
certificate of its tax residence. As a rule, the tax residence certificate is considered valid for twelve 
consecutive months from its date of issue. 
Moreover, many tax treaties provide protection only for beneficial owners. Pursuant to Art. 4a.29 of the 
CIT Act and, respectively, Art. 5a.33d of the PIT Act, beneficial owner means an entity meeting all of 
the following conditions: 
(i) 
it receives the amount due for its own benefit, which includes deciding independently about its 
purpose, and bears the economic risk associated with the loss of that receivable or part of it; 
(ii) 
it is not an intermediary, representative, trustee, or another entity legally or actually obliged to 
transfer the receivable in whole or in part to another entity; and 
(iii) 
it conducts real business activity in the country of its registration, if the receivables are obtained 
in connection with the conducted business activity. 
The majority of double tax treaties concluded by Poland provide for an exemption from income tax on 
capital gains, including income from the sale of notes obtained in Poland by a tax resident of a given 
country. 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts. In cases where 
Polish withholding tax should not apply on interest payable to non-Polish tax residents (natural persons 
or corporate income taxpayers), under specific rules applicable to interest income on securities held in 
Omnibus Accounts there is a risk that such tax would be withheld. Under Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, with 
respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities 
registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance 
with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20% flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from 
the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus 
Account holder. Under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest 
transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose 
identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial 
Instruments, a 19% flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) 
released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. If such tax is withheld 
for non-Polish tax resident taxpayers, to receive a refund of such tax, the entity should contact its tax 
advisor regarding a refund of such tax. 
If a foreign recipient of income acts through a permanent establishment in Poland, as a matter of principle 
it should be treated in the same manner as a Polish tax resident, with some necessary additional 
requirements (eg the requirement to present the interest payer with a certificate of tax residence along 
with a declaration that the interest is related to the establishment's activities). 
(c) 
Special provisions on withholding tax on large payments.

--- Page 612 ---
- 612 - 
In addition to the rules set out above, in the event of failure to meet the conditions for a special exemption, 
the following regime applies. 
Corporate income tax 
Under Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act, if the total amount paid out on account of the items listed in Art. 21.1 
of the CIT Act (including interest on notes) and Art. 22.1 of the CIT Act to the same taxpayer exceeds 
PLN 2,000,000 in the tax year of the payer, payers are, as a general rule, required to withhold, on the day 
of payment, a flat-rate income tax at the basic rate (20 per cent. in the case of interest/discount on notes) 
from the excess over that amount, without being able not to withhold that tax on the basis of an 
appropriate double tax treaty, and also without taking into account exemptions or rates resulting from 
special regulations or double tax treaties (hereinafter the Obligation to Withhold Tax). 
Under Art. 26.2i and 26.2j of the CIT Act, if the payer's tax year is longer or shorter than 12 months, the 
amount to which the Obligation to Withhold Tax applies is calculated by multiplying 1/12 of PLN 
2,000,000 and the number of months that have begun in the tax year in which the payment was made; if 
the calculation of that amount is not possible by reference to the payer's tax year, the Obligation to 
Withhold Tax shall apply accordingly to the payer's current financial year and, in its absence, with respect 
to the payer's other period with features specific to the financial year, not longer however than 23 
consecutive months. 
Under Art. 26.2k of the CIT Act, if the payment was made in a foreign currency, to determine whether 
the amount to which the Obligation to Withhold Tax applies was exceeded, the amounts paid are 
converted into PLN at the average exchange rate published by the National Bank of Poland on the last 
business day preceding the payment day. 
Under Art. 26.2l of the CIT Act, if it is not possible to determine the amount paid to the same taxpayer, 
it is presumed that it exceeded the amount from which the Obligation to Withhold Tax applies. 
Under Art. 26.7a of the CIT Act, the Obligation to Withhold Tax does not apply if the payer has declared 
that: 
(i) 
it holds the documents required by the tax law for the application of the tax rate or tax exemption 
or non-taxation under special regulations or double tax treaties; 
(ii) 
after the verification of the conditions to apply an exemption or reduced withholding tax rate 
resulting from special regulations or double tax treaties, it is not aware of any grounds for the 
assumption that there are circumstances that exclude the possibility of applying the tax rate or 
tax exemption or non-taxation under special regulations or double tax treaties, in particular it is 
not aware of the existence of circumstances preventing the fulfilment of certain conditions 
referred to in other regulations, including the fact that the interest recipient is their beneficial 
owner and, if the interest is obtained in connection with the business activity conducted by the 
taxpayer, that in the country of tax residence the taxpayer carries on the actual business activity. 
The above is to be declared by the head of the unit within the meaning of the Accounting Act (eg the 
Issuer's management board), specifying his/her position. The declaration cannot be made by proxy. The 
declaration is to be made by in electronic form not later than the payment day (Art. 26.7b and 26.7c of 
the CIT Act). 
In the case of withholding tax as a result of the Obligation to Withhold Tax, if double tax treaties or 
special regulations provide for a tax exemption or reduced tax rate, the taxpayer or tax remitter (if the 
taxpayer has paid tax with its own funds and has borne the economic burden of such tax, eg as a result 
of a gross-up clause) may apply for a refund of that tax by submitting the relevant documents and 
declarations. When recognizing that the refund is justified, the tax authorities shall carry it out within six 
months. 
Pursuant to the Regulation of the Minister of Finance dated 31 December 2018 regarding the exclusion 
or limited application of Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act (the Regulation), the application of the Obligation to 
Withhold Tax is excluded inter alia in relation to the following interest payments:

--- Page 613 ---
- 613 - 
(i) 
to central banks not having their registered office or management in the territory of the Republic 
of Poland, obtained from interest on treasury bonds issued by the State Treasury on the domestic 
market and acquired from 7 November 2015; 
(ii) 
to economic units established by a state administration body jointly with other States under an 
agreement or contract, unless those agreements or contracts provide otherwise; 
(iii) 
to international organisations of which the Republic of Poland is a member; 
(iv) 
to entities with which the Republic of Poland has concluded cooperation agreements, if they 
have been exempted from corporate income tax on the receivables in question; and 
(v) 
to entities exempt from corporate income tax, provided that their name is indicated in double 
tax treaties to which the Republic of Poland is a party. 
In addition, until 31 June 2021, the Obligation to Withhold Tax is excluded in respect of interest/discount 
on notes for taxpayers having their registered office or management in the territory of a state being a 
party to a double tax treaty with the Republic of Poland which regulates the taxation of income from 
dividends, interest and royalties, if there is a legal basis for exchanging tax information with the state of 
the taxpayer's registered office or management. 
It should be noted that payments made in 2021, but before 31 December 2021, that are excluded from 
the Obligation to Withhold Tax under the Regulation, will be included in the above-mentioned limit from 
which the Obligation to Withhold Tax applies, in relation to payments made after 31 December 2021. 
The Obligation to Withhold Tax does not apply in the case of the special exemption applicable to Notes 
meeting certain conditions referred to in the section Special exemption for Notes meeting special 
conditions above, provided that the Issuer submits to the tax authority a declaration that the Issuer has 
observed due diligence in informing its affiliates, within the meaning of the provisions on transfer 
pricing, about the terms of that exemption in relation to those affiliates. The declaration is made once in 
relation to a given issue of Notes, by no later than the date of the payment of interest on the Notes. 
Personal Incomer Tax 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax, including Art. 41.12 of the PIT Act which provides 
for an analogous tax withholding obligation, while the Regulation of the Minister of Finance of 31 
December 2018 regarding the exclusion or limited application of Art. 41.12 of the PIT Act is the 
equivalent of the Regulation. 
Portugal 
General 
The following is a general summary of the Issuers' understanding of current law and practice in Portugal as in 
effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain current relevant aspects of the Notes to Portuguese 
taxation and is subject to changes in such laws, including changes that could have a retroactive effect. The 
following summary is intended as a general guide only and is not exhaustive. It is not intended to be, nor should 
it be considered to be, legal or tax advice to any beneficial owner of the Notes. It does not take into account or 
discuss the tax laws of any country other than Portugal and relates only to the position of persons who are the 
absolute beneficial owners of the Notes. Prospective investors are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to 
the Portuguese or other tax consequences resulting from the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes, 
including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Portugal and each country where they are 
resident, or are deemed to be resident. 
The reference to "interest", "other investment income" and "capital gains" in the paragraphs below means 
"interest", "other investment income" and "capital gains" as understood in Portuguese tax law. The statements 
below do not take into account any different definitions of "interest", "other investment income" or "capital 
gains" which may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the terms and conditions of the Notes 
or any related documentation. 
There is neither wealth nor estate tax in Portugal.

--- Page 614 ---
- 614 - 
Payments made by the Issuer of interest, other investment income or principal on Notes issued by it to an 
individual or legal person non-resident in Portugal for tax purposes without a permanent establishment to which 
such income may be attributable are not subject to Portuguese income tax. 
Capital gains obtained on the transfer of Notes by an individual or a legal person who is neither resident nor 
engaged in business through a permanent establishment in Portugal to which that gain is attributable are not subject 
to Portuguese income tax. 
Portuguese resident individuals 
Interest and other investment income obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on the Notes are subject to 
individual income tax. If the payment of interest or other types of investment income is made available to 
Portuguese resident individuals through a Portuguese resident entity or a Portuguese branch of a non-resident 
entity, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the final tax on that income unless the individual 
elects to aggregate it to his taxable income, subject it to tax at progressive rates varying from 14.5 per cent. up to 
48 per cent. In the latter circumstance, a solidarity surcharge is due on the part of the taxable income exceeding 
€80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000 and (ii) 
5 per cent. on the taxable income exceeding €250,000 (if any). Also, in case the individual elected to aggregate 
the interest and other investment income, the tax withheld is deemed a payment on account of the final tax due. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts in the name of 
one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding tax at a rate 
of 35 per cent., unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general rules will apply. 
If the interest and other investment income on the Notes is not received through an entity located in Portugal, it is 
not subject to Portuguese withholding tax, but an autonomous taxation rate of 28 per cent. will apply unless an 
option for aggregation is made, subject to the aforementioned progressive tax rates and a solidarity surcharge. 
Gains obtained with the repayment of the Notes are classified as capital gains for Portuguese tax purposes. 
Capital gains obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on the repayment or transfer of the Notes are taxed at a 
rate of 28 per cent. levied on the positive difference between the capital gains and capital losses realised on the 
transfer of securities and derivatives of each year, which is the final tax on that income, unless the individual 
elects to aggregate it to his taxable income, subjecting it to tax at progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. In the 
latter circumstance, a solidarity surcharge is due on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: 
(i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 and up to €250,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. on 
the taxable income exceeding €250,000 (if any). Accrued interest qualifies as interest for tax purposes. 
Portuguese resident legal entities or legal entities not resident in Portugal but with a permanent establishment 
herein 
Interest and other investment income derived from the Notes and capital gains obtained with the transfer of the 
Notes by legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non-resident legal persons with a permanent 
establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are attributable are included in their taxable profits and 
are subject to Corporate Income Tax at a 21 per cent. tax rate (a 17 per cent. rate is applicable to the first €25,000 
of taxable income obtained by small and medium sized companies, as defined in the annex of Decree-Law no. 
372/2007, of 6 November), to which a municipal surcharge (derrama municipal) of up to 1.5 per cent. of their 
taxable income may be added. A state surcharge (derrama estadual) also applies at 3 per cent. on taxable profits 
in excess of €1,500,000 and up to €7,500,000, 5 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €7,500,000 and up to 
€35,000,000, and 9 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €35,000,000. 
The acquisition of Notes through gift or inheritance by a Portuguese resident legal person or non-resident legal 
person acting through a Portuguese permanent establishment is subject to Corporate Income Tax at a 21 per cent. 
tax rate (a 17 per cent. rate is applicable to the first EUR 25,000 of taxable income obtained by small and medium 
sized companies, as defined in the annex of Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November), to which a municipal 
surcharge (derrama municipal) of up to 1.5 per cent. of their taxable income may be added. A state surcharge 
(derrama estadual) also applies at 3 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €1,500,000 and up to €7,500,000, 5 
per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €7,500,000 and up to €35,000,000, and 9 per cent. on taxable profits in 
excess of €35,000,000. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts in the name of 
one or more account holders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding tax at 35 per 
cent. unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general rules will apply.

--- Page 615 ---
- 615 - 
Administrative cooperation in the field of taxation 
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, financial institutions are required to report to the tax 
authorities of their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the state of residence) 
information regarding bank accounts, including custodial accounts, held by individual persons residing in a 
different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual persons residing in a different 
Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the Directive. The information refers to the 
account balance at the end of the calendar year, income paid or credited in the account and the proceeds from the 
sale or redemption of the financial assets paid or credited in the account during the calendar year to which the 
financial institution acted as custodian, broker, nominee, or otherwise as an agent for the account holder, among 
others. In view of the regime enacted by Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October, which has been amended 
through Law no. 98/2017, of 24 August, and Law no. 17/2019, of 14 February, all information regarding the 
registration of the financial institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations arising thereof and 
the applicable forms were duly approved. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act – Portugal 
Portugal has implemented, through Law 82-B/2014 of 31 December 2014 and Decree-Law 64/2016 of 11 October 
2016, as amended by Law 98/2017, of 24 August, and Law no. 17/2019, of 14 February, the legislation based on 
the reciprocal exchange of information with the United States of America on financial accounts subject to 
disclosure (the "Financial Reporting Regime") in order to comply with Sections 1471 through 1474 of FATCA. 
Under such legislation the Issuer will be required to obtain information regarding certain accountholders and 
report such information to the Portuguese tax authorities which, in turn, will report such information to the Inland 
Revenue Service of the United States of America. 
Singapore 
The statements made below are of a general nature and are based on certain aspects of current tax laws in 
Singapore and administrative guidelines and circulars issued by the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore 
(“IRAS”) and the Monetary Authority of Singapore ("MAS") in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus and 
are subject to any changes in such laws, administrative guidelines or circulars, or the interpretation of those laws 
or guidelines, occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. 
These laws, guidelines and circulars are also subject to various interpretations and no assurance can be given that 
the relevant tax authorities or the courts will agree with the explanations or conclusions set out below. Neither 
these statements nor any other statements in this Prospectus are intended or are to be regarded as advice on the 
tax position of any Noteholder or of any person acquiring, selling or otherwise dealing in the Notes or on any tax 
implications arising from the acquisition, sale or other dealings in respect of the Notes. The statements made 
herein do not purport to be a comprehensive or exhaustive description of all the tax considerations that may be 
relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and there may be additional taxation 
issues arising from particular types of Notes which have not been addressed in the statements. The statements also 
do not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as 
dealers in securities or financial institutions in Singapore which have been granted the relevant financial sector 
incentive (s)) may be subject to special rules or tax rates. The statements also do not consider any specific facts 
or circumstances that may apply to any particular purchaser. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their 
own professional advisers regarding their respective tax positions or any tax implications of the purchase, 
ownership or transfer of Notes, including, in particular, the effect of any foreign, state or local tax laws to which 
they are subject. 
General 
A company is tax resident in Singapore if the control and management of its business is exercised in Singapore. 
An individual is tax resident in Singapore in a year of assessment if, in the preceding year, he was physically 
present in Singapore or exercised an employment in Singapore (other than as a director of a company) for 183 
days or more, or if he resides in Singapore except for such temporary absences therefrom as may be reasonable 
and not inconsistent with a claim by such person to be tax resident in Singapore. 
Corporate taxpayers who are Singapore tax residents are subject to Singapore income tax on income accrued in 
or derived from Singapore and, subject to certain exceptions, on foreign-sourced income received or deemed to 
be received in Singapore from outside Singapore.

--- Page 616 ---
- 616 - 
However, foreign-sourced income in the form of, amongst certain other things, dividends received or deemed to 
be received in Singapore by Singapore tax residents will be exempt from income tax if certain prescribed 
conditions are met. The conditions for the exemption of foreign-sourced dividends include that the recipient must 
receive such income directly from a jurisdiction with a headline (or highest published) corporate rate of income 
tax on gains or profits from a trade or business of at least 15 per cent. and the foreign-sourced dividends (or the 
underlying income out of which the dividends were paid) must have been subject to tax in the foreign jurisdiction. 
Certain concessions and clarifications have also been announced by the IRAS with respect to the above conditions. 
Non-resident corporate taxpayers are subject to income tax on income accrued in or derived from Singapore, and 
on foreign-sourced income received in Singapore, subject to certain exceptions. 
The corporate tax rate in Singapore is currently 17 per cent.. Certain exemptions or reductions in tax rate apply  
to the first S$200,000 in chargeable income, with effect from the year of assessment 2020.  
Individual taxpayers who are Singapore tax residents are subject to Singapore income tax on income accrued in 
or derived from Singapore except for certain specified investment income. 
All foreign-sourced income received (except for income received through a partnership in Singapore) in Singapore 
by Singapore tax resident individuals will be exempt from income tax if the Comptroller is satisfied that the tax 
exemption would be beneficial to the individual. 
Non-resident individuals, subject to certain exceptions, are subject to income tax on income accrued in or derived 
from Singapore. 
The rate of tax for Singapore resident individuals is tiered, subject to a maximum rate of 22 per cent.. Non-
Singapore resident individuals are generally subject to tax at a rate equivalent to the top individual marginal tax 
rate, subject to certain exceptions. 
Dividends paid by Singapore tax resident companies 
All Singapore-resident companies are under the one-tier corporate tax system. Under this system, the tax on 
corporate profits is final and dividends paid by a Singapore resident company will be tax exempt in Singapore in 
the hands of a shareholder, regardless of whether the shareholder is a company or an individual and whether or 
not the shareholder is a Singapore tax resident. 
Interest and Other Payments on the Notes 
Subject to the following paragraphs, under section 12(6) of the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore (the 
"ITA"), the following payments are deemed to be derived from Singapore: 
(a) 
any interest, commissions, fees or any other payment in connection with any loan or indebtedness or 
with any arrangement, management, guarantee or service relating to any loan or indebtedness which is 
(i) borne, directly or indirectly, by a person resident in Singapore or a permanent establishment in 
Singapore (except in respect of any business carried on outside Singapore through a permanent 
establishment outside Singapore or any immovable property situated outside Singapore) or (ii) 
deductible against any income accruing in or derived from Singapore; or 
(b) 
any income derived from loans where the funds provided by such loans are brought into or used in 
Singapore. 
Such payments, where made to a person not known to the paying party to be a resident in Singapore for tax 
purposes, are generally subject to withholding tax in Singapore. The rate at which tax is to be withheld for such 
payments (other than those subject to the 15 per cent. final withholding tax described below) to non-resident 
persons (other than non-resident individuals) is currently 17 per cent.. The applicable rate for non-resident 
individuals is currently 22 per cent.. However, if the payment is derived by a person not resident in Singapore 
otherwise than from any trade, business, profession or vocation carried on or exercised by such person in 
Singapore and is not effectively connected with any permanent establishment in Singapore of that person, the 
payment is subject to a final withholding tax of 15 per cent. The rate of 15 per cent. may be reduced by applicable 
tax treaties.

--- Page 617 ---
- 617 - 
However, certain Singapore-sourced investment income derived by individuals from financial instruments is 
exempt from tax, including: 
(a) 
interest from debt securities derived on or after 1 January 2004; 
(b) 
discount income (not including discount income arising from secondary trading) from debt securities 
derived on or after 17 February 2006; and 
(c) 
prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost from debt securities derived on or after 15 February 
2007, 
except where such income is derived through a partnership in Singapore or is derived from the carrying on of a 
trade, business or profession. 
Exemption from Withholding Tax for payments made by Licensed Banks etc. 
Pursuant to Section 45I of the ITA, payments of income which are deemed under Section 12(6) of the ITA to be 
derived from Singapore and which are made by a specified entity shall be exempt from withholding tax if such 
payments are liable to be made by such specified entity for the purpose of its trade or business under a debt security 
which is issued during the period from 17 February 2012 to 31 March 2021 (both dates inclusive)1, provided 
further that the payment does not arise from a transaction to which the general-anti-avoidance rule in Section 33 
of the ITA applies. This withholding tax exemption has been extended until 31 December 2026 to cover debt 
securities issued by such specified entities from 17 February 2012 to 31 December 2026 (both dates inclusive)2 
pursuant to MAS Circular FDD Cir 04/2021 entitled “Tax Exemption/Waiver of Withholding Tax on Qualifying 
Payments made by Qualifying Financial Institutions” issued by MAS on 31 May 2021. 
Notwithstanding the above, permanent establishments in Singapore of non-resident persons are required to declare 
such payments in their annual income tax returns and will be assessed to tax on such payments (unless specifically 
exempt from tax). A specified entity includes a bank licensed under the Banking Act, Chapter 19 of Singapore or 
a merchant bank approved under the Monetary Authority of Singapore Act, Chapter 186 of Singapore.  
Qualifying Debt Securities Scheme 
In addition, if more than half of the nominal amount of a tranche of Notes issued as debt securities under the 
Programme are distributed by a financial sector incentive (capital market) company, a financial sector incentive 
(standard tier) company and/or a financial sector incentive (bond market) company for the purposes of the ITA 
and such tranche of Notes are debt securities issued on or before 31 December 2023, such Relevant Notes 
(hereinafter called "Relevant Notes" would be "qualifying debt securities" for the purposes of the ITA, to which 
the following treatments shall apply: 
(i) 
(in a case where payments on the Relevant Notes falls within Section 12(6) of the ITA) subject to certain 
prescribed conditions having been fulfilled (including the furnishing of a return on debt securities to the 
MAS for the Relevant Notes within such period as the MAS may specify and such other particulars in 
connection with the Relevant Notes as the MAS may require, and the inclusion by the Issuer in all 
offering documents relating to the Relevant Notes of a statement to the effect that where interest, discount 
income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost from the Relevant Notes is derived by a 
person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operation in Singapore through a 
permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption for qualifying debt securities shall not apply if 
the non-resident person acquires the Relevant Notes using funds from that person's operations through 
the Singapore permanent establishment), interest, discount income (not including discount income 
arising from secondary trading), prepayment fee, redemption premium and break cost (collectively, the 
"Qualifying Income") from the Relevant Notes, derived by a Noteholder who is not resident in 
Singapore and who (A) does not have any permanent establishment in Singapore, or (B) carries on any 
operation in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore but the funds used by that person 
to acquire the Relevant Notes are not obtained from such person’s operation through a permanent 
establishment in Singapore, are exempt from Singapore tax; 
                                                     
1 The end date of 31 December 2026 does not apply for payments made to Singapore branches of non-resident companies as there is a 
waiver of withholding tax on all section 12(6) ITA and 12(7) ITA payments made to such entities. 
2 The end date of 31 December 2026 does not apply for payments made to Singapore branches of non-resident companies as there is a 
waiver of withholding tax on all section 12(6) ITA and 12(7) ITA payments made to such entities.

--- Page 618 ---
- 618 - 
(ii) 
subject to certain conditions having been fulfilled (including the furnishing of a return on debt securities 
to the MASin respect of the Relevant Notes within such period as the MAS may specify and such other 
particulars in connection with the Relevant Notes as the MAS may require), Qualifying Income from the 
Relevant Notes derived by any company or body of persons (as defined in the ITA) in Singapore is 
subject to income tax at a concessionary rate of 10% (except for holders of the relevant financial sector 
incentive(s) who may be taxed at different rates); and 
(iii) 
(in a case where payments on the Relevant Notes falls within Section 12(6) of the ITA) subject to: 
(1) 
the Issuer including in all offering documents relating to the Relevant Notes a statement to the 
effect that any person whose interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium 
or break cost derived from the Relevant Notes is not exempt from tax shall declare include such 
income in a return of income made under the ITA; and 
(2) 
the furnishing to the MAS of a return on debt securities for the Relevant Notes within such 
period as the MAS may specify and such other particulars in connection with the Relevant Notes 
as the MAS may require. 
Qualifying Income derived from the Relevant Notes is not subject to withholding of tax by the relevant Issuer. 
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived from any of the 
Relevant Notes by any person who (i) is not resident in Singapore and (ii) carries on any operations in Singapore 
through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying debt securities 
(subject to certain conditions) under the ITA shall not apply if such person acquires such Relevant Notes using 
the funds and profits of such person’s operations through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person 
whose interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost derived from the Relevant 
Notes  is not exempt from tax (including for the reasons described above) shall include such income in a return of 
income made under the ITA.  
However, notwithstanding the foregoing: 
(a) 
if during the primary launch of any tranche of Relevant Notes, such Relevant Notes are issued to fewer 
than four persons and 50% or more of the issue of such Relevant Notes is beneficially held or funded, 
directly or indirectly, by related parties of the Issuer, such Relevant Notes would not qualify as 
"qualifying debt securities"; and 
(b) 
even though a particular tranche of Relevant Notes may qualify as "qualifying debt securities", if, at 
any time during the tenure of such tranche of Relevant Notes, 50% or more of the issue of such Relevant 
Notes is held beneficially or funded, directly or indirectly, by any related party(ies) of the Issuer, 
Qualifying Income derived from such Relevant Notes held by: 
(1) 
any related party of the Issuer; or 
(2) 
any other person where the funds used by such person to acquire such Relevant Notes are 
obtained, directly or indirectly, from any related party of the Issuer, 
shall not be eligible for the tax exemption or the concessionary rate of tax described in the immediately 
preceding paragraphs. 
The term "related party", in relation to a person, means any other person who, directly or indirectly, controls that 
person, or is controlled, directly or indirectly, by that person, or where he and that other person, directly or 
indirectly, are under the control of a common person. 
(a) 
For the purposes of the ITA and this Singapore tax disclosure:"break cost" means any fee payable by 
the issuer of the securities on the early redemption of the securities, the amount of which is determined 
by any loss or liability incurred by the holder of the securities in connection with such redemption; 
(b) 
"prepayment fee"means any fee payable by the issuer of the securities on the early redemption of the 
securities, the amount of which is determined by the terms of the issuance of the securities; and 
(c) 
"redemption premium" means any premium payable by the issuer of the securities on the redemption 
of the securities upon their maturity.

--- Page 619 ---
- 619 - 
Capital Gains 
Any gains considered to be in the nature of capital made from the sale of the Notes will not be taxable in Singapore. 
However, any gains derived from any person from the sale of Notes which are gains from any trade, business, 
profession or vocation carried on by that person, if accruing in or derived from Singapore, may be taxable as such 
gains are considered revenue in nature. 
Holders of the Notes who apply or are required to apply Singapore Financial Reporting Standard 39 ("FRS 39"), 
Singapore Financial Reporting Standard 109 - Financial Instruments ("FRS 109") or Singapore Financial 
Reporting Standard (International) 9 (Financial Instruments) ("SFRS(I) 9") (as the case may be) may for 
Singapore income tax purposes be required to recognise gains or losses (not being gains or losses in the nature of 
capital) on the Notes, irrespective of disposal, in accordance with FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may 
be). Please see the section below on "Adoption of FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 treatment for Singapore income 
tax purposes". 
Adoption of FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 treatment for Singapore income tax purposes 
Subject to certain "opt-out" provisions, Section 34A of the ITA requires taxpayers who adopt or are required to 
adopt FRS 39 for financial reporting purposes to calculate their profit, loss or expense for Singapore income tax 
purposes in respect of financial instruments in accordance with FRS 39, subject to certain exceptions provided in 
that section. The IRAS has also issued an e-tax guide entitled "Income Tax Implications Arising from the Adoption 
of FRS 39 – Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement" to provide guidance on the Singapore income 
tax treatment of financial instruments.  
FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be) is mandatorily effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 
January, 2018, replacing FRS 39. Section 34AA of the ITA requires taxpayers who adopt or who are required to 
adopt FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 for financial reporting purposes to calculate their profit, loss or expense for Singapore 
income tax purposes in respect of financial instruments in accordance with FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case 
may be), subject to certain exceptions provided in that section. The IRAS has also issued an e-tax guide entitled 
"Income Tax: Income Tax Treatment Arising from Adoption of FRS 109 – Financial Instruments".   
Holders of the Notes who may be subject to the tax treatment under the FRS 39 tax regime, FRS 109 tax regime 
or the SFRS(I) 9 tax regime should consult their own accounting and tax advisers regarding the Singapore income 
tax consequences of their acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Special tax rules for Notes which constitute negotiable certificates of deposit 
Notwithstanding the paragraphs above, under Section 10(12) of the ITA, where a person derives interest from a 
negotiable certificate of deposit or derives gains or profits from the sale thereof, his income shall be treated as 
follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a financial institution, the interest and the gains or profits shall be deemed to be income 
from a trade or business under Section 10(1)(a) of the ITA; 
(b) 
in any other case, the interest and the gains or profits shall be deemed to be income from interest under 
Section 10(1)(d) of the ITA subject to the following provisions: 
(1) 
if the interest is received by a subsequent holder of a certificate of deposit the income derived 
from such interest shall exclude the amount by which the purchase price exceeds the issued 
price of the certificate, except where that amount has been excluded in the computation of any 
previous interest derived by him in respect of that certificate; and 
(2) 
where a subsequent holder sells a certificate after receiving interest therefrom the gains or 
profits shall be deemed to be the amount by which the sale price exceeds the issued price or the 
purchase price, whichever is the lower; and 
(c) 
for the purposes of paragraph (b) above, where a subsequent holder purchases a certificate at a price 
which is less than the issued price and holds the certificate until its maturity, the amount by which the 
issued price exceeds the purchase price shall be deemed to be interest derived by him.

--- Page 620 ---
- 620 - 
Holders should consult their own professional tax advisers regarding the application of Section 10(12) of the ITA 
to the Singapore income tax consequences of their acquisition, holding or disposal of any negotiable certificates 
of deposit. 
Goods and Services Tax 
Under the Goods and Services Tax Act, Chapter 117A of Singapore ("GST Act"), the following are examples of 
exempt supplies not subject to Goods and Services Tax ("GST") under the Fourth Schedule to the GST Act: 
(a) 
the exchange of currency (whether effected by exchange of bank notes, currency notes or coin, by 
crediting or debiting accounts, or otherwise) other than the supply of a note or a coin as a collector's 
item, investment article or item of numismatic interest; 
(b) 
the issue, allotment or transfer of ownership of an equity security (i.e. any interest in or right to a share 
in the capital of a body corporate or any option to acquire any such interest or right but excludes a 
contract of insurance and an estate or interest in land, other than an estate or interest as mortgagee or 
chargeholder); 
(c) 
the issue, allotment, transfer of ownership, drawing, acceptance or endorsements of a debt security (i.e. 
any interest in or right to be paid money that is, or is to be, owing by any person or any option to acquire 
any such interest or right but excludes a contract of insurance and an estate or interest in land, other 
than an estate or interest as mortgagee or chargeholder); 
(d) 
the provision of any loan, advance or credit; 
(e) 
the renewal or variation of an equity security or debt security or contract for the provision of any loan, 
advance or credit; or the provision or assignment of a derivative (i.e. a financial instrument that derives 
its value from an underlying financial asset, including options, swaps and credit default swaps) that 
does not lead to any delivery of goods or supply of taxable services. 
Holders of the Notes should, however, consult their own professional tax advisers regarding the Singapore GST 
consequences of their acquisition, holding, conversion or disposal of the Notes. 
Stamp Duty 
Stamp duty is generally not imposed on the issue or redemption for cash of Notes. Where an instrument of transfer 
of stocks or shares (including funded debt) is executed in Singapore, or is executed outside Singapore but is 
brought into Singapore, the instrument would be subject to stamp duty of up to 0.2% of the amount or value of 
the consideration, or the value of the stocks or shares sold or transferred, whichever is higher. Transfers of 
securities on a scripless basis through the Central Depository (Pte) Limited are not subject to stamp duty. Transfers 
of stocks or shares by way of sale or gift of any stock issued by a company, corporation or body of persons 
incorporated, formed or established outside Singapore (other than stock registered in register kept in Singapore) 
are also exempt from stamp duty. Special rules apply to certain contracts or agreements for the sale of, or 
instruments of transfer of, equity interests in entities whose assets include significant Singapore residential 
property interests. A detailed description of these rules is beyond the scope of this tax section. 
Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers in respect of the Singapore stamp duty 
treatment of the issue, transfer or settlement of Notes, particularly where the Notes are capable of settlement by 
physical delivery. Any stamp duty payable on the issuance of a series of Notes will be specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
Estate Duty 
Singapore estate duty has been abolished with respect to all deaths occurring on or after 15 February, 2008. 
Taxation in Switzerland 
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Swiss tax considerations that 
may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and, in particular, does not consider 
specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. It is for general information only and 
does not discuss all tax consequences of an investment in Notes under the tax laws of Switzerland. This summary 
is based on the tax laws of Switzerland currently in force and as applied on the date of this Base Prospectus which

--- Page 621 ---
- 621 - 
are subject to changes (or changes in interpretation) which may have retroactive effect. Prospective purchasers 
are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition 
of Notes in the light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Income Tax 
Swiss Resident Noteholders 
Swiss residents receiving periodic interest payments during the investment or at redemption as one-time-interest 
generally must include these interest payments in their financial statements and/or in their income tax returns and 
owe individual income tax or corporate income tax on the relevant amounts. 
Notes which are not straight debt instruments but have components of debt instruments and derivatives intertwined 
generally qualify as combined instruments. The tax treatment of such Notes depends on whether the Notes are 
considered as transparent or not for Swiss income tax purposes. 
If the Note is considered as not transparent for Swiss income tax purposes, any amount received by the Noteholder 
(upon sale, laps, exercise or redemption) in excess of the amount invested (at issue or upon purchase) is treated 
as taxable income in the hands of the Noteholder if the Note qualifies as a note with predominant one-time interest 
payment. If the Note does not qualify as a note with predominant one-time interest payment, the Noteholder is 
subject to tax on the periodic interest payments and (at redemption) on the difference between initial issuance 
price and the redemption price. For the purpose of determining whether the Note is a note with predominant one-
time interest payment the difference between initial issuance price and the redemption price is treated as one-time 
interest. 
If the Note is considered as transparent for Swiss income tax purposes, it will be split notionally in a debt 
instrument and a derivative instrument component. Gains or losses on the derivative instrument component are 
treated as capital gains or losses (see below). Interest payments received during the investment, at laps or exercise 
or at redemption as one-time interest related to the debt instrument component are treated as taxable income in 
the hands of the Noteholder. Such a treatment is also applicable for the purpose of determining whether the Note 
is a note with predominant one-time interest payment. 
The Note is generally considered as transparent if the debt and the derivative components are traded separately or 
if the different elements of the Note (such as the guaranteed redemption amount, the issuance price of the debt 
component, the interest rates determining the issuance price of the debt component) are separately stated in the 
sales documentation as well as in the offering prospectus and if each one of such components is separately 
evaluated. Such evaluation has to be performed through calculations of financial mathematics determining the 
intrinsic value of the debt instrument and the derivative instrument components contained in the Note. In 
particular, the calculations have to determine the notional issuance price of the debt instrument, based on the 
interest rate taken into account by the issuer which has to be at market value. The Swiss Federal Tax 
Administration has to approve such calculations. Such calculations have to be reviewed on a quarterly basis in 
order take into account the evolution of the interest rates. If the tax authorities are not provided with sufficient 
information the Notes can be treated as not transparent. Products with prevalent structures but for which the issuer 
does not provide the information allowing to distinguish the different elements of a product as described above 
are made transparent in retrospect by the tax authorities, banks or other channels of distribution if the following 
requirements are fulfilled: (a) the issuer of the product must have at least a single-A-rating; and (b) the product at 
hand has to be admitted to official quotation at the commercial exchange market or, at least, a market maker has 
to insure liquid trading of the product at hand. Liquid trading by a market maker is a condition that the key data 
of the product can be used as credible basis of calculation. 
Notes which are linked to underlying assets, such as bonds, shares, or baskets of such assets may also be treated, 
under certain circumstances, as direct investments in bonds, shares or in an investment fund. Notes linked to a 
basket of investment funds may be treated as an investment in an investment fund. 
Notes in the form of reverse convertibles linked to shares, precious metals and commodities with no guaranteed 
payments and a duration of less than or equal to one year may be treated as straight derivatives. 
Non-Swiss Resident Noteholders 
Under present Swiss tax law, a Noteholder who is a non-resident of Switzerland and who, during the taxable year 
has not engaged in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business within

--- Page 622 ---
- 622 - 
Switzerland and who is not subject to taxation in Switzerland for any other reason, will not be subject to any Swiss 
federal, cantonal or municipal income tax on interest of the Notes. 
Capital Gains 
Swiss Resident Private Noteholders 
Swiss resident Noteholders who do not qualify as so-called professional securities dealer for income tax purposes 
("gewerbsmässiger Wertschriftenhändler") and who hold the Notes as part of their private (as opposed to business) 
assets are hereby defined as Swiss Resident Private Noteholders. 
Swiss Resident Private Noteholders realise a tax free capital gain upon the disposal of Notes which do not qualify 
as notes with predominant one-time interest payment and realise taxable income if the Notes qualify as notes with 
one-time predominant interest payment. 
The tax treatment of capital gains on Notes which qualify as combined instruments (see above) depends on 
whether the Note qualifies as tax transparent or not. Notes which are not transparent for Swiss income tax purposes 
(see above) generally qualify as notes with predominant one-time interest payment and are treated as such. Notes 
which qualify as tax transparent are notionally split into a debt instrument and a derivative instrument component. 
The debt instrument component follows the usual tax treatment either as note with predominant one-time interest 
payment or as note with no predominant one-time interest payment as applicable. Capital gains arising from the 
derivative instrument component of transparent Notes are generally not subject to income tax in the hands of 
Swiss Resident Private Noteholders. 
Swiss Resident Business Noteholders 
Gains realised on the sale of Notes, by Swiss resident individual Noteholders holding the Notes as part of their 
business assets as well as by Swiss resident legal entity Noteholders, are part of their business profit subject to 
individual income tax or corporate income taxes, respectively. The same applies to Swiss Resident Private 
Noteholders who qualify as so-called professional securities dealer ("gewerbsmässiger Wertschriftenhändler"). 
Non-Swiss Resident Noteholders 
Under present Swiss tax law, a Noteholder who is a non-resident of Switzerland and who, during the taxable year 
has not engaged in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business within 
Switzerland and who is not subject to taxation in Switzerland for any other reason, will not be subject to any Swiss 
federal, cantonal or municipal income tax on gains realised on sale or redemption of the Notes. 
Swiss Stamp Duties 
The issuance of the Notes is not subject to Swiss transfer stamp duty, except in case that the Notes qualify as units 
in a foreign collective investment scheme. In such a case, Swiss transfer stamp duty at the current rate of up to 
0.3% may apply. 
The subsequent sale or transfer of the Notes with a duration of more than one year may be subject to Swiss transfer 
stamp duty at the current rate of up to 0.3% if such sale or transfer is made by or through the intermediary of a 
Swiss or Liechtenstein bank or other securities dealer as defined in the Swiss Stamp Tax Act and no exemption 
applies. The same applies in case of physical delivery of the underlying being a taxable security in the meaning 
of the Swiss Stamp Tax Act at redemption. 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
At present, payments by the Issuer of interest on, and repayment of principal of, the Notes, will not be subject to 
Swiss federal withholding tax, provided that the Issuer is at all times resident and managed outside Switzerland 
for Swiss tax purposes.  
On 3 April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council proposed draft legislation and opened the consultation procedure 
regarding the reform of the Swiss withholding tax regime, which had previously been suspended. A main aspect 
of the draft legislation is the exemption of Swiss-domiciled legal entities and foreign investors from withholding 
tax on Swiss domestic interest-based investments. In essence, the draft legislation would replace the current 
debtor-based regime applicable to interest payments with a paying agent-based regime for Swiss withholding tax. 
Broadly, this paying agent-based regime would (i) subject all interest payments made through paying agents in

--- Page 623 ---
- 623 - 
Switzerland to individuals resident in Switzerland to Swiss withholding tax and (ii) exempt from Swiss 
withholding tax interest payments to all other persons, including to Swiss-domiciled legal entities and foreign 
investors (other than for indirect interest payments via foreign and domestic collective investments vehicles). 
However, the results of the consultation, which ended on 10 July 2020, were controversial. Consequently, on 15 
April 2021, the Swiss Federal Council submitted a new draft on the reform of the Swiss withholding tax system 
providing for the abolition of Swiss withholding tax on interest payments on bonds for submission to the Swiss 
Federal Parliament. If nevertheless a new paying agent-based regime were to be enacted as contemplated by the 
consultation draft published on 3 April 2020 and were to result in the deduction or withholding of Swiss 
withholding tax on any payments of interest under the Notes by any person in Switzerland, the holder of such 
Note would not be entitled to receive any additional amounts as a result of such deduction or withholding. 
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
Switzerland has concluded a multilateral agreement with the European Union on the international automatic 
exchange of information (the "AEOI") in tax matters, which applies to all EU member states and some other 
jurisdictions. In addition, Switzerland has concluded the multilateral competent authority agreement on the 
automatic exchange of financial account information (the "MCAA"), and a number of bilateral AEOI agreements 
with other countries, most of them on the basis of the MCAA. Based on such agreements and the implementing 
laws of Switzerland, Switzerland collects and exchanges data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case 
may be, Notes, held in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in 
Switzerland for the benefit of individuals resident in an EU member state or in another treaty state. An up-to-date 
list of the AEOI agreements of Switzerland in effect or signed and becoming effective can be found on the website 
of the State Secretariat for International Financial Matters (SIF). 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the implementation of 
FATCA (the "IGA"). Under the U.S.-Switzerland IGA, financial institution acting out of Switzerland generally 
are directed to become participating foreign financial institutions ("FFIs"). The agreement ensures that the 
accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss financial institutions are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with 
the consent of the account holder or by means of group requests within the scope of administrative assistance. 
Information will not be transferred automatically in the absence of consent, and instead will be exchanged only 
within the scope of administrative assistance on the basis of the double taxation agreement between the U.S. and 
Switzerland ("DTA"). On 20 September 2019, Switzerland and the U.S. ratified the 2009 protocol (the 
"Protocol") amending the DTA. With the subsequent exchange of the ratification instruments, the amended DTA 
entered into force, and provide for a mechanism for the exchange of information upon request in tax matters 
between Switzerland and the United States, which is in line with international standards, and allows the United 
States to make group requests under FATCA concerning non-consenting U.S. accounts and non-consenting non-
participating foreign financial institutions for periods from June 30, 2014. Furthermore, on 8 October 2014, the 
Swiss Federal Council approved a mandate for negotiations with the U.S. on changing the current direct-
notification-based regime to a regime where the relevant information is sent to the Swiss Federal Tax 
Administration, which in turn provides the information to the U.S. tax authorities. It is not yet known when any 
new regime would come into force. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
withholding may be required on, among other things, (i) certain payments made by "foreign financial institutions" 
("foreign passthru payments") and (ii) dividend equivalent payments (as described below in "U.S. Dividend 
Equivalent Withholding"), in each case, to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including 
Spain) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not 
be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. If withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign passthru payments, such withholding would not apply prior 
to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are

--- Page 624 ---
- 624 - 
published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised 
as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or before the relevant 
grandfathering date would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified 
after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the issuer). The grandfathering date for (A) Notes that 
give rise solely to foreign passthru payments, is the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. 
Treasury regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed with the Federal Register, and (B) Notes 
that give rise to a dividend equivalent pursuant to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and 
the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, is six months after the date on which obligations of its type 
are first treated as giving rise to dividend equivalents. If additional notes (as described under "Terms and 
Conditions—Condition 13 (Further Issues)") that are not distinguishable from such previously issued 
grandfathered Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding 
under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of 
the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") treats a "dividend 
equivalent" payment as a dividend from sources within the United States. Such payments generally would be 
subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax that may be reduced by an applicable tax treaty, eligible for credit against 
other U.S. tax liabilities or refunded, provided that the beneficial owner timely claims a credit or refund from the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS"). A "dividend equivalent" payment is (i) a substitute dividend payment 
made pursuant to a securities lending or a sale-repurchase transaction that (directly or indirectly) is contingent 
upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, (ii) a 
payment made pursuant to a "specified notional principal contract" that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, 
or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, and (iii) any other 
payment determined by the IRS to be substantially similar to a payment described in (i) or (ii). U.S. Treasury 
regulations issued under Section 871(m) and applicable guidance (the "Section 871(m) Regulations") require 
withholding on certain non-U.S. holders of the Notes with respect to amounts treated as dividend equivalent 
payments. Under the Section 871(m) Regulations, only a Note that has an expected economic return sufficiently 
similar to that of the underlying U.S. security based on tests set forth in the Section 871(m) Regulations will be 
subject to the Section 871(m) withholding regime (making such Note a "Specified Note"). The Section 871(m) 
Regulations provide certain exceptions to this withholding requirement, in particular for instruments linked to 
certain broad-based indices.   
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are made on a 
Specified Note or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition by the non-U.S. holder of the Specified 
Note. If the underlying U.S. security or securities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified 
Note, withholding generally will still be required even if the Specified Note does not provide for payments 
explicitly linked to dividends. Additionally, the Issuer may withhold the full 30% tax on any payment on the Notes 
in respect of any dividend equivalent arising with respect to such Notes regardless of any exemption from, or 
reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
where a holder is eligible for a reduced tax rate under an applicable tax treaty with the United States). A holder 
may be able to claim a refund of any excess withholding provided the required information is timely furnished to 
the IRS. Refund claims are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and there can be no assurance that a particular 
refund claim will be timely paid or paid at all. If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines that withholding 
is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with 
respect to amounts so withheld.  
The Section 871(m) Regulations generally apply to Specified Notes issued on or after 1 January 2017. If the terms 
of a Note are subject to a "significant modification" (as defined for U.S. tax purposes), the Note generally would 
be treated as retired and reissued on the date of such modification for purposes of determining, based on economic 
conditions in effect at that time, whether such Note is a Specified Note. Similarly, if additional Notes of the same 
series are issued (or deemed issued for U.S. tax purposes, such as certain sales of Notes out of inventory) after the 
original issue date, the IRS could treat the issue date for determining whether the existing Notes are Specified 
Notes as the date of such subsequent sale or issuance. Consequently, a previously out of scope Note might be 
treated as a Specified Note following such modification or further issuance.

--- Page 625 ---
- 625 - 
In addition, payments on the Specified Notes may be calculated by reference to dividends on underlying U.S. 
securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the 
holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any dividend 
equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The 
Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed 
withheld. 
The Applicable Transaction Terms will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that Notes are Specified Notes 
and will specify contact details for obtaining additional information regarding the application of Section 871(m) 
to Notes. If Notes are Specified Notes, a non-U.S. holder of the Notes should expect to be subject to withholding 
in respect of any dividend-paying U.S. securities underlying those Notes. The Issuer's determination is binding on 
non-U.S. holders of the Notes, but it is not binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) Regulations require complex 
calculations to be made with respect to Notes linked to U.S. securities and their application to a specific issue of 
Notes may be uncertain. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) to 
the Notes.

--- Page 626 ---
- 626 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and may be made to AIAF for the Notes to be admitted to 
listing and to trade on it as a regulated market. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by Euronext Dublin or AIAF but which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems 
and/or may be unlisted, as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
2. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations 
in Ireland and Spain in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue and 
performance of the Notes and the guarantees relating to them. The establishment of the Programme was 
authorised by the resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer passed on 7 July 2004, and the 
establishment of the Programme and the giving of the guarantees relating to the Notes by the Guarantor 
was authorised by a resolution of the executive committee of the Guarantor passed on 10 January 2005. 
The increase of the aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any time under the 
Programme was increased from EUR 5,000,000,000 to EUR 10,000,000,000 pursuant to a resolution of 
the executive committee of the Guarantor and a meeting of the board of directors of the Issuer, both held 
on 13 November 2006. The update of the Programme was authorised by the resolution of the board of 
directors of the Issuer passed on 19 July 2021 and by an authorisation of the executive committee of the 
Guarantor on 19 July 2021. 
3. 
Each permanent or definitive Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon relating to such a Note where 
TEFRA D is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms will bear the following legend: "Any 
United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code". 
4. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have, or have had in the previous 
12 months up to the date of this Base Prospectus, significant effects on the Issuer and/or the Group's 
financial position or profitability. 
5. 
Since 31 December 2020 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer. 
6. 
Since 31 December 2020 there has been no significant change in the financial position or financial 
performance of the Issuer. 
7. 
Clearing systems 
Notes may be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems. The Common Code 
and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) will be set out in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms. In addition, application may be made for Registered Notes to be accepted for trading 
in book-entry form (anotaciones en cuenta) by DTC. The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers for such 
Registered Notes, together with the relevant ISIN and (if applicable) common code, will be specified in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms.  
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II B-120 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JK Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States of 
America. 
The Book-Entry Notes to be listed on a Spanish regulated market will be accepted for clearance through 
Iberclear. The ISIN for each Series of Notes allocated by Iberclear will be specified in the Applicable 
Transacion Terms. The address of Iberclear is Plaza de la Lealtad, nº 1, 28014 Madrid, Spain. 
8. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, the following 
documents 
will 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
from 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/p685%7C25377/documents):

--- Page 627 ---
- 627 - 
(i) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(ii) 
the Deed of Guarantee; 
(iii) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(iv) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus;  
(v) 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert 
any part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Form). 
9. 
The non-consolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of Banco Santander, S.A. for the 
years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 were audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Auditores, S.L. PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. is registered under number S-0242 in the 
Official Register of Auditors (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas). The financial statements of the 
Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 were audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Chartered Accountants and Registered Auditors, of 1 Spencer Dock, North 
Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland. As registered auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers are regulated by the Irish 
Auditing and Accounting Supervisory Authority ("IAASA"), whose address is Willow House, 
Millennium Park, Naas, County Kildare, Ireland. 
10. 
Copies of the latest financial statements of the Issuer and the annual report and audited consolidated and 
non-consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor may be obtained, and copies of the Agency 
Agreement will be available for inspection, at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during 
normal business hours, so long as any of the Notes is outstanding. The Guarantor does not prepare audited 
interim financial statements. The Issuer does not prepare audited interim financial statements. 
11. 
Any uniform resource locators given in respect of website addresses in the Base Prospectus are inactive 
textual references only and it is not intended to incorporate the contents of any such websites into this 
Base Prospectus (except as specified in the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference") nor should 
the contents of such websites be deemed to be incorporated into this Base Prospectus. 
12. 
A&L Goodbody have acted as legal adviser to the Issuer as to Irish law and Allen & Overy LLP have 
acted as legal adviser to the Arranger and Dealers as to Spanish law and English law, in relation to the 
update of the Programme. 
13. 
In relation to this Programme, Banco Santander, S.A. acts in its capacity as Arranger of and a Dealer 
under the Programme. Prospective investors should note that Banco Santander, S.A. is also the Guarantor 
under the Programme. 
14. 
There are no material contracts which could result in any member of the Banco Santander consolidated 
group of companies being under an obligation that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations 
to the Noteholders. 
15. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of 
their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantor or their 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer or the 
Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer or the Guarantor consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any 
such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 628 ---
- 628 - 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 629 ---
THE ISSUER 
 
Santander International Products plc 
3rd Floor 
Kilmore House 
Park Lane 
Spencer Dock 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
THE GUARANTOR 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Registered Office 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Paseo de Pereda 9-12 
39004 Santander 
Spain 
 
Head Office 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avda. de Cantabria, s/n 
28660 Boadilla del Monte-Madrid 
Spain 
 
ARRANGER, DEALER AND IBERCLEAR PAYING AGENT 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avda. de Cantabria, s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660 Boadilla del Monte-Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, PAYING 
AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT AND 
TRANSPARENCY DIRECTIVE AGENT 
U.S. PAYING AGENT AND U.S. TRANSFER 
AGENT 
 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its 
London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
101 Barclay Street 
New York NY 10286 
USA

--- Page 630 ---
REGISTRAR 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LISTING AGENT 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./N.V. Dublin Branch 
Riverside II, Sir John Rogerson's Quay  
Grand Canal Dock  
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER  
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Audit Firm 
1 Spencer Dock 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
AUDITORS TO THE GUARANTOR  
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. 
Torre PwC 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259 B 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
 
To the Issuer as to Irish law 
To the Arranger and the Dealers as to Spanish law 
 
 
A&L Goodbody 
International Financial Services Centre 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
Allen & Overy 
C/ Serrano 73 
28006 Madrid 
Spain 
 
To the Arranger and the Dealers 
as to English law 
 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom