--- Page 1 ---
- i - 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Santander Bank Polska S.A. 
(incorporated as a joint stock company in the Republic of Poland) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Santander Bank Polska 
S.A. (the Issuer or the Bank) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview" and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the 
Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base 
Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by 
more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank), which is the Irish 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the EU Prospectus Regulation). The Central Bank has 
only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are subject of the Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets 
in financial instruments (as amended, MiFID II) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State 
of the European Economic Area. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of 12 months from the date of approval. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Notes. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for Notes 
issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list (the 
Official List) and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin 
is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Application may also be made to the Warsaw Stock 
Exchange (in Polish: Giełda Papierów Wartościowych w Warszawie S.A., the WSE) for the Notes to be listed and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the WSE. The regulated market of the WSE is a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II. The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
The Final Terms (as defined below) for each Tranche (as defined below) of Notes will state whether the Notes of 
such Tranche are to be: (i) Senior Notes, (ii) Senior Non Preferred Notes, (iii) Senior Subordinated Notes or (iv) 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been assigned a rating of BBB+ (stable) by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited, acting through its Polish branch, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, spółka z ograniczoną 
odpowiedzialnością oddział w Polsce (Fitch) and A3 (stable) by Moody's Deutschland GmbH (Moody's). For 
further information on the meaning of these credit ratings, please see "General information – Credit Ratings". 
Fitch and Moody's are established in the European Economic Area (the EEA), registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, on credit rating agencies (the EU CRA Regulation) and are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
included in the list of credit ratings agencies published by ESMA on its website http://www.esma.europa.eu in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Ratings assigned by Fitch and Moody's are endorsed by Fitch Ratings 
Limited and Moody's Investors Service Limited, respectively, which are established in the United Kingdom (the 
UK) and registered under the EU CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union Withdrawal Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation) and have not been withdrawn. Fitch Ratings 
Limited and Moody's Investors Service Limited appear on the list of credit rating agencies registered or certified 
with the FCA published on its website https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-agencies. Fitch Ratings Limited 
and Moody's Investors Service Limited are not registered with ESMA under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Tranches of Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") to be issued under the Programme may be 
rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (as defined herein). Such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the Issuer, the 
Programme or to Notes already issued. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
INVESTING IN NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME INVOLVES CERTAIN RISKS. THE 
PRINCIPAL RISK FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ABILITIES OF THE ISSUER TO FULFIL ITS 
RESPECTIVE OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES ARE DISCUSSED UNDER "RISK FACTORS" 
BELOW. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)) (except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act). 
Notice to persons affiliated with the Issuer: Persons affiliated with the Issuer, within the meaning of Article 
11a(1)(4) of the CIT Act dated 15 February 1992 (the CIT Act) and Article 23m(1)(4) of the Personal Income 
Tax Act dated 26 July 1991 (the PIT Act), that hold, jointly with other affiliated persons, more than 10 per cent. 
of the nominal value of the Notes do not benefit from the exemption from Polish corporate income tax provided 
by Article 17(1)(50c) of the CIT Act and personal income tax provided by Article 21(1)(130c) of the PIT Act, as 
described under "Taxation" below.  
Arranger and Permanent Dealer 
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 13 September 2024.

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final 
Terms and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is, in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
References herein to the "Base Prospectus" are to this document. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Arranger and Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that 
this Base Prospectus contains all necessary information which is material to an investor for making an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and prospects of 
the Issuer; of the rights attaching to the Notes; and the reasons for the issuance of the Notes and its 
impact on the Issuer; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or 
made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state 
any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context 
of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and 
that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
The Issuer has further confirmed to the Dealers that this Base Prospectus contains all such information 
as may be required by all applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the Conditions) as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called 
final terms (the Final Terms) or as amended and/or replaced in a separate prospectus specific to such 
Tranche (the Drawdown Prospectus). In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed with any amendment or supplement thereto and with 
any other information incorporated by reference and, in relation to any Series (as defined below) of 
Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the 
Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public 
domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer, Arranger or any Dealer. 
Neither the Arranger, the Dealers, nor any of their respective affiliates, nor any other party other than 
the Issuer, has authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and no other party makes any 
representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the 
Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of 
the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or 
delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus 
has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event 
reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
 
Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering 
material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933 (as amended) (the Securities Act) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States, and Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The 
Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Bearer Notes) delivered within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) (except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for 
or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or 
any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have 
made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Product Governance under MiFID II 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the EU MiFID Product 
Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms (Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). If any such reference rate does constitute such a 
benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public 
record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms 
to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme 
will not exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency 
shall be translated into EUR at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance 
with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale")). The maximum

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
 
aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme 
may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (of 
Singapore, as amended or modified from time to time 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as amended or 
modified from time to time, the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "Notification under section 309B(1)(a) of the Singapore Securities and 
Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B(1) of the SFA. The Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written 
notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being 
offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. Any such legend 
included on the applicable Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of 
section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes shall 
be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Bail-in Tool 
As a result of the implementation of the BRRD (as defined herein) into Polish law or the law of any 
other relevant jurisdiction, holders of the Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity 
on any application of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption, which may result in such 
holders losing some or all of their investment. See "Risk Factors – The Bank and the Group may be 
unable to satisfy its or their required minimum capital adequacy ratios, The Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive implemented into Polish law may adversely affect the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations or prospects, The Bank may be required to implement a recovery plan 
under Polish banking law" and Condition 25 (Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the 
Exercise of Bail-in Tool). 
Third party information 
Any information sourced from third parties contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that 
third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Language of the Base Prospectus 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a Member State are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area, references to U.S.$, U.S. dollars or dollars are to 
United States dollars, references to £, GBP and Pounds Sterling are to the lawful currency of the UK, 
references to €, EUR or euro are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
 
 
May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended, and references to PLN or Polish Zloty are to 
Polish Złoty. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and 
figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which 
precede them. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is 
rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) 
assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a 
relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the 
EU CRA Regulation, and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation, will, in each case, be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In 
general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
 
 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements. Forward 
looking statements include statements concerning the Issuer's plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future 
operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. When 
used in this Base Prospectus, the words "anticipates", "estimates", "expects", "believes", "intends", 
"plans", "aims", "seeks", "may", "will", "should" and any similar expressions generally identify forward 
looking statements. These forward-looking statements are contained in the sections entitled "Risk 
Factors", "Description of the Group" and other sections of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer has based 
these forward-looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events 
and financial performance. Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates and projections 
reflected in its forward looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one 
or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those identified below or which the Issuer 
has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer's underlying assumptions prove 
to be incomplete or inaccurate, the Issuer's actual results of operation may vary from those expected, 
estimated or predicted. 
If one or more of the risks or uncertainties described under "Risk Factors" materialise, or if underlying 
assumptions prove incorrect, the Issuer's actual results, performance or achievements or industry results 
may be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied 
by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous 
assumptions regarding the Issuer's present and future business strategies and the environment in which 
the Issuer will operate in the future. Any forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus 
speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Without prejudice to any requirements under 
applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to 
disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward-looking 
statements contained in it to reflect any change in expectations or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based.

--- Page 9 ---
ix 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
Important Notices ................................................................................................................................... iii 
Cautionary statement regarding forward looking statements ............................................................... viii 
Overview ............................................................................................................................................... 10 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................... 16 
Information incorporated by reference ................................................................................................. 44 
Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses ............................................................................................ 47 
Use of proceeds ..................................................................................................................................... 48 
Selected financial information of the Issuer and overview of the Group's financial condition ............ 49 
Description of the Group ...................................................................................................................... 66 
Market and legal environment .............................................................................................................. 99 
Forms of the Notes .............................................................................................................................. 104 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ..................................................................................................... 112 
Form of Final Terms ........................................................................................................................... 167 
Summary of provisions relating to the Notes while in global form .................................................... 182 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................. 185 
Subscription and Sale .......................................................................................................................... 198 
General information ............................................................................................................................ 203

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes 
shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in 
the case of listed Notes only and if appropriate, a new Prospectus will be published. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this summary. 
Issuer: 
Santander Bank Polska S.A., a joint-stock company incorporated 
under the laws of the Republic of Poland 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier: 
259400LGXW3K0GDAG361 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain 
risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under 
"Risk Factors" below. 
Arranger: 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Dealers: 
Banco Santander, S.A. and any other Dealers appointed from time 
to time by the Issuer either generally in respect of the Programme 
or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Registrar and Transfer Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or 
(2) pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes will be the 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, as amended and/or replaced by the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes 
issued under the Programme within 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market. The Programme 
also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the WSE or will 
not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg and together with 
Euroclear, the ICSDs) and/or, in relation to any Tranche of Notes,

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
any other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue 
date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each 
Tranche will also be subject to identical terms in all respects save 
that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form or in registered form. Each 
Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note (together, 
the Global Notes), in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Each Global Note which is not intended to be issued in 
new global note form (a Classic Global Note or CGN), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a New Global 
Note or NGN), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for 
Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to any 
exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of 
any payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if 
interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a 
Talon for further Coupons. 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either 
Individual Note Certificates or a Global Registered Note, in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Each Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note 
will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held 
under the new safekeeping structure (New Safekeeping 
Structure or NSS), registered in the name of a common 
depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the 
relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the 
issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Note to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be 
registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note 
will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro or in any other currency or 
currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements.  
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be either Senior Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes, 
Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, as more 
fully described in Condition 4 (Status). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price. The price and amount of Notes 
to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity of at least one year in the case of Senior Notes, 
Senior Non Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes and 
a minimum maturity of five years in the case of Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or 
such other minimum or maximum maturity as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant competent authority or 
any applicable laws or regulations. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at the redemption amount specified in 
the relevant Final Terms subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and/or regulatory requirements. Early redemption will be 
permitted for taxation reasons or, in the case of Senior Notes if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, following an Event of 
Default or, in the case of Senior Notes, Senior Non Preferred 
Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes eligible to comply with the 
Applicable MREL Regulations, upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event or, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event, 
but otherwise early redemption will be permitted only to the 
extent specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any early redemption of Senior Subordinated Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes or Senior Notes eligible to comply with the 
Applicable MREL Regulations will be subject to the prior consent 
of the competent authorities (including relevant resolution 
authorities), to the extent required, in accordance with the 
Applicable MREL Regulations. 
Any early redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will be 
subject to the prior consent of the Regulator to the extent required 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to a 
particular Reference Rate (other than SOFR) where any Rate of

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a 
view to determining a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Reference Rate and any Adjustment Spread for 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) applicable to the Notes. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate, then the Issuer 
may determine a Successor Rate, or if there is no Successor Rate, 
an Alternative Reference Rate and any Adjustment Spread, as 
further described in Condition 7.8 (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
In the event that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in relation to U.S. 
dollar Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded SOFR (or, 
as the case may be, its Benchmark Replacement) where the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to Compounded SOFR (or, as the case 
may be, its Benchmark Replacement), the Benchmark 
Replacement (as defined in Condition 7B (Interest – Floating 
Rate Notes referencing SOFR)) will replace the then-current 
Benchmark, as further described in Condition 7B (Interest – 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method 
of calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the 
maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note which are (i) to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in 
any Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
or (ii) offered to the public in the UK in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under section 86 of the 
FSMA, the minimum specified denomination shall be EUR 
100,000 (or equivalent in another currency as at the date of the 
issue of the Notes). 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described 
in Condition 5 (Covenants). 
Set-off:  
Holders of Notes shall not be entitled to exercise any right of set-
off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect 
of such Notes.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Cross-Default: 
The Senior Notes, where Events of Default are specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, will have the benefit of a 
cross-default as described in Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes by or 
on behalf of the Issuer will be made without deduction for or on 
account of withholding taxes imposed by the Republic of Poland 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, unless the withholding is required by law. In 
that event, the Issuer will (subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments - Bearer Notes), Condition 11 (Payments - Registered 
Notes) and Condition 12 (Taxation)) pay such additional amounts 
as will result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they 
would have received in respect of such Notes had no such 
withholding been required. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by English law, 
except that Condition 4 (Status), Condition 25 (Agreement and 
Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Tool) and 
Condition 26 (Recognition of Stay Powers) are governed by 
Polish law. 
Ratings: 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been 
assigned a rating of BBB+ (stable) by Fitch and a rating of A3 
(stable) by Moody's. Each of Fitch and Moody's is established in 
the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation. 
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable 
rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rating 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the 
Issuer or to Notes already issued. Whether or not each credit 
rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will 
be issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in 
the United States of America, the EEA, the UK, Japan and 
Singapore see "Subscription and Sale" below. 
Bail-in: 
The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Bail-in Tool by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority, as further described in 
Condition 25 (Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to 
the Exercise of Bail-in Tool).

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the 
general financing purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect of any 
particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Bank may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Bank becoming unable to make all payments due. The Bank 
may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material 
may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Bank's control. The Bank has 
identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its 
business and ability to make payments due.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Risks relating to the Bank's business activity and industry 
Deterioration in Poland's economic condition could affect the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations  
The Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries (the Group) conduct its operations in Poland. As a result, 
the macroeconomic situation in Poland has a material impact on the business, financial condition and 
results of operations of the Group. 
The economic situation in Poland depends on a number of factors, including measures by which a 
government attempts to influence the economy, such as setting levels of taxation, government budgets, 
the money supply and interest rates as well as the labour market, the demographic situation in the 
country, macroeconomic conditions in the world and in Europe and the inflow of funds from the 
European Union. 
A potential prolonged economic slowdown in Poland would damage the Group's operations. Higher 
unemployment and lower consumption, as well as fluctuations in the financial markets (including the 
currency markets), may adversely affect the financial condition of the Group's customers, which could, 
in turn, impair the quality and volume of the Group's loans and advances portfolios and other financial 
assets and result in decreased demand for the Group's products. In addition, in unstable market 
conditions, the value of assets securing loans already granted or to be granted by the Group, including 
real estate, may decline significantly. 
On 24 February 2022 Russia invaded Ukraine and launched a full scale military attack against Ukraine. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus Russia is occupying several regions in Ukraine and military 
operations continue to be conducted in the territory of Ukraine. It is not possible to predict when the 
war will finish and what will be the result of the war. The war caused increased market volatility and 
has had and continues to have a negative effect on the Polish economy. In particular, disruptions to the 
supply of commodities and fuel led to a significant increase in inflation which in February 2023 reached 
18.4 per cent. year-on-year, the highest level in Poland since 1996. Although the Polish economy started 
to recover in the first half of 2024 and inflation decreased to 4.3 per cent. year-on-year in August 2024, 
the macroeconomic situation is still volatile.  
The Group's business, as well as the successful implementation of its strategy, is highly dependent on 
the financial situation of its customers and their ability to repay existing loans, make deposits and 
acquire new financial products offered by the Group. The financial situation of Polish households, 
including the Group's customers, is highly correlated with the unemployment rate. An increase in the

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
unemployment rate in Poland could cause an increase in the Group's expected credit losses or hinder 
growth of the Group's loans and advances portfolio. 
The level of risk that is acceptable to customers may also decrease with respect to investments in 
securities, investment fund units or other investment products offered by the Group. Significant 
fluctuations or a decline in financial markets may discourage potential customers from buying 
investment products offered by the Group and current holders may withdraw or reduce their exposure 
to such products, which may have an adverse effect, in particular, on the Group's fee and commission 
income. 
Any deterioration in economic, business, political and social conditions in Poland may have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition and operations of the Group. 
Claims of borrowers under mortgage loans denominated in CHF or indexed to CHF may adversely 
affect the Group's financial performance 
Polish banks have granted a large number of mortgages denominated in Swiss francs or indexed to 
Swiss francs (CHF Mortgage Loans). CHF Mortgage Loans were an extremely popular product due 
to, among other things, low interest rates. Due to the rapid appreciation of the Swiss franc, monthly 
instalments of CHF Mortgage Loans and the outstanding principal amounts of CHF Mortgage Loans 
increased significantly. For this reason, many CHF Mortgage Loan borrowers have decided to bring an 
action for annulment of their CHF Mortgage Loan agreements or some of their provisions. As at 30 
June 2024, the Bank has a significant portfolio of outstanding CHF Mortgage Loans, for a description 
of this portfolio, disputes concerning this portfolio and certain related legal developments in Poland 
see: Description of the Group – Litigation – Disputes relating to CHF Mortgage Loans. 
The Group has already created significant provisions to cover the risk associated with the CHF 
Mortgage Loans and it cannot exclude the possibility that additional provisions may be required in the 
future. The provisions have had and will continue to have a material negative effect on the Group's 
profitability. 
Claims of borrowers under loans with interest rates based on WIBOR may affect the Group's 
financial performance 
The Polish Monetary Policy Council (in Polish: Rada Polityki Pieniężnej, the MPC) which is 
responsible for setting the reference rates in Poland increased the main Polish reference rate in the 
period from October 2021 to September 2022 from 0.10 per cent. to 6.75 per cent. Although as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus the main reference rate is 5.75 per cent., the increase in the reference rates 
led to an increase of the Warsaw Interbank Offered Rate (WIBOR), a benchmark which is the basis for 
determining the interest rate for the majority of floating rate loans denominated in PLN, including 
outstanding loans granted by the Bank. There is a risk borrowers under such loans may try to challenge 
the loans in court by requesting the court invalidate the loan agreements in whole or only in relation to 
the provisions concerning the calculation of interest. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank 
received approximately 120 claims from its clients challenging loans referencing WIBOR. As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, there was one final court decision resolving a dispute concerning 
calculation of interest under a loan with an interest rate based on WIBOR and two non-final court 
decisions concerning such disputes. All of these decisions were favourable to the Bank. In May 2024, 
a court hearing a dispute concerning a loan agreement with interest rate based on WIBOR decided to 
ask the Court of Justice of the European Union (the CJEU) preliminary questions concerning the loan 
agreement. As of the date of this Base Prospectus it is not certain how and when the CJEU will respond 
to the preliminary questions. Although the Bank is not a party to the dispute in which the preliminary 
questions were asked, the CJEU's responses will be an important guidance for all Polish courts hearing 
disputes concerning loan agreements with floating interest rate based on WIBOR. If Polish courts in 
the future determine that loan agreements referencing WIBOR have legal defects, a large number of

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
borrowers under such loans may decide to challenge them in courts. If the results of the majority of the 
lawsuits are unfavourable for the Bank, the Group's financial condition may materially deteriorate. 
The reform of benchmarks may have an adverse effect on the Group's financial performance. 
Under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, supervised entities other than an administrator that use a 
benchmark must produce and maintain robust written plans setting out the actions they would take in 
the event that a benchmark materially changes or ceases to be provided. Where feasible and appropriate, 
such plans shall nominate one or several alternative benchmarks that could be referenced to substitute 
for the benchmarks no longer provided, indicating why such benchmarks would be suitable alternatives. 
The supervised entities must, on request, provide the relevant competent authority with those plans and 
any updates and shall reflect them in the contractual relationship with clients. 
The Bank has a significant portfolio of mortgage loans in PLN where the interest rate is a floating rate 
being the sum of WIBOR benchmark and applicable margin, WIBOR may change over time depending 
on the current quotations on the market and liquidity needs.  
In July 2022, the National Working Group for the reform of benchmarks (the Working Group) was 
established to determine the benchmark that will replace WIBOR. The Working Group is composed of 
the representatives of the Ministry of Finance, the NBP, the KNF and the largest Polish financial 
institutions. On 27 September 2022 the Working Group announced a roadmap for phasing out WIBOR 
and replacing it with a new benchmark, Warsaw Interest Rate Overnight (WIRON). Under the 
roadmap, which was updated in October 2023, WIBOR will be withdrawn in 2027. In March 2024 the 
Working Group announced that that it will conduct a comprehensive review of all risk-free benchmarks, 
including WIRON, which may be an alternative to WIBOR. The review will take into account a wide 
range of market data and the recent changes in the macroeconomic environment. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, this review has not yet been completed. As a result, the introduction of an alternative 
to WIBOR is still pending.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the Group is not able to assess the exact impact of replacing 
WIBOR with a new benchmark on its financial performance. However, the Group cannot exclude that 
replacing WIBOR with a new benchmark may lead to an increase in the Group's financing costs or a 
decrease in the Group's interest income. The process of WIBOR transition may also result in significant 
administrative and compliance costs to the Group. 
The Group may not be able to improve or sustain its current interest rate margins or commissions on 
loans  
The net interest income achieved by the Group depends to a large extent on the levels of the Group's 
interest-bearing assets and liabilities and the average interest rates on interest-earning assets and 
interest-bearing liabilities. 
Various factors could affect the Group's ability to maintain credit and deposit margins as well as fees 
and commissions at current levels. These factors include the evolving regulatory environment, court 
judgments (for more detail please see risk factor Claims of borrowers under mortgage loans 
denominated in CHF or indexed to CHF may adversely affect the Group's financial performance) 
increasing competition in the market, changing demand for fixed and floating interest rate loans, 
possible changes in monetary policy conducted by the MPC, the level of inflation, and changes in 
interest rates (WIBOR and EURIBOR) on interbank markets. 
The Group could suffer decreasing interest rate margins for various reasons, including: 
• 
if market interest rates on floating interest rate loans decline and the Group is unable to offset 
such an effect by decreasing the rates payable on deposits;

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
• 
if interest rates payable on deposits increase as a result of additional competition among banks 
or other factors beyond the Group's control and the Group is unable to offset such an effect by 
increasing the rates on its loans; or 
• 
if increased competition on the market and economic recovery push credit spreads down. 
The Group's risk management methods may prove ineffective at mitigating credit risk 
Losses relating to credit risk may arise if the risk management policies, procedures and assessment 
methods implemented by the Group to mitigate credit risk and to protect against credit exposures prove 
less effective than expected. The Group employs qualitative tools and metrics for managing risk that 
are based on observed historical market behaviour. These tools and procedures may fail to predict future 
risk exposures, especially in a market characterised by increased volatility and falling prices. Given the 
Group's variety of lending activities, the risk management systems employed by the Group may prove 
insufficient in measuring and managing risks. 
The occurrence of any of the factors mentioned above may have a material adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition, and/or results of operations of the Group. 
The Group is exposed to operational risk related to its business activities 
Operational risk accompanies all processes at banks and its consequences can often be significant. The 
Group is subject to the risk of incurring losses or unforeseen costs relating to inadequate or failed 
internal processes, human error, system failures, errors relating to the outsourcing of the performance 
of certain services to external service providers, and external events. Typical categories of operational 
loss include: errors made during the execution of operations, record-keeping errors, business disruptions 
(caused by, for example, software or hardware failures and communication breakdowns), fraud 
(including related to credit cards), legal claims over transactions or operations and damage to assets. In 
addition, because some of the Group's business transactions are conducted via internet platforms, the 
Group is exposed to third party attacks on its IT systems which could result in financial or reputational 
loss. The Group utilises a number of IT systems to conduct its operations. Due to the high complexity 
of interactions and interdependencies among the Group's IT systems, there can be no assurance that 
these systems will always properly interact with one another or will always effectively ensure error-free 
and timely transfer of data within the IT structure of the Bank and the Group. 
The Group also outsources the performance of specific activities on its behalf, including IT services as 
well as document consignment services, cash support services, cash processing, and debt recovery to 
third parties. Additionally, the Bank outsources to external service providers the performance of certain 
services relating to the sale of retail banking products offered by the Bank. If any of the third parties on 
which the Bank relies fail to duly perform in accordance with the terms of their agreements with the 
Bank, then this could result in operational deficiencies or reputational risk for the Group. Furthermore, 
the Group may be exposed to the risk of liability to its customers and reputational loss if such external 
providers fail to duly perform their services or, specifically, if they perform their services in breach of 
applicable law or banking regulations or if they take improper actions which result in an infringement 
of third-party rights. 
Additionally, failures of the Group's operational risk management system to detect or prevent 
operational problems caused by third parties which prevent them from performing the activities 
outsourced to them could affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or 
prospects. 
The occurrence of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Group.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
The Group may not be able to hire, train or retain a sufficient number of qualified personnel 
The success of the Group's business depends, among other things, on its ability to recruit and maintain 
qualified personnel. The Group is dependent upon high-level management to implement its strategy and 
day-to-day operations. The Group endeavours to reduce the risk of losing key employees through 
various measures, including in particular through management and career development measures. 
Despite these measures, the Group may not succeed in attracting or retaining highly qualified employees 
in the future. In Poland, there is strong competition for qualified personnel specialised in banking and 
finance, especially at middle and upper management levels. 
Competition of this kind may increase the Group's personnel-related costs and make it difficult to recruit 
and offer incentives to qualified personnel. In addition, the Group's senior management or key 
employees of the Group's companies may resign or file a termination notice at any time, which could 
harm the relationships the Group's companies have developed with their customers. The Group's 
companies may not be able to retain such employees, and if they do resign, the Group's companies may 
not be able to replace them with persons of the same ability or experience. This could have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects of the Group. 
The Group's IT systems may fail or their security may be compromised 
The Group relies heavily on numerous IT systems for a variety of functions, including processing 
applications, providing information to customers, maintaining financial records and providing crucial 
financial and market data to the Bank's management board. In addition, the Group uses distribution 
channels based on an IT platform comprising online banking, mobile banking and call centres. 
The Group's activities involve the use and constant development of several IT platforms dedicated to 
the various segments of the Group. In particular, the business model of the Bank's retail segment, which 
involves offering banking services through an online transactional system and mobile applications, is 
significantly dependent on the availability, functionality and security of the Group's IT systems and, as 
a result of its high reliance on online platforms, it is also particularly exposed to third-party attacks via 
the internet, e.g. cyber-attacks. Malfunctions, in particular with respect to the use of and interactions 
between the Group's IT platforms, information leakages, service interruptions or similar events may 
affect the relationship between the Group and its customers. The Group constantly modifies and 
enhances the protective measures it takes to counteract these risks. Nevertheless, there is a risk that such 
measures may not be effective against all threats related to cyber-attacks, taking into account their 
varying nature and evolving sophistication. A successful attack could result in material losses of client 
or customer information, damage to computer systems and harm to the Group's reputation and lead to 
regulatory penalties or financial losses. 
Moreover, programming errors and similar disruptions could impact the Group's ability to serve the 
needs of its customers on a timely basis, interrupt the Group's operations, damage the Group's reputation 
or require it to incur significant technical, legal and other expenses. In addition, the integrated IT system 
or upgraded information technology systems may fail to meet the needs of the Group's growing and 
changing business. 
The Group is also subject to regulation in relation to the use of personal data. The General Data 
Protection Regulation imposes new obligations and guidelines on companies in the management and 
processing of personal data. Administrative fines of EUR 20 million or 4 per cent. of a company's annual 
turnover can be imposed for non-compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
The Group has procedures in place to ensure compliance with the relevant data protection regulations 
by its employees and any third party service providers, and has also implemented security measures to 
prevent cyber-theft. However, if the Group or any of the third-party service providers fail to store or 
transmit customer information in a secure manner, or if any loss or wrongful processing of personal 
customer data were otherwise to occur, the Group could be subject to investigative and enforcement 
action by relevant regulatory authorities and could be subject to claims or complaints from persons to 
whom the data relates, or could face liability under data protection laws. Should some or all of these 
risks materialise, this may have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Group. 
The Group faces increasing competition in Poland's banking industry 
Since Poland's accession to the EU, at which time restrictions on foreign financial institutions 
conducting certain types of business activities were lifted, the Polish banking sector has been marked 
by low barriers to entry and increasing competition, which has resulted in a number of acquisitions and 
market entries by non-Polish financial institutions. The Group primarily faces competition in its 
universal banking activities, where its competitors include large Polish and international banks 
operating in Poland's retail, corporate and investment banking markets. 
High levels of competition in the banking industry could also lead to increased pricing pressures on the 
Group's products and services, which would have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of operations of the Group. 
In addition, in recent years the Polish banking sector has experienced an ongoing trend of consolidation, 
which may allow certain of the Group's competitors to benefit from an increased scale of operations. 
The competitive position of banks, including that of the Bank, is also affected by other financial services 
providers – entities that are not banks, but which engage in the provision of financial services. While 
not regulated by the Polish Financial Supervision Authority (in Polish: Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego, 
KNF), these entities may be able to offer potential customers more attractive terms for financial services 
than regulated banks. As a result, the Polish banking sector is exposed to competition from non-
regulated entities. 
Moreover, new entrants such as fintech companies, providing online financial services, are also 
increasingly competing for customers and market share. The developing relationships between fintech 
companies and traditional banks are a noticeable trend and may have a significant impact on the existing 
market structure for banking services. New entrants to the financial services market could seek to offer 
those financial services traditionally provided by banks. 
These additional competitors are likely to add pressure on margins, especially if they are able to benefit 
from lower cost structures and less onerous regulatory requirements. 
If the Group is unable to maintain its competitive position in the Polish banking sector, this may have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Material increases in the Group's expected credit losses may have an adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations 
In connection with its credit operations, the Group regularly writes down impaired assets and records 
expected credit losses in the income statement of the Group. The total value of the Group's expected 
credit losses depends on the volume and type of borrowing activity and standards applied in the banking 
industry and is calculated based on the three-stage expected credit losses model, reflecting the change 
in the level of risk that occurs since an exposure was recognised, including losses experienced by the 
Group adjusted by expected forward-looking information, expectations on defaults in loan payments,

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
the economic situation and other factors connected with the repayment of various loans. Although the 
Bank's Management Board uses its best efforts to establish an appropriate amount of expected credit 
losses on loans and advances, that determination is subject to the evaluation of credit risk and may be 
affected by numerous factors. The Group could be required to increase its expected credit losses on 
loans and advances in the future as a result of increases in non-performing assets or for other reasons. 
Any material increase in the expected credit losses on loans and advances, any loan losses in excess of 
the previously determined expected credit losses on loans and advances with respect thereto or changes 
in the estimate of the provision for expected losses on loans and advances could have an adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The value of the Group's investment and trading portfolios may decrease 
The Group's portfolio of securities comprises debt and equity securities. The quality of the Group's 
portfolio of securities may be affected by macroeconomic factors, the general business environment 
and developments in the financial markets, and by the creditworthiness and financial position of 
counterparties to the Group's transactions. The quality of debt securities held by the Group is dependent 
upon the ability of issuers of the securities to make payments on the securities when due, which in turn 
may be affected by changes in their financial standing. 
As at 31 December 2023, the value of debt instruments issued by the Polish State Treasury and the 
National Bank of Poland in the Group's debt securities portfolio in investment and trading securities 
increased compared to 31 December 2022. A decrease in the price of such securities may occur as a 
result of several factors, in particular: (i) an increased supply of such securities by the Polish government 
due to an increased issue of those securities to finance the budget deficit or an increased offer of 
securities by investors disposing of them; or (ii) increases in domestic interest rates; or (iii) a decrease 
in the credit ratings for Poland's sovereign debt; or (iv) increased political risk and a negative perception 
of Poland by investors. Any decrease in the price of such securities could adversely affect the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group's portfolio includes negotiable financial instruments whose daily valuations depend on 
certain market parameters (such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates, prices of bonds and stocks, 
stock indices values, futures prices, and implied volatilities of options). As these parameters vary 
continuously according to market forces, valuations of the financial instruments also change 
accordingly, which may adversely impact the unrealised results of these portfolios, even though certain 
components of the market risk of those portfolios are hedged and the trading is carried out within set 
market risk limits. In addition, market movements may also adversely affect realised results of the 
trading book. Any occurrence of any of these factors may have an adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The Group has significant exposure to counterparty credit risk in connection with its banking 
operations 
The Group is exposed to counterparty risk arising from the potential inability of the Group's 
counterparties, including corporate customers, banks and other financial institutions to fulfil their 
obligations under transactions and financial instruments entered into with the Group due to a number 
of factors, including, in particular, bankruptcies, a lack of market or individual customer liquidity, 
economic downturns, adverse financial and market movements (e.g. in interest rates or foreign currency 
exchange rates, commodity prices, the implied volatility of foreign exchange options, etc), operational 
failures and increased economic and political uncertainty. A reduction in the ability of the Group's 
counterparties to fulfil such obligations, or a default by, or even concerns about the creditworthiness 
and financial standing of, one or more of the Group's counterparties could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
The Group has substantial assets, associated with foreign exchange derivatives, which include foreign 
exchange swaps, forwards and options conducted with other banking and non-banking clients. These 
foreign exchange derivatives require the customer to provide collateral if the instrument reaches a 
prescribed loss level. Due to significant changes in the PLN exchange rate against certain foreign 
currencies many customers who have purchased foreign exchange derivatives have been unable to 
provide the required collateral. 
Although the Group actively manages its liquidity requirements and foreign exchange position and 
hedges its exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risks, continued foreign exchange rate 
volatility of the PLN against foreign currencies could increase the pressure on the Group's 
counterparties and could lead to increased defaults by the Group's counterparties and further losses 
incurred by the Group on its foreign exchange derivatives. Such developments could have an adverse 
effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
Any reduction in the credit rating of the Bank and its subsidiaries could increase its cost of funding 
and adversely affect its interest margins 
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which the Group is able to obtain funding. A 
reduction in the Group companies' credit ratings could increase the costs associated with its interbank 
and capital market transactions and could adversely affect the Group's liquidity and competitive 
position, undermine confidence in the Group, increase its borrowing costs and adversely affect its 
interest margins. Furthermore, should the rating of the Bank be downgraded below investment grade, 
this could significantly impair the operating business of the Bank, the refinancing costs of the Group 
and the Bank's eligibility to act as a counterparty to derivative transactions for some market participants. 
Rating agencies' assessments are driven by a number of factors, including franchise value, 
capitalisation, profitability, applicable sovereign ratings, refinancing opportunities and liquidity as well 
as potential parental support. Pressure on the Bank's credit ratings may arise, for example, in the event 
of significantly weaker capital generation driven by poorer financial performance, a material 
deterioration of asset quality in a less favourable business environment, the downgrading of the parent 
company, Banco Santander, S.A. (Banco Santander), or the downgrading of the rating applicable to 
Poland. 
A downgrading in the rating of the Bank and its subsidiaries could increase the financing costs 
associated with transactions on the interbank market and could adversely affect the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
A high proportion of long-term mortgages in the Group's loan portfolio makes it difficult for the 
Group to adjust its loan margins to market terms whilst any deterioration in residential real estate 
prices and decreases in the value of collateral provided to the Bank may negatively affect the Group's 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations 
In accordance with Polish law, neither the Bank nor any member of the Group is able to unilaterally 
change the terms of granted loans and advances to individuals, including credit margins. As at 31 
December 2023, gross housing and mortgage loans to individuals (retail mortgage loans) constituted a 
material part (64 per cent.) of the Group's total gross loans and advances to individuals. As a result, the 
Group is limited in its ability to change its average credit portfolio margins through the generation of 
new mortgage loans and advances reflecting current credit margins on the market compared to other 
financial institutions operating on the Polish market, which have credit portfolios with a larger 
proportion of short-term loans. This limited ability to re-price its loan portfolio may adversely affect 
the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
When granting mortgage loans and calculating the applicable interest rates, the Group assumes a certain 
level of prices of residential real property securing such loans. If sale prices of residential real property

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
in Poland substantially decline for any reason, the value of the Group's security may be adversely 
affected and, in cases of foreclosure, the Group may not be able to recover the entire amount of the loan 
if the borrowers are unable to repay them. In addition, investments in real estate are characterised by 
low liquidity as compared to other types of investments and such liquidity may further deteriorate in 
periods of economic downturn. The Group cannot guarantee that if the residential real estate market in 
Poland deteriorates significantly, the ability to enforce its security in a timely and effective manner 
would not deteriorate significantly. 
The interest rates on non-mortgage loans advanced by the Group may decrease 
Polish banks (including the Bank and Santander Consumer Bank S.A. (SCB), a subsidiary of the Bank) 
are subject to restrictions on the maximum interest rates which may be charged under a loan agreement. 
Currently, the maximum interest rate is equal to the sum of the applicable reference rate of the National 
Bank of Poland and 3.5 per cent. multiplied by two. Any changes to the applicable reference rates are 
reflected in the rate which the Bank is able to charge customers on non-mortgage loans. Deterioration 
in interest rates may therefore have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
The Group faces liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank may be unable to meet current and future (including contingent) 
payment obligations as they become due. Liquidity risk may result from internal factors (for example, 
the impact of negative publicity and/or reputational damage, resulting, for instance, in excessive 
withdrawal of cash by the Bank's clients or the materialisation of credit risk) and external factors 
(turbulence and crises in the financial markets, country risk or disruption in the operation of clearing 
systems). 
The Group becomes exposed to liquidity risk when the maturities of its assets and liabilities do not 
coincide. In particular, the Group may be exposed to increased liquidity risk as a result of its holdings 
of real estate mortgage loans, which are long-term assets, but are partially financed by short-term and 
on-demand deposits. 
Maturity mismatches between the Group's assets and liabilities may have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations if the Group is unable to obtain new 
deposits or find alternative sources of funding for existing and future loan and advances portfolios. 
In terms of current and short-term liquidity risk, if a substantial portion of the Bank's clients withdraw 
their demand deposits or do not roll over their term deposits upon maturity, as would be the case with 
many other banks, the Bank's liquidity position may be adversely affected. Current liquidity may also 
be affected by unfavourable financial market conditions. If assets held by the Bank in order to provide 
liquidity become illiquid due to unforeseen financial market events or their value drops substantially, 
in such circumstances the Bank may not be able to meet its obligations as they become due and therefore 
may be forced to resort to interbank funding, which, in the event of an unstable market situation, may 
become excessively expensive and uncertain. In addition, the Bank's ability to use such external funding 
sources is directly connected with the level of credit lines available to the Bank, and this in turn is 
dependent on the Bank's financial and credit condition, as well as general market liquidity. 
A loss of liquidity or an inability to raise sufficient funds to finance its operations, particularly its 
lending operations, may have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Group. 
The Bank is subject to environmental, social and governance risks that could adversely affect its 
reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
Regulators, investors and other market participants have been increasingly focusing on environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) risks, in particular climate-related risks. The Bank is subject to such risks 
mainly through its credit portfolio and investments. For example, the Bank considers two climate-
specific risks in its credit risk management – transition risk and physical risk. Transition risk refers to 
the financial risk that may arise from the transition to a lower-carbon society. This entails the effects on 
its customers' business models from disruptive events such as changes in climate policy, regulation, 
technology or market sentiment. Depending on the nature, speed and focus of such changes, transition 
risk may pose varying degrees of risk to companies. In general, sectors that rely on fossil fuels or are 
energy-intensive are expected to be affected first and most by transition risk. Physical risk arises from 
increased severity and frequency of climate and extreme weather-related events such as droughts, 
floods, storms and sea-level rise. Physical risk can also be more gradual, arising from longer-term 
chronic shifts in climate patterns. The impact can be direct (e.g. through damage to property) or indirect 
as a result of subsequent events such as the disruption of global supply chains. 
In recognition of such risks, the Bank has implemented or is in the process of implementing a number 
of actions, including integrating ESG risks into its credit analysis and customer selection processes, 
enhancing sustainability policies and governance, and introducing various targets to reduce its fossil 
fuel exposure and to increase sustainable lending and investment activity. However, the Bank cannot 
guarantee that these actions will be effective in mitigating the relevant risks, nor can it make any 
assurances that its regulators, investors or other market participants will find its efforts to be sufficient. 
For example, the Bank may be required to terminate certain existing customer relationships as a result 
of potential exposure to ESG risks or may be subject to reputational damage if its measures are deemed 
to be insufficient. In addition, the increased focus on ESG matters may subject the Bank to increased 
regulatory scrutiny, new disclosure requirements or other additional costs, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
Risks relating to the Group and its relationship with Santander and its affiliates (the Santander 
Group) 
Banco Santander holds corporate control over the Bank 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Santander held 63,560,774 shares, representing 62.20 per 
cent. of the Bank's share capital, which gives Banco Santander the right to exercise 62.20 per cent. of 
the total number of votes at any General Shareholders' Meeting. 
Banco Santander is able to exercise corporate control over the Bank due to its share in the capital of the 
Bank and in the total number of votes at the General Meeting. In particular, Banco Santander has 
majority voting power at the General Meeting, and thus has a decisive voice regarding major corporate 
decisions, such as amendment of the Articles of Association, the issuance of new shares of the Bank, 
decreases in the Bank's share capital, the issuance of convertible bonds and the payment of dividends. 
In addition, Banco Santander holds a sufficient number of votes to appoint a majority of the members 
of the Supervisory Board, which, in turn, appoints the members of the Management Board. As a result, 
Banco Santander has the ability to exercise considerable control over the Bank's operations. 
If the interests of Banco Santander and the interests of the Group conflict, this could have an adverse 
effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The Bank's shareholders are not required to support the Bank 
The Bank is an independent entity from its principal shareholder (Banco Santander). Banco Santander 
is not obliged to provide support and finance to the Group in the future, in particular to subscribe for 
newly issued shares in any future equity offering or to ensure debt financing for the Group. If the Bank 
needs further equity injections or debt financing and/or if a significant decrease in Banco Santander's 
shareholding in the Bank in the future were to occur, a lack of financial support from Banco Santander

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
may have a negative reputational effect on the Group. A loss of control over the Bank by Banco 
Santander in the future may lead to negative consequences resulting from the agreements based on 
which the Group obtained debt financing, in particular the potential necessity to repay such debt 
financing earlier. Moreover, the Bank's issuer default ratings by Moody's and Fitch incorporate uplift 
driven by parental support, which would be removed if Banco Santander lost control over the Bank. 
The occurrence of any of these situations may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks related to legal and regulatory environment 
The introduction of the new regulations and the resulting changes in the regulatory requirements 
may have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Changes to or an increase in the regulation of the financial services and banking industry in Poland and 
internationally could have an adverse effect on the Group's business 
Regulations governing the banking and financial services industries in Poland and internationally are 
likely to increase, particularly in the current market environment where supervisors have recently 
moved to tighten regulations governing financial institutions. As a result of these and other ongoing and 
possible future changes in the financial services regulatory landscape (including requirements imposed 
on the Group as a result of governmental or regulatory initiatives, such as the recommendations of the 
European Banking Authority, the European Central Bank (the ECB) or other bodies of the European 
Union, the recommendations of the KNF and new or updated regulations from the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision), the Group may face greater regulation in Poland and other countries in which it 
conducts operations. Compliance with such changes may increase its capital requirements and costs, 
heighten disclosure requirements, hinder its ability to enter into or carry out certain types of transactions, 
affect the Group's strategy and limit or require modification of the rates or fees that it charges on certain 
loan and other products, any of which could lower the return ratio on its investments, assets and equity. 
The Group may thus face increased compliance costs and limitations on its ability to pursue certain 
business opportunities. For example, on 15 July 2024, the KNF approved a recommendation concerning 
a "long-term financing ratio". The purpose of this recommendation is to encourage Polish banks to 
increase the share of long-term debt instruments, including covered bonds, in their financing structure. 
According to the KNF, changing the banks' financing structure will reduce the maturity mismatch 
between banks' assets and liabilities. The Bank is not yet able to assess how this recommendation will 
affect the Bank and the Group. However, it is possible that because of an increased supply of debt 
securities issued by Polish financial institutions, the Group may in the future have difficulties in placing 
its own debt securities on the terms favourable to the Bank. 
As a result of new recommendations from the KNF, as well as other possible changes in existing 
recommendations and the issuance of new recommendations affecting supervision, the Bank may 
become subject to more onerous and strict supervision, increased capital adequacy requirements, 
changes in its risk model and risk management or be required to incur additional costs, and could be 
subject to restrictions on certain types of transactions. 
The occurrence of any of the above-mentioned factors may affect the Group's strategy, its growth 
potential, its fees and commissions and profit margins and, consequently, could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Litigation, administrative or other proceedings or actions may adversely affect the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations 
Due to the nature of its business, the Group may be exposed to a risk of court, administrative or other 
proceedings being instituted against it by customers, employees, shareholders and other persons in 
connection with its business. 
The outcome of litigation or similar proceedings or actions is difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs 
in these types of actions against the Bank or the Group's companies may seek recovery in large or 
indeterminate amounts or other remedies that may affect the Bank's or the Group companies' ability to 
conduct their business, and the magnitude of the potential losses relating to such actions may remain 
unknown for substantial periods of time. The cost to defend future actions may be significant. There 
may also be adverse publicity associated with litigation against particular Group companies that could 
damage the reputation of the Group or the particular Group companies concerned, regardless of whether 
the allegations are valid or whether the Group is ultimately found liable. 
As a result, litigation, administrative and other proceedings may adversely affect the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Bank and the Group may be unable to satisfy its or their required minimum capital adequacy 
ratios 
Increasing capital requirements constitute one of the Bank's main regulatory challenges and they may 
adversely affect the Bank's profitability. In addition, there would be significant operational and 
regulatory risk in the event of any possibility of failure to maintain required capital levels. 
The adequacy assessment of the Group's capital base (including, among others, the calculation of capital 
ratios and the leverage ratio, own funds and the total capital requirement) is made according to a number 
of European and Polish regulations, including Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended, the Capital Requirements 
Directive) and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 with further amendments on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms 
and amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 (as amended, the CRR Regulation or the CRR and, 
together with the Capital Requirements Directive, the CRD). 
The CRD introduced a number of fundamental reforms to the regulatory capital framework for 
internationally active banks, the principal elements of which were set out in Basel III. 
The minimum levels of mandatory capital adequacy ratios applicable to the Bank are described in 
Description of the Group – Capital management. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the capital 
adequacy ratios reported by the Bank were above the minimum levels required by KNF on both the 
standalone and consolidated levels. However, certain developments could affect the Group's ability to 
continue to satisfy the minimum capital adequacy requirements, including: 
• 
an increase in the Group's total risk exposure amount as a result of the rapid expansion of its 
business or depreciation of the PLN against the foreign currencies in which a part of the Group's 
assets are denominated; 
• 
deterioration of asset quality leading to a higher level of regulatory expected loss, which would 
cause an increased amount of capital deductions; 
• 
the Bank's ability to raise capital;

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
• 
losses resulting from a deterioration in the Group's asset quality, a reduction in income levels, 
an increase in expenses or a combination of all of the above; 
• 
a decline in the values of the Group's securities portfolio; and 
• 
changes in accounting rules or in the guidelines regarding the calculation of the capital 
adequacy ratios of banks. 
In addition, the Group may be required to raise additional capital if the applicable regulations or the 
regulators supervising the Group may lead to an increase in the minimum capital ratios applicable to 
the Group. For example, the coming into force of the Regulation (EU) 2024/1623 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 31 May 2024 (so called "CRR 3") and recent announcement by the 
Polish Ministry of Finance that the counter-cyclical buffer for Polish banks will be reinstated may 
require the Group to raise additional capital. The Group's ability to raise additional capital may be 
limited by numerous factors, including: 
• 
the Group's future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; 
• 
any necessary government regulatory approvals; 
• 
the financial condition of the Bank's majority shareholder; 
• 
financial market disruptions; 
• 
the Bank's credit rating; 
• 
general market conditions for capital-raising activities by commercial banks and other financial 
institutions; and 
• 
domestic and international economic, political and other conditions. 
A breach of existing laws relating to minimum capital adequacy ratios or the Group's minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) may result in entities in the Group being 
subject to administrative sanctions, which may result in an increase in the operating costs of the Group, 
loss of reputation, and may, consequently, it may have an adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of the Group's operations. The Group may also be subject to restrictions on its 
ability to pay discretionary distributions to holders of Tier 1 capital which may have an adverse effect 
on the Group's ability to raise capital or funding to support its operations. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive implemented into Polish law may adversely affect the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects 
Based on the reform measures developed by the Financial Stability Board (Effective Resolution of 
Systemically Important Financial Institutions) and Basel III, the European Parliament and the Council 
of the European Union adopted the BRRD. The aim of the BRRD is to minimise the burden on taxpayers 
in the event of failures on the part of banks to meet their obligations while ensuring that shareholders 
and creditors bear the costs thereof. 
Under the BRRD, the resolution authorities are vested with the necessary powers to apply resolution 
tools to institutions that meet the applicable conditions for resolution. The resolution tools include, inter 
alia, the instrument of "bail-in", which gives resolution authorities the power to write down the claims 
of the unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert debt claims to equity without the consent 
of the creditors. The resolution authorities are also vested with the power to write down "relevant capital 
instruments" in full and on a permanent basis or to convert them in full into common equity Tier 1

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
instruments before any resolution action is taken if and when one or more specific circumstances apply, 
such as the determination by the relevant resolution authority that the institution meets the conditions 
for resolution and that the institution concerned has reached the point of "non-viability". A write-down 
follows the allocation of losses and in reverse order to the order in which claims are settled in 
bankruptcy proceedings so that equity absorbs the losses in full before any debt claim is subject to write-
down. 
Under the BRRD, the costs of resolution are to be borne by the banking sector. The Member States 
should set up their own financing arrangements funded with contributions from banks and investment 
firms made by those entities proportionally to their liabilities and risk profile. Banks ought to contribute 
annually in relation to their share of specific liabilities in the total size of the national financial sector 
to reach a target funding level of at least 1 per cent. of deposits (over a ten-year period). If the ex-ante 
funds are insufficient to cover the resolution of a financial institution, further contributions will be raised 
ex-post. The relevant regulations of the BRRD were implemented in Poland under the Act on the Bank 
Guarantee Fund. 
The Bank and SCB may be required to make substantial mandatory contributions, including 
contributions to the Bank Guarantee Fund and the Borrowers' Support Fund 
Under the provisions of the Act on the Bank Guarantee Fund, the Bank and SCB are members of a 
mandatory guarantee scheme and is obliged to contribute to a deposit guarantee fund and a resolution 
fund. The Bank is also a founding member of the voluntary institutional protection scheme set up by 
eight Polish commercial banks. 
Since 2017, the amount of contributions to the bank guarantee fund and the resolution fund is calculated 
by the Bank Guarantee Fund (the BGF) individually for each bank. Contributions to the deposit 
guarantee fund are paid quarterly. The basis for calculating contributions for a given quarter is the value 
of the covered deposits in a bank, at the end of the quarter immediately preceding the quarter to which 
the contribution relates. Contributions to the banks' resolution funds are paid once a year. The basis for 
calculating contributions is the sum of a bank's liabilities (net of own funds and covered deposits) as at 
the last approved annual financial statements before 31 December of the year preceding the year of 
contribution and the institution's risk profile, taking into account the risk assessment in the areas of risk 
exposure, stability and diversity of funding sources, importance of the institution to the stability of the 
financial system or the economy, and additional indicators defined at the national level. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023 the value of the Group's BGF contribution for both funds 
amounted to PLN 174.6 million, compared to PLN 264.6 million in 2022.  
Due to the relatively large scale of the Bank's operations, if a member of the mandatory guarantee 
scheme were to declare bankruptcy, the Bank may be obliged to make larger payments to the BGF than 
other members of the deposit guarantee system. 
The Group may fail to comply with, or be subject to changes in, certain regulatory requirements 
applicable to banking and other regulated business, or with the guidelines set forth by financial 
supervisory authorities on the markets where the Group is present 
Apart from its banking operations, the Group also renders other regulated financial services and offers 
transactional banking products, products relating to the market for financial instruments and insurance 
products that are subject to the supervision of the KNF, the authority supervising financial markets, 
including the banking sector in Poland and other relevant authorities in the jurisdictions where it 
operates. The scope of supervision and regulation of these products and services is also dependent on 
directives and regulations issued by European regulatory authorities.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
The increasing number and ambiguity of certain regulatory requirements, and their application to the 
Group on the markets where the Group is present, together with changes to the regulatory requirements 
and guidelines, has placed an increased burden on the Bank and other Group entities to amend their 
internal policies and procedures in order to meet the requirements of the competent supervisory 
authorities and EU directives and regulations, which in some cases may have led to instances of non-
compliance of the Bank and other Group entities. In addition, the requirements and obligations 
stemming from different jurisdictions and the application thereof may be unclear and contradictory and 
in some cases may have led to instances of non-compliance by the Bank and other Group entities. 
Uncertainty with regard to the new rules and guidelines during the period in which they are implemented 
in the jurisdictions relevant to the Group, as well as potential further changes to European or Polish 
banking regulations, may impact the Group's ability to access capital or carry out certain business 
activities. 
A failure to satisfy these requirements may expose the Bank or other Group entities to sanctions, fines 
and other penalties, which may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and 
results of operations of the Group. 
The KNF may identify issues during inspections of the Bank in the future which, if not adequately 
resolved by the Bank, may result in sanctions, fines or other penalties 
In the course of its activities, the Group is subject to numerous inspections, reviews, audits and 
explanatory proceedings conducted by various supervisors who oversee the financial services sector 
and other areas in which the Group operates, including the KNF and the Office for Competition and 
Consumer Protection (the OCCP).  
If any irregularities are found by these supervisory authorities and the Bank fails to remedy them 
(provided that such possibility is given) the Bank may be exposed to sanctions, fines and other penalties 
as prescribed by the Banking Law. This could affect the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Group. 
Interpretation of Polish tax law regulations may be unclear and Polish tax laws and regulations may 
change 
The Polish tax system is subject to frequent changes. Some provisions of Polish tax law are ambiguous 
and often there is no unanimous or uniform interpretation of law or uniform practice by the tax 
authorities. Because of different interpretations of Polish tax law, the risk connected with Polish tax law 
may be greater than that under other tax jurisdictions in more developed markets. The Bank cannot 
guarantee that the Polish tax authorities will not take a different, unfavourable, interpretation of tax 
provisions implemented by the Bank or any Group member, which may have an adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The Bank may be required to implement a recovery plan under Polish banking law 
In the event of a breach, or a threat of a breach, by the Bank of capital adequacy requirements, significant 
deterioration in the financial situation of the Bank, including the occurrence of a balance sheet loss or 
a threat thereof, a threat of insolvency or liquidity loss, increasing levels of financial leverage, increases 
in the Bank's leverage ratio or in the value of its non-performing loans, or the concentration of exposure, 
the Bank's management board shall forthwith notify the KNF and the BGF and shall ensure 
implementation of a recovery plan. 
The KNF may by way of a decision:

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
• 
address the management board of the Bank with a request to implement a recovery plan, 
including taking the measures specified in the recovery plan or an update thereof if the premises 
for its implementation differ from the premises adopted during development of the recovery 
plan or to take, within a specified period of time, actions provided for in the updated recovery 
plan in order to fulfil the capital adequacy requirements as they apply to the Bank or to improve 
the bank's financial situation; 
• 
prohibit or restrict the granting of credit and loans to shareholders (members) and members of 
the management board, the supervisory board and employees of the Bank; 
• 
order the reduction or withholding of payment of certain variable components of remuneration 
of persons holding managerial positions in the Bank; 
• 
ask the management board of the Bank to convene an extraordinary general meeting of 
shareholders in order to assess the situation of the Bank, adopt a decision to cover a balance 
sheet loss or to adopt other resolutions, including resolutions on an increase in own funds; 
• 
request the dismissal of one or more members of the management board or of persons holding 
managerial positions if these persons fail to guarantee prudent and sound management of the 
Bank; 
• 
order, when considering a recovery plan, the preparation and implementation of a restructuring 
plan for liabilities towards some or all of the creditors; 
• 
request the Bank to amend its business strategy; or 
• 
order the statutes of the Bank, or its organisational structure, to be amended. 
The KNF may also appoint a trustee to oversee the execution of the recovery plan. The trustee may 
participate in the meetings of a bank's governing bodies and have access to all information necessary to 
perform its duties. The trustee may also file with the relevant court an objection against the decisions 
of the management board and the supervisory board. In addition, with the consent of the KNF, the 
trustee may convene an extraordinary general meeting of the Bank. 
If the measures ordered by the KNF are insufficient or in order to ensure the effectiveness of the 
recovery plan being implemented or if the implementation of the recovery plan is insufficient to remedy 
the situation of the bank, the KNF may decide to establish a receivership in respect of the Bank. Upon 
the establishment of a receivership, the supervisory board shall be suspended, whereas the management 
board members of the Bank shall be removed by operation of law and previously established proxy and 
powers of attorney shall expire. 
There can be no assurance that the Bank, especially in the event of a deterioration in the results of its 
operations or high regulatory burdens, would not be required to implement a recovery plan. Such risk 
would increase if the banks in Poland were forced to convert CHF mortgage loans into PLN at 
preferential rates. Any failure of the Bank to correctly implement the recovery plan may have an adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations and on the Group's ability 
to implement its strategies as set forth in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the Issuer's option for taxation reasons or upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event or an MREL Disqualification Event, subject to 
certain conditions 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes 
due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Poland or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax (a Tax Jurisdiction), the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all 
outstanding Notes (other than Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) in whole, but not in part, in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The Notes may be also redeemed for taxation reasons if (in the 
case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the 
Issuer is no longer entitled to claim a deduction in respect of any payments in computing its taxation 
liabilities or the value of such deduction to the Issuer would be materially reduced, provided that the 
Issuer may only redeem such Notes if it has delivered (i) a certificate signed by two members of its 
Management Board; (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers; and (iii) in the case of Senior Notes 
or the Senior Subordinated Notes eligible to comply with the Applicable MREL Regulations or the Tier 
2 Subordinated Notes, if required under Applicable Banking Regulations, confirmation of the 
Regulator's and/or Relevant Resolution Authority's consent to the redemption is received, as further 
described in Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax reasons). 
Furthermore, if a Capital Disqualification Event occurs as a result of a change (or any pending change 
which the Regulator considers sufficiently certain) in Polish law, the law of any other relevant 
jurisdiction or Applicable Banking Regulations becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer 
may redeem all, and not some only, of any Series of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes subject to such 
redemption being permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations then in force and subject to the 
prior consent of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as applicable (if such 
permission is required), as further described in Condition 9.3 (Early Redemption due to Capital 
Disqualification Event). 
If a MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and 
a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, the Senior Subordinated Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and Senior Notes eligible to comply with Applicable MREL Regulations may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject to such redemption being permitted 
by the Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations) then in force, and subject to the prior consent of the Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (if such permission is required), as further described in Condition 9.4 (Early 
Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event). 
As above mentioned, the redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes of the Issuer at the option of the 
Issuer is subject to the permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as 
applicable (if such permission is required) and pursuant to article 78(1) of the CRR such permission 
will be given only if either of the following conditions is met: 
(a) 
on or before such redemption of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, the Issuer replaces the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of an equal or higher quality on terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the competent authority that its own funds 
would, following such redemption, exceed the capital ratios (including any applicable buffers) 
required under the CRR by a margin that the Regulator may consider necessary on the basis set 
out in the CRR.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Where the Issuer has the right to redeem Notes, it may be more likely to do so when its cost of borrowing 
is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes eligible to comply with Applicable MREL 
Regulations, Senior Non Preferred Notes and/or Senior Subordinated Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes eligible to comply with Applicable MREL 
Regulations, Senior Non Preferred Notes and/or Senior Subordinated Notes is subject to compliance by 
the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the Applicable MREL 
Regulations at the relevant time, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or 
repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Notes eligible to comply with Applicable MREL 
Regulations, Senior Non Preferred Notes and/or Senior Subordinated Notes at such time as eligible 
liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements. 
Notes may be required to absorb losses as a result of statutory powers conferred on resolution and 
recovery authorities in Poland 
The BRRD provides member states' authorities with a set of tools and powers for dealing with failing 
banks and requires banks to facilitate this process by providing information for recovery and resolution 
planning purposes. The purpose of the BRRD is to guarantee that the restructuring of banks on the verge 
of insolvency occurs without imposing any additional costs on taxpayers and that the costs of 
restructuring are distributed between the banks' shareholders and creditors. The BRRD contains the 
following resolution tools that may be used alone or in combination in the event that the relevant 
resolution authority believes that: (i) an institution is failing or likely to fail; (ii) there is no reasonable 
prospect of any alternative private sector measures preventing the failure of such institution within a 
reasonable timeframe; and (iii) a resolution action is in the public interest: 
• 
the sale of a business – enabling the resolution authorities to direct the sale of the institution or 
a part of its business; 
• 
a bridge institution – enabling the resolution authorities to transfer all or a part of the business 
of the institution to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or 
partially under public control); 
• 
asset separation – enabling the resolution authorities to transfer assets to a publicly owned asset 
management vehicle to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value 
through a potential sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution 
tool only); 
• 
a bail-in – giving resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured 
creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims to equity; and 
• 
stay powers – the power of resolution authorities to suspend or restrict rights or obligations. 
The powers provided to resolution and competent authorities (BGF in Poland) in the BRRD include 
write-down/conversion powers to ensure that relevant capital instruments (such as Notes issued under 
the Programme) fully absorb losses at the point of non-viability of the issuing institution in order to 
allow it to continue as a going concern subject to appropriate restructuring. For the purposes of the 
application of any non-viability loss absorption measure (i) the point of non-viability of a relevant entity 
under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority or authorities, as the case may be, 
determine(s) that the relevant entity or its group meets the conditions for resolution or will no longer be

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as Notes issued under the Programme) are written 
down or converted into equity or extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant entity 
other than, where the entity is an institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the 
economy of an EEA member state and to preserve financial stability; and (ii) the point of non-viability 
of a group is the point at which the group infringes or there are objective elements to support a 
determination that the group, in the near future, will infringe its consolidated prudential requirements 
in a way that would justify action by the appropriate authority, including but not limited to because the 
group has incurred or is likely to incur losses that will deplete all or a significant amount of its own 
funds. 
As a result, the BRRD contemplates that resolution authorities may require the permanent write-down 
of such capital instruments (which write-down may be in full) or the conversion of them into CET1 
instruments at the point of non-viability (which CET1 instruments may also be subject to any 
application of the general bail-in tool described above) and before any other bail-in or resolution tool 
can be used. The application of any non-viability loss absorption measure may result in Noteholders 
losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of any such power may be inherently unpredictable 
and may depend on a number of factors which may be outside the Issuer's control. Any such exercise, 
or any suggestion that the Notes could become subject to such exercise, could, therefore, materially 
adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
By acquiring the Notes, each Noteholder and each beneficial owner acknowledges, accepts, consents 
and agrees to be bound by (a) the effect of the exercise of any bail-in power by the Polish resolution 
authority that may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the 
reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other 
outstanding amounts due under, or in respect of, the Notes; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the 
principal amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under, or in 
respect of, the Notes into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by 
means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes; (iii) the cancellation of 
the Notes; (iv) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period; and (b) the variation of the terms of the Notes, if necessary, 
to give effect to the exercise of any Polish bail-in power by the Polish resolution authority; and (c) if 
applicable, the exercise of any stay powers of the relevant resolution authority to suspend or restrict 
rights and obligations. The exercise of any such powers or any suggestion of, or perception of there 
being an increased likelihood of, such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of 
Noteholders, the price or value of the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations 
under the Notes. 
While the BRRD provides for compensation to be paid to certain creditors (which may in certain cases 
be given in the form of equity shares) who receive less in a resolution of a relevant entity than they 
would have received had that entity been allowed to enter into normal insolvency proceedings (known 
as the ''no creditor worse off'' or ''NCWO'' protection), there can be no guarantee that any Noteholder 
will be eligible to receive compensation for any losses in respect of their Notes, or that any 
compensation received will cover their losses on their Notes in full. and there can be no assurance that 
any such Noteholder would recover such compensation promptly. However, this "no creditor worse off" 
protection may not apply in relation to an application of the write-down and conversion power in 
circumstances where the resolution tools and powers under BRRD are not also exercised. The exercise 
of such mandatory write-down and conversion powers under the BRRD or any suggestion of such 
exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of holders of debt securities issued by 
the Issuer, the price or value of their investment and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations 
under such debt securities.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
Absence of events of default in respect of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes, and 
certain Senior Notes 
The Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Senior Notes eligible to comply with 
Applicable MREL Regulations (as specified in the Applicable Final Terms) do not provide for any 
events of default. The Noteholders will not be able to accelerate the maturity of such Notes. 
Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under such Notes, investors will not have the 
right of acceleration of principal. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to the Noteholders 
and, where applicable, the Couponholders for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment 
of principal or interest on such Notes will be the institution of judicial proceedings to enforce such 
payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such 
proceedings, be required to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been due 
and payable by it. Noteholders will not have any right to petition for the bankruptcy or liquidation of 
the Issuer under Polish law as only the KNF and the BGF are authorised to file an insolvency application 
covering a Polish bank. 
Senior Non Preferred Notes constitute obligations ranking junior to the Senior Notes 
The Issuer's obligations under the Senior Non Preferred Notes including, where applicable any related 
Coupons, are unsecured so they will rank junior in priority of payment to other creditors (such as 
depositors and creditors in respect of principal or interest on certain liabilities of the Bank (including 
the Senior Notes)) of the Issuer, as more fully described herein. Although the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable notes that are senior to them, there is a 
substantial risk that investors in notes such as the Senior Non Preferred Notes will lose all or some of 
their investment should the Issuer become insolvent or become subject to any resolution procedure. 
Noteholders of Senior Non Preferred Notes face an increased risk compared to the Noteholders of the 
Senior Notes. 
Subordinated Notes constitute subordinated obligations ranking junior to the Senior Notes 
The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes including, where applicable any related Coupons, 
are unsecured and subordinated so they will rank junior in priority of payment to other creditors (such 
as depositors and other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors of the Bank (including the Senior 
Notes)) of the Issuer, as more fully described herein. Although the Subordinated Notes may pay a higher 
rate of interest than comparable notes that are not subordinated, there is a substantial risk that investors 
in subordinated notes such as the Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of their investment should 
the Issuer become insolvent or become subject to any resolution procedure. Subordinated Noteholders 
face an increased risk compared to the Noteholders of the Senior Notes. 
The Issuer's gross-up obligation under certain of the Notes is limited 
The Issuer's obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect 
of taxes under the terms of each Series of (i) Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, 
(ii) Senior Non Preferred Notes, (iii) Senior Subordinated Notes or (iv) Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
applies only to payments of interest due and paid under such Notes and not to payments of principal 
(which term, for these purposes, includes any premium, final redemption amount, early redemption 
amount, optional redemption amount and any other amount (other than interest) which may from time 
to time be payable in respect of such Notes). As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any 
additional amounts under the terms of any Series of (i) Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL 
Requirements, (ii) Senior Non Preferred Notes, (iii) Senior Subordinated Notes or (iv) Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. 
Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under 
any Series of such Notes, holders of such Notes would, upon repayment or redemption of such Notes, 
be entitled to receive only the net amount of such redemption or repayment proceeds after deduction of

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
the amount required to be withheld. Therefore, holders may receive less than the full amount due under 
such Notes, and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected as a result. 
Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of 
any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to 
reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in the Notes which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact 
this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
The terms of the Notes may contain a waiver of set-off rights 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that, if so specified in the Final Terms, Noteholders 
waive any deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or 
indirectly under or in connection with any Note against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or 
may have or acquire against any Noteholder, directly or indirectly howsoever arising. As a result 
Noteholders would not at any time be entitled to set off the Issuer's obligations under the Notes against 
obligations owed by them to the Issuer. 
Notes may be subject to substitution and modification without Noteholder consent 
To the extent that Condition 15 (Substitution and Variation) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable to the Notes, if a Capital Disqualification Event, an MREL Disqualification Event or 
a circumstance giving rise to the right of the Issuer to redeem the Notes for taxation reasons under 
Condition 9.2 occurs and is continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes 
or modify the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, to ensure that such substituted or varied Notes continue to qualify as Tier 
2 Capital or towards the Issuer's MREL Requirements as applicable, or in order to ensure the

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
effectiveness of Condition 25 (Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in 
Tool). 
While the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of the Notes that, in its reasonable opinion, are 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders of such Notes, there can be no assurances as to whether 
any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp 
duty consequences of holding such varied Notes, or implementing the relevant subscription or variation, 
could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for 
them of holding the Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR and WIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in 
the future 
The EURIBOR, WIBOR and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed 
to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution 
of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use 
in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the 
FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR, WIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could 
(amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, 
national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could 
increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark 
and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain benchmarks, 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain benchmarks or lead to the discontinuance 
or unavailability of quotes of certain benchmarks. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the ECB announced that it would 
be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight 
rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial 
instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free 
rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate (€STR) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The 
€STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been 
reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with 
€STR or an alternative benchmark. 
Another example of such benchmark reforms is the approaching transition from WIBOR to a new 
benchmark. In July 2022, the Working Group was established to determine the benchmark that will 
replace WIBOR. The Working Group is composed of the representatives of the Ministry of Finance, 
the NBP, the KNF and the largest Polish financial institutions. On 27 September 2022 the Working 
Group announced a roadmap for phasing out WIBOR and replacing it with a new benchmark, WIRON. 
Under the roadmap, which was updated in October 2023, WIBOR will be withdrawn in 2027. In March 
2024 the Working Group announced that that it will conduct a comprehensive review of all risk-free 
benchmarks, including WIRON, which may be an alternative to WIBOR. The review will take into 
account a wide range of market data and the recent changes in the macroeconomic environment. As a 
result, changes to the roadmap are possible, and WIBOR may be replaced by a benchmark other than 
WIRON, if the Working Group decides so. 
The elimination of EURIBOR, WIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation 
provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 7.8 (Benchmark Discontinuation)), or 
result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating 
Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR, WIBOR or any other such benchmark that is 
subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the 
nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect 
such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading 
market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark, such as EURIBOR or WIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark 
may be published (or any other successor service)) becomes unavailable, or a Benchmark Event or a 
Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), as applicable, 
otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of 
Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by 
reference to any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant governmental body 
or in order to put the Issuer and the Holders in substantially the same economic position as prior to the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not 
achieve this objective.  Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the rate of interest for a particular 
Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This 
may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) in certain circumstances, the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms 
or arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates for Floating 
Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) and 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop. 
This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such 
rates and methodologies might be adopted.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference 
risk-free rates issued under this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing 
SONIA, or SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any 
previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding 
or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies (including "shift", "lag", 
and "lock-out" methodologies) have been used in risk-free rate notes issued to date. No assurance can 
be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the terms and 
conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market participants and 
relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including 
various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market's 
forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight 
rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. 
If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading 
price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices 
that are more widely used. The nascent development of overnight rates as interest reference rates for 
the bond markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates could result in reduced liquidity 
or increased volatility or could otherwise adversely affect the market price of any such Notes issued 
under the Programme from time to time. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
Notes which reference SONIA or SOFR. 
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a 
limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects. These include 
(without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted 
average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank 
offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include 
a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may 
behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and 
therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that 
reason, future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical 
performance. The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to 
historical levels. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation 
to such rates such as correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical 
performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely 
on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of 
being determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for 
investors in Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which 
will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes 
without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking 
rates become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 13 (Events of Default), 
or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of 
Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending 
immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for 
redemption. 
The administrators of SONIA and SOFR may make changes that could change the value of these 
reference rates or discontinue any of these reference rates 
The Bank of England or the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York (or their successors) as administrators 
of SONIA and SOFR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the 
value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such 
risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or 
SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA or SOFR. In addition, the administrator may alter, 
discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which case a fallback 
method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to 
consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing 
any such risk-free rate. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the 
Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global 
Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper (as the case may be) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global 
Note, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by 
one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. A 
holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests 
in the Global Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Investors who purchase bearer Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the 
Specified denomination may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be 
issued 
In relation to any issue of bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum specified 
denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum specified 
denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which 
is less than the minimum specified denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the 
relevant time may not receive a definitive bearer Note in respect of such holding (should definitive 
bearer Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding 
amounts to a specified denomination. If such bearer Notes in definitive Form are issued, holders should 
be aware that definitive bearer Notes which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the 
minimum specified denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
In the event of a Partial Redemption Noteholders may be left with an amount of Notes lower than 
the Specified Denomination 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes in accordance with Condition 9.6 (Partial redemption), it 
is possible that a Holder may be left with an amount of Notes lower than the Specified Denomination, 
or that is not an integral multiple of the Specified Denomination. Such amounts would be illiquid and 
difficult to trade, and such a Holder would need to purchase additional Notes in order to be able to trade. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modifications without the 
consent of all investors 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders (including by way 
of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to 
the majority. 
The value of the Notes could be materially adversely impacted by a change in English law, Polish 
law or administrative law 
The provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are based on English law in effect 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The provisions of the Conditions are based on English and Polish 
law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible judicial decision or change to law or administrative practice in either jurisdiction after the date 
of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes 
affected by it. 
The interest rate on Reset Fixed Rate Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to 
affect interest payments on an investment in Reset Fixed Rate Notes and could affect the market 
value of Reset Fixed Rate Notes 
Reset Fixed Rate Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the 
First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent 
Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate 
and the First Margin or the Subsequent Margin, as applicable, as determined by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest). 
The Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of interest for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the Reset Fixed Rate Notes. 
Risks relating to the market generally 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. In addition, should the Issuer be in financial distress, this is likely to have a further significant 
impact on the secondary market for the Notes and investors may have to sell their Notes at a substantial 
discount to their principal amount. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, 
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. Government 
and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment in the 
Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. In the event a rating assigned to the Notes and/or the Issuer is lowered for

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
any reason, the market value of the Notes may be adversely affected, but no person or entity is obliged 
to provide any additional support or credit enhancement with respect to the Notes. 
In general, regulated investors established in the EU are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from 
using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, 
unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA registered credit rating agency or the relevant 
non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement 
action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered 
and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, 
as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed 
by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of any rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation 
or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documents set out below that are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are, where 
indicated, direct translations into English from the original Polish language documents. To the extent 
that there are any inconsistencies between the original language versions and the translations, the 
original language versions shall prevail. The information set out shall be deemed to be incorporated in, 
and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 
December 
2023 
(published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
https://www.santander.pl/regulation_file_server/time20240216093245/download?id=166865
&lang=en_US) prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the EU (IFRS) (the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements) (audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Polska spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością Audyt sp. k.), 
included in the consolidated annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 
which constitute a free translation from the Polish version into the English language: 
(a) 
consolidated income statement (page 6); 
(b) 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 7); 
(c) 
consolidated statement of financial position (page 8); 
(d) 
consolidated statement of changes in equity (page 9); 
(e) 
consolidated statement of cash flows (page 10); and 
(f) 
additional notes to consolidated financial statements (pages 11-155); 
2. 
the separate independent registered auditor's report on the 2023 Consolidated Financial 
Statements (pages 1-13) which constitutes a free translation from the Polish version into the 
English 
language 
(published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
https://www.santander.pl/regulation_file_server/time20240216094420/download?id=166868
&lang=en_US); 
3. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 
December 
2022 
(published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
https://www.santander.pl/regulation_file_server/time20230222101618/download?id=165126
&lang=en_US) prepared in accordance with the IFRS (the 2022 Consolidated Financial 
Statements) 
(audited 
by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Polska 
spółka 
z 
ograniczoną 
odpowiedzialnością Audyt sp. k.), included in the consolidated annual report of the Group for 
the year ended 31 December 2022 which constitute a free translation from the Polish version 
into the English language: 
(a) 
consolidated income statement (page 6); 
(b) 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 7); 
(c) 
consolidated statement of financial position (page 8); 
(d) 
consolidated statement of changes in equity (page 9); 
(e) 
consolidated statement of cash flows (page 10); and

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
(f) 
additional notes to consolidated financial statements (pages 11-165); 
4. 
the separate independent registered auditor's report on the 2022 Consolidated Financial 
Statements (pages 1-15) which constitutes a free translation from the Polish version into the 
English 
language 
(published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
https://www.santander.pl/regulation_file_server/time20230222090351/download?id=165119
&lang=en_US); 
5. 
the unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements of the Group for the six-
month 
period 
ended 
30 
June 
2024 
(published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
https://www.santander.pl/regulation_file_server/time20240724092949/download?id=167378
&lang=en_US) prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34 as 
adopted by the European Union (the Interim Financial Statements), included in the 
consolidated report of the Group for the first half of 2024, which constitute a free translation 
from the Polish version into the English language: 
(a) 
condensed consolidated income statement (page 6); 
(b) 
condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 7); 
(c) 
condensed consolidated statement of financial position (pages 8-9); 
(d) 
condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity (page 10); 
(e) 
condensed consolidated statement of cash flows (pages 11-12); and 
(f) 
additional notes to condensed interim consolidated financial statements (pages 13 - 62); 
6. 
the separate independent registered auditor's report on the review of the Interim Financial 
Statements (pages 1-2) which constitutes a free translation from the Polish version into the 
English 
language 
(published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
https://www.santander.pl/regulation_file_server/time20240724084615/download?id=167383
&lang=en_US); and 
7. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out on page 111-165 of the Issuer's base prospectus 
dated 
5 
October 
2023 
relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
(https://www.santander.pl/regulation_file_server/download?id=166475&lang=en_US);  
The independent registered auditor's reports on the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements and the 
2023 Consolidated Financial Statements mentioned above contain references to "Other Information" 
(including the Management Board Report). Such "Other Information" does not form a part of this Base 
Prospectus. Any information not listed above but included in the documents incorporated by reference 
is given for information purposes only. The Issuer accepts responsibility as to the accuracy and 
completeness of any translations into English set out in any documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained, free of charge, 
at the specified offices of the Paying Agent, unless such documents have been modified or superseded. 
Such documents will also be available to view on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/).

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to 
supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a document 
which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, of the rights attaching to the Notes and 
the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different types of Notes which 
may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary 
information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is 
required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be 
contained either in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of 
that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as supplemented to the extent 
described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent 
described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of each issue of Notes will be used by the Issuer for general corporate purposes. If, in 
respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER AND OVERVIEW OF THE 
GROUP'S FINANCIAL CONDITION 
Presentation of financial information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Group has 
been derived from the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements, the 2022 Consolidated Financial 
Statements or the Interim Financial Statements.  
The Group's financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific 
year are to the year ended ended on 31 December of such year. The Group's annual financial statements 
have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, while the Interim Financial Statements have been 
prepared in accordance with IAS 34, Interim Financial Reporting.  
Restatements of financial information for prior periods 
In 2023 the Group, as a result of implementing the KNF recommendations, corrected certain prior 
period errors, introduced certain changes to its accounting policies and presentation, which had an effect 
on comparative, previously published financial information, which is included in this Base Prospectus. 
Details of the introduced changes and their impact on comparative periods are presented below.  
In the fourth quarter of 2023 the Bank received a recommendation from the KNF stating that: 
• 
when preparing subsequent consolidated and separate financial statements and condensed 
consolidated and separate financial statements, the Bank should: 
− 
classify the bond portfolio as financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income; and 
− 
reverse the effects of the reclassification made in 2022; and 
• 
when preparing the consolidated and separate financial statements for 2023, the Bank should 
correct the comparative amounts for 2022 to account for the above recommendation in 
accordance with paragraph 42(a) of IAS 8. 
The Bank's Management Board thoroughly analysed the regulatory recommendation and decided to 
implement it when preparing the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements and the Interim Financial 
Statements. Accordingly, the Bank made a retrospective correction in these consolidated financial 
statements and classified again the portfolio of selected debt securities as financial assets measured at 
fair value through other comprehensive income. The impact of the above corrections on the 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements and on the published interim condensed consolidated financial 
statements as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2023 (representing also comparative financial 
information in the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements and in the Interim Financial Statements, 
respectively) is presented below.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
Items in the consolidated income statement 
 
 
For the period: 1 January 2023 – 30 June 2023 
 
(PLN thousand) 
 
Before 
Adjustment 
After 
Interest income and similar to interest 
8,884,751 
- 
8,884,751 
Interest income on financial assets measured at 
amortised cost 
7,273,344 
(101,809) 
7,171,535 
Interest income on financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income 
1,111,160 
101,809 
1,212,969 
Income similar to interest on financial assets 
measured at fair value through profit or loss 
54,747 
- 
54,747 
Income similar to interest on finance leases 
445,500 
- 
445,500 
 
 
For the period: 1 January 2022 – 31 December 2022 
 
(PLN thousand) 
 
Before 
Adjustment 
After 
Interest income and similar to interest 
12,538,584 
- 
12,538,584 
Interest income on financial assets measured at 
amortised cost 
9,804,957 
(154,145) 
9,650,812 
Interest income on financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income 
1,965,093 
154,145 
2,119,238 
Income similar to interest on financial assets 
measured at fair value through profit or loss 
96,144 
 
96,144 
Income similar to interest on finance leases 
672,390 
 
672,390 
Items in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
 
 
For the period: 1 January 2023 – 30 June 2023 
 
(PLN thousand) 
 
Before 
Adjustment 
After 
Consolidated net profit for the period 
2,363,461 
 
2,363,461 
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss: 
832,030 
557,096 
1,389,126 
Revaluation and sales of debt financial assets 
measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income gross 
566,966 
687,773 
1,254,739 
Deferred tax 
(107,723) 
(130,677) 
(238,400) 
Revaluation of cash flow hedging instruments gross 
459,946 
- 
459,946 
Deferred tax 
(87,159) 
- 
(87,159) 
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently 
to profit or loss 
19,321 
- 
19,321 
Total other comprehensive income, net 
851,351 
557,096 
1,408,447 
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR 
THE PERIOD 
3,214,812 
557,096 
3,771,908 
Total comprehensive income attributable to: 
 
 
 
- owners of the parent entity 
3,142,827 
557,096 
3,699,923 
- non-controlling interests 
71,985 
- 
71,985

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
 
For the period: 1 January 2022 – 31 December 2022 
 
(PLN thousand) 
 
Before 
Adjustment 
After 
Consolidated net profit for the period 
3,008,775 
- 
3,008,775 
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss: 
240,999 
(1,649,990) 
(1,408,991) 
Revaluation and sales of debt financial assets 
measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income gross 
644,459 
(2,037,025) 
(1,392,566) 
Deferred tax 
(122,447) 
387,035 
264,588 
Revaluation of cash flow hedging instruments gross 
(346,930) 
- 
(346,930) 
Deferred tax 
65,917 
- 
65,917 
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently 
to profit or loss 
17,123 
- 
17,123 
Total other comprehensive income, net 
258,122 
(1,649,990) 
(1,391,868) 
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR 
THE PERIOD 
3,266,897 
(1,649,990) 
1,616,907 
Total comprehensive income attributable to: 
 
 
 
- owners of the parent entity 
3,075,280 
(1,649,990) 
1,425,290 
- non-controlling interests 
191,617 
- 
191,617 
Items in the consolidated statement of financial position 
 
 
As at 31 December 2022 
 
(PLN thousand) 
 
Before 
Adjustment 
After 
Investment securities including: 
55,371,137 
(2,037,025) 
53,334,112 
- debt securities measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
39,539,535 
10,306,314 
49,845,849 
- debt investment securities measured at amortised 
cost 
15,449,348 
(12,343,339) 
3,156,009 
Deferred tax assets 
2,098,733 
387,035 
2,485,768 
Total assets 
259,167,215 
(1,649,990) 
257,517,225 
Revaluation reserve 
(1,131,335) 
(1,649,990) 
(2,781,325) 
Total equity 
30,115,338 
(1,649,990) 
28,465,348 
Total liabilities and equity 
259,167,215 
(1,649,990) 
257,517,225 
Items in the consolidated statement of changes in equity 
 
 
For the period: 1 January 2023 – 30 June 2023 
 
(PLN thousand) 
 
Revaluation 
reserve 
Total equity 
 
Revaluation 
reserve 
Total equity 
 
Before 
Before 
Adjustment 
After 
After 
As at the beginning of the period 
(1,131,335) 
30,115,338 
(1,649,990) 
(2,781,325) 
28,465,348 
Total comprehensive income 
851,351 
3,214,812 
557,096 
1,408,447 
3,771,908 
Other comprehensive income 
851,351 
851,351 
557,096 
1,408,447 
1,408,447

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
As at the end of the period 
(299,360) 
33,408,143 
(1,092,894) 
(1,392,254) 
32,315,249 
 
 
For the period: 1 January 2022 – 31 December 2022 
 
(PLN thousand) 
 
Revaluation 
reserve 
Total equity 
 
Revaluation 
reserve 
Total equity 
 
Before 
Before 
Adjustment 
After 
After 
As at the beginning of the period 
(1,354,715) 
27,213,576 
- 
(1,354,715) 
27,213,576 
Total comprehensive income 
276,182 
3,266,897 
(1,649,990) 
(1,373,808) 
1,616,907 
Other comprehensive income 
276,182 
258,122 
(1,649,990) 
(1,373,808) 
(1,391,868) 
As at the end of the period 
(1,131,335) 
30,115,338 
(1,649,990) 
(2,781,325) 
28,465,348 
As a result of the changes above, financial information in this Base Prospectus is provided, where 
relevant, on restated basis. 
Selected financial information for the six-months period ended 30 June 2024 
For the six-months period ended 30 June 2024, the Group's total income (calculated as the sum of net 
interest income, net fee and commission income, dividend income, net trading income and revaluation, 
gains (less losses) from financial securities, gains/losses on derecognition of financial instruments 
measured at amortised cost and other operating income) reached PLN 8,283.5 million, which represents 
an increase of 9.0 per cent. compared to the six-months period ended 30 June 2023. The increase was 
mainly driven by the increase in net interest income which was supported by the high NBP reference 
rates.  
As in the first half of 2023, net interest income was the Group's largest income source in the first half 
of 2024 (80.5 per cent. of total income). In the first half of 2024, net interest income reached PLN 
6.672.2 million, an increase of 6.0 per cent. as compared to the first half of 2023. The main reasons for 
the increase in the net interest income were the increase in market interest rates and the growth of the 
Group's key loan portfolios.  
For the six months ended 30 June 2024, interest income increased by 3.7 per cent. to PLN 9,213.9 
million (compared with PLN 8,884.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023). This increase was 
a result of an increased interest income on all interest-generating asset classes, i.e. loans and advances 
to enterprises and individuals and debt securities. Interest expenses for the first half of 2024 decreased 
by 2.0 per cent. compared with the previous year, to PLN 2,541.7 million, mainly because of lower 
interest rates on customer deposits. 
The Group's net fee and commission income increased by 8.7 per cent. to PLN 1,456.0 million as at the 
end of the first half of 2024, compared with PLN 1,340.0 million for the first half of 2023, mainly as a 
result of a higher net income in most of the Group's product lines. 
Foreign exchange commissions (FX fees) increased by 14.8 per cent. to PLN 426.4 million for the six 
months ended 30 June 2024 (compared with PLN 371.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023). 
Credit fees, i.e. net fee and commission income from lending, factoring and leasing activities which is 
not amortised to net interest income decreased by 3.7 per cent. to PLN 187.8 million for the first half 
of 2024 (compared with PLN 195.0 million for the first half of 2023). Fee and commission income from 
account maintenance and cash transactions increased by 4.0 per cent. to PLN 197.5 million for first half 
of 2024 (compared with PLN 189.9 million for the first half of 2023). Debit card-related fees decreased 
by 7.7 per cent. to PLN 153.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (compared with PLN 
166.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023), because of support provided to the Bank by 
payment organisations as well as recognition of lower income from cash transactions. Net credit card

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
fees decreased by 12.9 per cent. to PLN 54.3 million for the first half of 2024 (compared with PLN 62.3 
million for the first half of 2023) because of lower fee and commission income from cash transactions 
and card transfer resulting from declining turnover, higher costs arising from an increased volume of 
non-cash transactions, acquisition campaigns including waivers of fees, and lower support from 
payment organisations. Net fees from brokerage activities increased by 16.1 per cent. to PLN 71.3 
million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (compared with PLN 61.4 million for the six months 
ended 30 June 2023). This increase reflects, in particular, the increased trading activity on the Warsaw 
Stock Exchange. 
The Group recorded net trading income and revaluation of PLN 82.2 million for the first half of 2024, 
which represented a decrease of 42.8 per cent. compared with the first half of 2023 (PLN 143.9 million). 
This decrease was caused by transactions managing the Group's foreign exchange liquidity and a lower 
positive change on the portfolio of credit cards measured at fair value through profit or loss. 
Gains on other financial securities for the six months ended 30 June 2024 were PLN 5.9 million and 
increased by 27.9 per cent. compared to the six months ended 30 June 2023 (PLN 4.6 million), mainly 
as a result of higher gain on hedging and hedged instruments and sale of debt investment financial assets 
measured at fair value.  
Other operating income increased by 19.9 per cent. as a result of o higher income from services, releases 
of higher amounts of provisions for legal claims and other assets as well as better results posted by the 
leasing company in relation to the settlement of agreements and reimbursement of compensation, and 
amounted to PLN 87.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (PLN 73.1 million). 
For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group's total staff, general and administrative expenses was 
PLN 2,196.0 million, which represented a 11.0 per cent. increase in comparison with the first six months 
of 2023 (PLN 1,978.4 million), mainly as a result of increased costs of external services, higher 
contributions the BGF, increases in salaries as well as well as increased depreciation/amortisation of 
property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, resulting from delivery of further investment 
projects and capitalisation of the related costs. Staff expenses increased by 6.8 per cent. to PLN 1,148.0 
million for the first half of 2024 (PLN 1,075.1 million), mainly due to an increase in remuneration costs. 
The Group's contribution to the BGF, the KNF and the National Depository for Securities (in Polish: 
Krajowy Depozyt Papierów Wartościowych S.A.) increased by 39.8 per cent. to PLN 271.7 million for 
the six months ended 30 June 2024 compared to PLN 194.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 
2023. 
Selected financial information for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group's total income (calculated as the sum of net interest 
income, net fee and commission income, dividend income, net trading income and revaluation, gains 
(less losses) from financial securities, gains/losses on derecognition of financial instruments measured 
at amortised cost and other operating income) reached PLN 15,992.3 million, which represents an 
increase of 29.2 per cent. compared to the year ended 31 December 2022 (PLN 12,381.5 million). The 
increase was mainly driven by the increase in net interest income which was supported by the growth 
of the Group's loan portfolio and high NBP reference rates.  
As in the year ended 31 December 2022, net interest income was the Group's largest income source in 
the year ended 31 December 2023 (82.0 per cent. of total income in 2023). In the year ended 31 
December 2023, net interest income reached PLN 13,115.9 million, an increase of 35.9 per cent. as 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2022 (PLN 9,652.3 million). The main reasons for the 
increase in the net interest income were the increase in the NBP reference rate and market interest rates 
and the growth of the Group's key loan portfolios.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, interest income and similar to interest increased by 46.8 per 
cent. to PLN 18,409.8 million (compared with PLN 12,538.6 million for the year ended 31 December 
2022). This increase was a result of an increased interest income on all interest-generating asset classes, 
i.e. loans and advances to enterprises and individuals and debt securities. Interest expenses for the year 
ended 31 December 2023 grew by 83.4 per cent., to PLN 5,293.9 million from PLN 2,886.3 million in 
the previous year. This significant growth was a result of increased interest rates on customer deposits 
as well as increased liabilities under outstanding debt securities issued by the Group.  
The Group's net fee and commission income for the year ended 31 December 2023, increased by 5.9 
per cent. to PLN 2,717.0 million, compared with PLN 2,566.4 million for the year ended 31 December 
2022, mainly as a result of a higher net income in most of the Group's product lines. 
Foreign exchange commissions (FX fees) increased by 4.2 per cent. to PLN 761.2 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2023 (compared with PLN 730.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2022). 
Credit fees, i.e. net fee and commission income from lending, factoring and leasing activities which is 
not amortised to net interest income increased by 3.7 per cent. to PLN 372.9 million for the year ended 
31 December 2023 (compared with PLN 359.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2022). Fee and 
commission income from account maintenance and cash transactions decreased by 7.3 per cent. to PLN 
391.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 (compared with PLN 422.1 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2022). The main reasons for this decrease were lower prices offered to corporate 
customers and free-of-charge services for customers from Ukraine. Debit card-related fees increased by 
11.6 per cent. to PLN 315.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 (compared with PLN 283.0 
million for the year ended 31 December 2022), because of increase in the usage of debit cards and an 
increase in the number of issued cards. Net credit card fees decreased by 2.5 per cent. to PLN 116.9 
million for the year ended 31 December 2023 (compared with PLN 119.9 million for the year ended 31 
December 2022) because of the decreasing number of credit cards issued by SCB. Net fees from 
brokerage activities increased by 9.4 per cent. to PLN 126.3 million for the year ended 31 December 
2023 (compared with PLN 115.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2022). This increase reflects 
the increased trading activity on the Warsaw Stock Exchange. 
Dividend income decreased to PLN 11.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, compared with 
PLN 10.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 as a result of lower dividends paid by certain 
companies in which the Groups companies are shareholders.  
The Group recorded net trading income and revaluation of PLN 306.6 million for the year ended 31 
December 2023, which represented an increase of 141.9 per cent., from PLN 126.7 million in the year 
ended 31 December 2022. This increase was caused by a higher gain on transactions in derivatives and 
foreign exchange interbank transactions market and increased valuation of the Group's credit card 
portfolio measured at fair value through profit or loss. 
Gains (losses) on other financial securities for the year ended 31 December 2023 recorded a loss of 
PLN 5.1 million, compared with a loss of PLN 23.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. The 
decrease in losses was caused by a profit from converting convertible preference shares of Visa Inc. to 
ordinary shares, an increase in valuation of Visa Inc. shares and a lower loss on hedged and hedging 
instruments. 
Other operating income decreased by 22.4 per cent. as a result of lower indemnity payments from 
insurers, and amounted to PLN 168.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group's total general and administrative expenses was PLN 
1,650.5 million, which represented a 23.6 per cent. decrease in comparison with the previous year (PLN 
2,161.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022), mainly as a result of much lower contributions 
to the institutional protection scheme (PLN 0.3 million in the year ended 31 December 2023 compared 
to PLN 445.7 million in the year ended 31 December 2022) and the Borrowers Support Fund (no

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
contribution in the year ended 31 December 2023 compared to the contribution of PLN 173.6 million 
in the year ended 31 December 2022). Staff expenses increased by 25.8 per cent. to PLN 2,284.3 million 
for the year ended 31 December 2023 (compared with PLN 1,815.8 million for the year ended 31 
December 2022), mainly due to an increase in remuneration costs. The number of full-time employees 
increased slightly to 11,471 as at 31 December 2023. 
The Group's contribution to the BGF, the KNF and the National Depository for Securities (in Polish: 
Krajowy Depozyt Papierów Wartościowych S.A.) decreased by 29.2 per cent. to PLN 211.4 million for 
the year ended 31 December 2023, compared with PLN 298.7 million for the year ended 31 December 
2022. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group's net expected credit loss allowances on loans and 
advances measured at amortised cost amounted to PLN 1,149.4 million, a increase of 28.5 per cent. 
compared with PLN 894.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. This increase was the result 
of the impact of the macroeconomic conditions on the Group's loan portfolio. As at 31 December 2023, 
the Bank's NPL ratio stood at 4.61 per cent. compared with 4.95 per cent. as at 31 December 2022. 
The Group's profit before tax for the year ended 31 December 2023 was PLN 6,850.0 million compared 
with PLN 4,352.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. The Group's return on equity increased 
from 11.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2022 to 20.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2023. 
The Group's net profit attributable to owners of the Bank for the year ended 31 December 2023 was 
PLN 4,831.1 million, representing an increase of 72.6 per cent. compared with the previous year. 
As at 31 December 2023, the Total Capital Ratio (TCR) stood at 18.56 per cent. compared with 19.74 
per cent. as at 31 December 2022. The Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 17.18 per cent. as at 31 
December 2023, compared with 18.02 per cent. as at 31 December 2022. The consolidated leverage 
ratio calculated in accordance with the provisions of the CRR Regulation with regard to the leverage 
ratio amounted to 8.41 per cent. (compared with 9.76 per cent. in the previous year). As at 31 December 
2023 the Group also maintained an additional capital buffer covering the risk of the foreign currency 
mortgage loans for households of 0.013 per cent. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
The Base Prospectus includes certain data which the Issuer considers to constitute alternative 
performance measures (APMs) for the purposes of the European Securities Markets Authority (ESMA) 
Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures. 
These APMs are unaudited, not defined by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS and are not part of 
the Group's audited, consolidated financial statements. The APMs are not measurements of the Issuer's 
operating performance under IFRS and should not be considered as alternatives to any measures of 
performance under IFRS or as measures of the Issuer's liquidity. 
 
APM 
Definition 
Cost of credit risk 
Net expected credit loss allowances (for four consecutive quarters) to average gross 
loans and advances to customers measured at amortised cost and lease receivables 
(as at the end of the current reporting period and the end of the previous year).  
Cost/Income 
Calculated by dividing total operating expenses by total income, (where total 
operating 
expenses 
comprise 
staff, 
operating 
and 
management 
costs, 
depreciation/amortisation and other operating expenses, and total income is a sum 
of net interest income, net fee and commission income, dividend income, net trading 
income and revaluation, gains/(losses) on other financial securities, gains/losses on

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
APM 
Definition 
derecognition of financial instruments measured at amortised cost and other 
operating income). 
Net interest 
income/Total income 
Calculated by dividing year-to-date net interest income by year-to-date total income 
(where total income is a sum of net interest income, net fee and commission income, 
dividend income, net trading income and revaluation, gains/losses from other 
financial securities, gains/losses on derecognition of financial instruments measured 
at amortised cost and other operating income). 
Net interest margin 
Calculated by dividing the net interest income annualised on a year-to-date basis 
(excluding interest income from the portfolio of debt securities held for trading and 
other exposures related to trading) by the average net interest earning assets (average 
calculated based on data as at the end of consecutive quarters after the end of the 
year preceding a given accounting period), excluding financial assets held for 
trading, hedging derivatives, other exposures related to trading and other loans and 
advances to customers. 
Net fee and 
commission 
income/Total income 
Calculated by dividing year-to-date net fee and commission income by year-to-date 
total income, (where total income is a sum of net interest income, net fee and 
commission income, dividend income, net trading income and revaluation, 
gains/losses from other financial securities, gains/losses on derecognition of 
financial instruments measured at amortised cost and other operating income). 
Net loans and advances 
to customers/deposits 
from customers 
Calculated by dividing the net loans and advances to customers at the end of the 
current accounting period by deposits from customers at the end of the current 
accounting period. 
NPL ratio 
(Non-performing loans 
ratio) 
Calculated by dividing lease receivables and gross loans and advances to customers 
measured at amortised cost and classified to stage 3 and POCI exposures by the total 
gross portfolio of such loans and advances and lease receivables as at the end of the 
reporting period. 
NPL provision 
coverage ratio 
Calculated by dividing impairment allowances for loans and advances to customers 
measured at amortised cost and lease receivables classified to stage 3 and POCI 
exposures by gross value of such loans and advances and lease receivables as at the 
end of the reporting period. 
ROA 
(Return on assets) 
Calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the parent's shareholders (for four 
consecutive quarters) by average total assets (average calculated based on data as at 
the end of the current reporting period and the end of the previous year). 
ROE 
(Return on equity) 
Calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the parent's shareholders (for four 
consecutive quarters) by average equity (average calculated based on data as at the 
end of the current reporting period and the end of the previous year) net of non-
controlling interests, current period profit, dividend reserve and recommended 
dividend (if applicable). 
ROTE 
(Return on tangible 
equity) 
Calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the parent's shareholders (for four 
consecutive quarters) to average tangible equity (average calculated based on data 
as at the end of the current reporting period and the end of the previous year) 
(tangible equity defined as common equity attributable to the parent's shareholders 
less revaluation reserve, current year profit, recommended dividend (if applicable), 
dividend reserve, intangible assets and goodwill). 
Total income 
a sum of net interest income, net fee and commission income, dividend income, net 
trading income and revaluation, gains/losses on other financial securities, 
gains/losses on derecognition of financial instruments measured at amortised cost 
and other operating income.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
The Issuer believes that the above measures provide useful information to investors for the purposes of 
evaluating the financial condition and results of operations of the Group, the quality of its assets and 
the fundamentals of its business. 
In particular: 
(a) 
the ratios presented by the Issuer are aimed at quantifying certain aspects of the Issuer's business 
and its strengths within the context of the Polish banking system; and 
(b) 
APMs, although not required by law in the preparation of financial statements, allow for 
comparisons with other banks, over different periods of time and between the Issuer and the 
average industry standards. 
However, the Issuer's use and method of calculation of APMs may vary from other companies' use and 
calculation of such measures. 
As a result of the changes described under the heading "Restatements of financial information for prior 
periods" above, certain APMs are provided, where relevant, on a restated basis.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Group financial information for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and 
for the six-months periods ended 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023 
Consolidated Income Statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 
2022 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 (restated) 
 
(PLN thousands) 
Interest income and similar to interest 
18,409,758 
12,538,584 
Interest income on financial assets measured at amortised cost 
14,925,201 
9,650,812 
Interest income on financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
2,472,065 
2,119,238 
Income similar to interest on financial assets measured at fair value through 
profit or loss 
82,910 
96,144 
Income similar to interest on finance leases 
929,582 
672,390 
Interest expense 
(5,293,859) 
(2,886,277)  
Net interest income 
13,115,899 
9,652,307 
Fee and commission income 
3,331,561 
3,173,217 
Fee and commission expense 
(614,559) 
(606,799)  
Net fee and commission income 
2,717,002 
2,566,418 
Dividend income 
11,471 
10,639 
Net trading income and revaluation 
306,619 
126,748 
Gains (losses) from other financial securities 
(5,121) 
(23,051) 
Gain/loss on derecognition of financial instruments measured at amortised 
cost 
(322,492) 
(169,235) 
Other operating income 
168,901 
217,706 
Impairment allowances for expected credit losses 
(1,149,377) 
(894,685)  
Cost of legal risk associated with foreign currency mortgage loans  
(2,592,326) 
(1,739,088) 
Operating expenses, including:: 
(4,714,997) 
(4,697,706) 
- Staff, operating expenses and management costs 
(3,934,824) 
(3,977,482) 
- Amortisation of property, plant and equipment and Intangible 
assets 
(424,561) 
(381,645) 
- Amortisation of right of use assets 
(144,918) 
(141,940) 
- Other operating expenses 
(210,964) 
(196,639) 
Share in net profits (loss) of entities accounted for by the equity method  
(96,937) 
84,049 
Tax on financial institutions 
(782,495) 
(781,155) 
Profit before tax 
6,850,021 
4,352,947 
Corporate income tax 
(1,902,192) 
(1,344,172) 
Consolidated profit for the period 
4,947,829 
3,008,775 
of which: 
  
 
-attributable to owners of the parent entity 
4,831,107 
2,799,098 
-attributable to non-controlling interests 
116,722 
209,677 
Net earnings per share  
  
 
Basic earnings per share (PLN/share) 
47.28 
27.39 
Diluted earnings per share (PLN/share) 
47.28 
27.39

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
Condensed Consolidated Income Statements for the six-months periods ended 30 June 2024 and 30 
June 2023 
 
 
Six-months period ended 30 June 
(unaudited) 
2024 
2023 (restated) 
 
(PLN thousands) 
Interest income and similar to interest 
9,213,888 
8,884,751 
Interest income on financial assets measured at amortised cost 
7,660,920 
7,171,535 
Interest income on financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
1,002,836 
1,212,969 
Income similar to interest on financial assets measured at fair value through 
profit or loss 
41,059 
54,747 
Income similar to interest on finance leases 
509,073 
445,500 
Interest expense 
(2,541,683) 
(2,592,281) 
Net interest income 
6,672,205 
6,292,470 
Fee and commission income 
1,764,468 
1,635,551 
Fee and commission expense 
(308,431) 
(295,587) 
Net fee and commission income 
1,456,037 
1,339,964 
Dividend income 
12,092 
9,942 
Net trading income and revaluation 
82,232 
143,884 
Gains (losses) from other financial securities 
5,929 
4,635 
Gain/loss on derecognition of financial instruments measured at amortised 
cost 
(32,647) 
(263,343) 
Other operating income 
87,634 
73,073 
Impairment allowances for expected credit losses 
(611,249) 
(590,232) 
Cost of legal risk associated with foreign currency mortgage loans  
(1,546,538) 
(1,149,479) 
Operating expenses incl.: 
(2,577,537) 
(2,313,369) 
-Staff, operating expenses and management costs 
(2,196,032) 
(1,978,437) 
-Amortisation of property, plant and equipment and Intangible assets 
(234,179) 
(199,407) 
-Amortisation of right of use asset 
(69,330) 
(76,369) 
-Other operating expenses 
(77,456) 
(59,156) 
Share in net profits (loss) of entities accounted for by the equity method  
53,061 
52,192 
Tax on financial institutions 
(395,079) 
(387,529) 
Profit before tax 
3,206,140 
3,212,208 
Corporate income tax 
(872,442) 
(848,747) 
Consolidated net profit for the period 
2,333,698 
2,363,461 
of which: 
 
 
-attributable to owners of the parent entity 
2,359,646 
2,322,216 
-attributable to non-controlling interests 
(25,948) 
41,245 
Net earnings per share  
 
 
Basic earnings per share (PLN/share) 
23.09 
22.72 
Diluted earnings per share (PLN/share) 
23.09 
22.72

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 
31 December 2022 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
  
2023 
2022 (restated) 
 
(PLN thousands) 
Consolidated profit for the period 
4,947,829 
3,008,775 
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: 
2,459,699 
(1,408,991) 
Revaluation and sales of debt financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income gross* 
1,953,159 
(1,392,566) 
Deferred tax 
(371,100) 
264,588 
Revaluation of cash flow hedging instruments gross 
1,083,506 
(346,930) 
Deferred tax 
(205,866) 
65,917 
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: 
46,395 
17,123 
Revaluation of equity financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income gross 
72,822 
21,032 
Deferred and current tax 
(13,836) 
(3,996) 
Provision for retirement benefits – actuarial gains/losses gross 
(15,544) 
124 
Deferred tax 
2,953 
(37)  
Total other comprehensive income, net 
2,506,094 
(1,391,868) 
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD 
7,453,923 
1,616,907 
Total comprehensive income attributable to: 
  
 
- owners of the parent entity 
7,292,186 
1,425,290 
- non-controlling interests 
161,737 
191,617 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the six-months periods ended 30 June 2024 and 
30 June 2023 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June (unaudited) 
2024 
2023 (restated) 
 
(PLN thousand) 
Consolidated net profit for the period 
2,333,698 
2,363,461 
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: 
(287,565) 
1,389,126 
Revaluation and sales of debt financial assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income gross 
317,296 
1,254,739 
Deferred tax 
(60,286) 
(238,400) 
Revaluation of cash flow hedging instruments gross 
(672,315) 
459,946 
Deferred tax 
127,740 
(87,159) 
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: 
95,716 
19,321 
Revaluation of equity financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income gross 
116,597 
22,429 
Deferred and current tax 
(22,062) 
(4,262) 
Provision for retirement benefits – actuarial gains/losses gross 
1,458 
1,425 
Deferred tax 
(277) 
(271) 
Total other comprehensive income, net 
(191,849) 
1,408,447 
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD 
2,141,849 
3,771,908 
Total comprehensive income attributable to: 
  
 
- owners of the parent entity 
2,170,451 
3,699,923 
- non-controlling interests 
(28,602) 
71,985

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
Consolidated statements of financial position 
 
 
As at  
30 June 2024 
(unaudited) 
As at 31 December 
  
2023 
2022 (restated) 
 
(PLN thousands) 
ASSETS 
 
  
  
Cash and balances with central banks 
9,069,128 
8,417,519 
10,170,022 
Loans and advances to banks 
5,808,039 
9,533,840 
9,577,499 
Financial assets held for trading 
6,836,412 
8,939,360 
6,883,616 
Hedging derivatives 
1,123,964 
1,575,056 
549,177 
Loans and advances to customers, including: 
168,374,837 
159,520,007 
152,508,692 
- measured at amortised cost 
150,269,999 
143,488,004 
137,888,696 
- measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
3,895,201 
2,798,234 
2,628,660 
- measured at fair value through profit and loss 
78,150 
85,093 
239,694 
- from finance leases 
14,131,487 
13,148,676 
11,751,642 
Reverse sale and repurchase agreements 
11,528,953 
12,676,594 
13,824,606 
Investment securities, including: 
67,032,871 
67,523,003 
53,334,112 
 - debt securities measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
36,500,017 
47,598,570 
49,845,849 
 - debt securities measured at fair value through 
profit and loss 
2,060 
2,005 
64,707 
 - debt investment securities measured at 
amortised cost 
30,131,812 
19,639,468 
3,156,009 
 - equity securities measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
392,950 
277,121 
204,299 
 - equity securities measured at fair value through 
profit and loss 
6,032 
5,839 
63,248 
Assets pledged as collateral 
4,133,946 
271,933 
2,318,219 
Investments in associates 
913,753 
967,514 
921,495 
Intangible assets 
870,198 
881,857 
740,756 
Goodwill 
1,712,056 
1,712,056 
1,712,056 
Property, plant and equipment 
783,195 
765,278 
688,262 
Right of use assets 
513,773 
494,296 
497,352 
Current income tax assets 
 
- 
 
Deferred tax assets 
1,568,281 
1,751,189 
2,485,768 
Fixed assets classified as held for sale 
5,471 
6,453 
5,973 
Other assets 
2,603,688 
1,615,930 
1,299,620 
Total assets 
282,878,565 
276,651,885 
257,517,225 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 
  
  
Deposits from banks 
4,199,250 
4,156,453 
4,031,252 
Hedging derivatives 
616,480 
880,538 
1,979,089 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
7,070,435 
8,818,493 
7,108,826 
Deposits from customers 
215,234,665 
209,277,356 
196,496,806 
Sale and repurchase agreements 
4,133,721 
273,547 
2,324,926 
Subordinated liabilities 
2,673,797 
2,686,343 
2,807,013 
Debt securities in issue 
10,525,853 
9,247,159 
9,330,648 
Lease liabilities 
378,642 
365,833 
419,965 
Current income tax liabilities 
217,499 
1,174,609 
80,751 
Deferred tax liability 
473 
435 
281 
Provisions for financial liabilities and guarantees 
granted 
102,265 
123,085 
61,869 
Other provisions 
1,392,076 
967,106 
627,311 
Other liabilities 
5,139,315 
4,989,910 
3,783,140 
Total liabilities 
251,684,471 
242,960,867 
229,051,877 
Equity 
 
  
 
Equity attributable to owners of the parent 
entity 
29,340,896 
31,762,645 
26,668,093 
Share capital 
1,021,893 
1,021,893 
1,021,893 
Other reserve capital 
24,349,730 
25,097,202 
23,858,400 
Revaluation reserve 
(486,959) 
(298,688) 
(2,781,325) 
Retained earnings 
2,096,586 
1,111,131 
1,770,027

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
Profit for the period 
2,359,646 
4,831,107 
2,799,098 
Non-controlling interests in equity 
1,853,198 
1,928,373 
1,797,255 
Total equity 
31,194,094 
33,691,018 
28,465,348 
Total liabilities and equity  
282,878,565 
276,651,885 
257,517,225 
Selected financial ratios of the Group (unaudited) 
 
 
Six-month period ended  
30 June 
Year ended  
31 December 
 
2024 
2023 (restated) 
2023 
2022 
Cost/income 
31.1% 
30.4% 
29.5 
37.9% 
Net interest income/Total 
income 
80.5% 
82.8% 
82.0% 
78.0% 
Net fee and commission 
income/Total income 
17.6% 
17.6% 
17.0% 
20.7% 
Earnings per ordinary share (in 
PLN) 
23.09 
22.72 
47.28 
27.39 
 
 
As at 
30 June 2024 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
Net loans and advances to 
customers/deposits from customers 
78.2% 
76.2% 
77.6% 
NPL ratio 
4.50% 
4.61% 
4.95% 
NPL provision coverage ratio 
55.1% 
55.4% 
57.5% 
Net interest margin 
5.23% 
5.39% 
4.31% 
Cost of credit risk 
0.70% 
0.72% 
0.59% 
ROE 
19.1% 
20.3% 
11.9% 
ROTE 
20.9% 
21.2% 
12.1% 
ROA 
1.7% 
1.8% 
1.1% 
Total capital ratio 
17.84% 
18.56% 
19.74% 
Tier I ratio 
16.72% 
17.18% 
18.02% 
Book value per share (in PLN) 
305.26 
329.69 
278.56 
Cost/income, Net interest income/total income, Net fee and commission income/total income 
The table below sets out the reconciliation of the cost/income, net interest income/total income ratios 
and net fee and commission income/total income on a consolidated basis for the periods indicated 
below: 
 
 
Six-month period ended 30 June 
Year ended  
31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2023 
2022 
 
(PLN thousands) 
Operating expenses (a) 
(2,577,537) 
(2,313,369) 
(4,714,997) 
(4,697,706) 
Net interest income (c) 
6,672,205 
6,292,470  
13,115,899 
9,652,307  
Net fee and commission income 
(d) 
1,456,037 
1,339,964  
2,717,002 
2,566,418  
Dividend income 
12,092 
9,942  
11,471 
10,639  
Net trading income and 
revaluation 
82,232 
143,884  
306,619 
126,748  
Gains (losses) from other 
financial securities 
5,929 
4,635  
(5,121) 
(23,051) 
Gain/(loss) on derecognition of 
financial instruments measured 
at amortised cost  
(32,647) 
(263,343) 
(322,492) 
(169,235) 
Other operating income 
87,634 
73,073  
168,901 
217,706  
Total income (b) 
8,283,482 
7,600,625  
15,992,279 
12,381,532  
Cost/income (a/b) 
31.1% 
30.4% 
29.5% 
37.9% 
Net interest income/Total 
income (c/b) 
80.5% 
82.8% 
82.0% 
78.0%

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
Net fee and commission 
income/Total income (d/b) 
17.6% 
17.6% 
17.0% 
20.7% 
Net interest margin 
The table below sets out the reconciliation of the Net interest margin on a consolidated basis: 
 
 
As at  
30 June 2024(1) 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(PLN thousands) 
Net interest income (a), of which: 
6,672,205 
13,115,899 
9,652,307 
Interest income from the portfolio of debt 
securities measured at fair value through 
P&L and net interest income from 
securities financing transactions (SFT) 
(b) 
208,287 
429,918 
(70,911) 
Other interest income from CIRS and 
IRS ALM portfolio (c)  
725 
(11,964) 
15,606 
Adjusted net interest income  
(a-b+c) 
6,464,643 
12,674,017 
9,738,824 
Annualised net interest income (d) 
13,000,326 
12,674,017 
9,738,824 
Average net interest earning assets (e) 
248,366,871 
235,195,353 
225,888,211 
Net interest margin (d/e) 
5.23% 
5.39% 
4.31% 
1) Calculated on year- to- date basis 
e) Average calculated based on data as at the end of consecutive quarters after the end of the year preceding a given accounting 
year. 
Net loans and advances to customers/deposits from customers 
The table below sets out the reconciliation of the Net loans and advances to customers/deposits from 
customers on a consolidated basis as of the dates indicated below: 
 
 
As at 30 June 2024 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(PLN thousands) 
Net loans and advances to customers (a) 
168,374,837 
159,520,007 
152,508,692 
Deposits from customers (b) 
215,234,665 
209,277,356 
196,496,806 
Net loans and advances to 
customers/deposits from customers 
(a/b) 
78.2% 
76.2% 
77.6% 
NPL Ratio and NPL provision coverage ratio 
The table below sets out the reconciliation of the NPL Ratio and NPL provision coverage ratio on a 
consolidated basis as of the dates indicated below: 
 
 
As at 30 June 2024 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(PLN thousands) 
Gross loans and advances to 
customers measured at amortised cost 
and finance leases classified to stage 
3 and POCI (a) 
7,667,709 
7,483,963 
7,701,466 
Total gross loans and advances to 
customers measured at amortised cost 
and finance leases (b) 
170,260,259 
162,236,567 
155,517,630 
NPL Ratio (a/b) 
4.50% 
4.61% 
4.95% 
Expected credit loss allowances for 
loans and advances to customers 
measured at amortised cost and 
finance leases classified to Stage 3 
and POCI (c) 
(4,209,934) 
(4,142,488) 
(4,424,513)

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
NPL Coverage Ratio (c/a) 
54.9% 
55.4% 
57.5% 
Cost of credit risk 
The table below sets out the reconciliation of the cost of credit margin on a consolidated basis as of the 
dates indicated below: 
 
 
As at 30 June 2024 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(PLN thousands) 
Net expected credit loss allowances for 
four consecutive quarters (a) 
(1,170,394) 
(1,149,377) 
(894,685) 
gross loans and advances to customers 
measured at amortised cost and finance 
leases at the end of the current reporting 
period 
170,260,259 
162,236,567 
155,517,630 
gross loans and advances to customers 
measured at amortised cost and finance 
leases at the end of the previous year 
162,236,567 
155,517,630 
149,964,960 
Average gross loans and advances to 
customers measured at amortised cost (b) 
166,248,413 
158,877,099 
152,741,295 
Cost of credit risk(a/b) 
0.70% 
0.72% 
0.59% 
ROA 
The table below sets out the reconciliation of the Return on Assets margin on a consolidated basis as of 
the dates indicated below: 
 
  
As at 30 June 2024 
As at 31 December 
  
2023 
2022 
  
(PLN thousands) 
Profit attributable to the parent's 
shareholders for four consecutive quarters 
4,868,537 
4,831,107 
2,799,098 
Total assets as at the end of the current 
period 
282,878,565 
276,651,885 
257,517,225 
Total assets as at the end of the previous 
year 
276,651,885 
257,517,225 
243,017,264 
Average total assets  
279,765,225 
267,084,555 
250,267,245 
ROA 
1.7% 
1.8% 
1.1% 
ROE 
The tables below set out the reconciliation of the Return on Equity margin on a consolidated basis as of 
the dates indicated below: 
 
  
As at 30 June 2024 
As at 31 December 
  
2023 
2022 
  
(PLN thousands) 
Share capital 
1,021,893 
1,021,893 
1,021,893 
Other reserve capital 
24,349,730 
25,097,202 
23,858,400 
Revaluation reserve 
(486,959) 
(298,688) 
(2,781,325) 
Retained earnings 
2,096,586 
1,111,131 
1,770,027  
Dividend reserve 
(990,272) 
(2,046,909) 
(1,233,669) 
Equity as at the end of the current 
period (a) 
25,990,978 
24,884,629 
22,635,326 
Share capital 
1,021,893 
1,021,893 
1,021,893  
Other reserve capital 
25,097,202 
23,858,400 
22,178,344  
Revaluation reserve 
(298,688) 
(2,781,325) 
(1,354,715) 
Retained earnings 
1,111,131 
1,770,027 
2,574,474  
Dividend reserve 
(2,046,909) 
(1,233,669) 
(148,477) 
Equity as at the end of the previous 
year (b) 
24,884,629 
22,635,326 
24,271,519

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
Average equity net of non-controlling 
interests, current period profit and the 
dividend reserve (a+b/2) 
25,437,804 
23,759,978 
23,453,423 
 
  
As at 30 June 2024 
As at 31 December 
  
2023 
2022 
  
(PLN thousands) 
Profit attributable to the parent's 
shareholders for four consecutive quarters 
4,868,537 
4,831,107 
2,799,098 
Average equity net of non-controlling 
interests, current period profit and the 
dividend reserve  
25,437,804 
23,759,978 
23,453,423 
ROE 
19.1% 
20.3% 
11.9% 
ROTE 
The tables below set out the reconciliation of the Return on Tangible Equity margin on a consolidated 
basis as of the dates indicated below: 
 
  
As at 30 June 2024 
As at 31 December 
  
2023 
2022 
  
(PLN thousands) 
Share capital 
1,021,893  
1,021,893  
1,021,893  
Other reserve capital 
24,349,730 
25,097,202 
23,858,400  
Retained earnings 
2,096,586 
1,111,131 
1,770,027  
Intangible assets 
(870,198) 
(881,857) 
(740,756) 
Goodwill 
(1,712,056) 
(1,712,056) 
(1,712,056) 
Dividend reserve 
(990,272) 
(2,046,909) 
(1,233,669) 
Tangible equity as at the end of the 
current period (a) 
23,895,683 
22,589,404 
22,963,839 
Share capital 
1,021,893 
1,021,893 
1,021,893  
Other reserve capital 
25,097,202 
23,858,400 
22,178,344  
Retained earnings 
1,111,131 
1,770,027 
2,574,474  
Intangible assets 
(881,857) 
(740,756) 
(692,802) 
Goodwill 
(1,712,056) 
(1,712,056) 
(1,712,056) 
Dividend reserve 
(2,046,909) 
(1,233,669) 
(148,477) 
Tangible equity as at the end of the 
previous period (b) 
22,589,404 
22,963,839 
23,221,376 
Average tangible equity (a+b/2) 
23,242,544 
22,776,622 
23,092,608 
 
  
As at 30 June 2024 
As at 31 December 
  
2023 
2022 
  
(PLN thousands) 
Profit attributable to the parent's 
shareholders for four consecutive quarters 
4,868,537 
4,831,107 
2,799,098  
Average tangible equity  
23,242,544 
22,776,622 
23,092,608  
ROTE 
20.9% 
21.2% 
12.1%

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
Overview 
The Group is one of the largest financial services groups in Poland, providing retail, corporate and 
investment banking as well as other financial services. Based on the financial information for the quarter 
ended 31 December 2023 published by Polish banks, the Group was Poland's second largest banking 
group in terms of total equity and market capitalisation and the third largest banking group in terms of 
total assets, deposits and net loans. Based on the Management's Board assessment, the Group had 
approximately 7.5 million customers in Poland as at 31 December 2023. In 2023, the Group generated 
a consolidated profit before tax of PLN 6,850.0 million. As at 31 December 2023, the Group's total 
assets were PLN 276,651.9 million, and it had cash and balances with the central bank of PLN 8,417.5 
million and TCR of 18.56 per cent. 
The main products and services which the Group provides to retail customers, including private banking 
customers, comprise in particular current and saving accounts, business accounts for microbusinesses, 
credit products, deposit products, payment cards, investment products, insurance products (including 
bancassurance products), brokerage services, and leasing for microbusinesses. The Group offers a wide 
variety of credit products to its retail customers, including consumer loans, mortgage loans and 
brokerage lines. On the deposit side, the Bank focuses on savings and current accounts as well as term 
deposits. The Bank also offers its retail customers brokerage products, investment funds, transaction 
services and foreign exchange services. 
The Group's range of products and services for corporate clients is focused on transactional banking 
products and services, primarily business accounts, local and foreign transfers, payment cards, cash 
services and liquidity management products. These are combined with business financing products 
which are used as a means of maintaining long-term banking relationships with clients and a platform 
for cross selling more sophisticated non-capital intensive products and services, such as hedging 
instruments, services relating to capital markets and mergers and acquisitions, as well as factoring and 
leasing. 
The Bank is a joint-stock company (spółka akcyjna) whose shares are traded on the regulated market 
of the WSE. It is entered in the register of entrepreneurs of the National Court Register under number 
0000008723 and its registered office is in Warsaw at al. Jana Pawła II 17, 00-854 Warsaw, Poland. Its 
telephone number is +48 61 81 1 9999. The principal acts of law governing the Bank's operations are 
the Banking Law and the Commercial Companies Code dated 15 September 2000 (the Commercial 
Companies Code). 
Set out below is the structure of the Group as the date of this Base Prospectus:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1) SCM Poland Auto 2019-1 Designated Activity Company with its registered office in Dublin was incorporated on 18 November 2019. Its 
shareholder is a legal person that is not connected with the Group. It is an SPV established to securitise a part of the lease portfolio of Santander 
Consumer Multirent Sp. z o.o., which is its controlling entity in accordance with the conditions laid down in IFRS 10.7.  
2) Santander Consumer Finanse Sp. z o.o. w likwidacji was dissolved and put into liquidation as of 31 December 2020 under a resolution of 
the company’s Extraordinary General Meeting of 23 December 2020.  
3) In relation to the formation of the automotive manufacturing corporation Stellantis N.V. in 2021 as a result of merger between the Italian–
American conglomerate Fiat Chrysler Automobiles and the French Groupe PSA, on 3 April 2023 PSA Finance Polska Sp. z o.o. and PSA 
Consumer Finance Polska Sp. z o.o. were renamed Stellantis Financial Services Polska Sp. z o.o. and Stellantis Consumer Financial Services 
Polska Sp. z o.o., respectively. Stellantis Financial Services Polska Sp. z o.o. is an investment in a subsidiary for the purpose of consolidated 
financial statements due to the fact that it is controlled by Santander Consumer Bank S.A. (directly) and Santander Bank Polska S.A. 
(indirectly).  
4) SC Poland Consumer 23-1 Designated Activity Company (DAC) is a special purpose vehicle incorporated in Dublin on 17 June 2022 for 
the purpose of securitising a part of the retail loan portfolio of Santander Consumer Bank S.A. (SCB S.A.) The SPV does not have any capital 
connections with SCB S.A., which is its controlling entity in accordance with the conditions laid down in IFRS 10.7.  
5) Both owners of Santander Towarzystwo Funduszy Inwestycyjnych S.A. (Santander TFI S.A.), i.e. Santander Bank Polska S.A. and Banco 
Santander S.A., are members of global Santander Group and hold an equal stake of 50% in the company's share capital. In practice, Santander 
Bank Polska S.A. controls Santander TFI S.A. within the meaning of the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) because, as the 
main business partner and distributor of investment products, it has a real impact on the operations and financial performance of Santander 
TFI S.A.  
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
60% 
100% 
0% 
100% 
0% 
50% 
50% 
49% 
Legend: 
%     Share of Santander Bank Polska S.A. in the 
company’s capital  
Associates 
Santander Finanse Sp. z o.o.  
Santander Factoring Sp. z o.o.  
Santander Leasing S.A.  
Santander F24 S.A.  
Santander Bank Polska S.A.
  
Santander Inwestycje Sp. z o.o.  
Santander Consumer Bank S.A.  
Santander Consumer Financial  
Solutions Sp. z o.o.  
SCM Poland Auto 2019-1 DAC 
1) 
Santander Consumer Multirent Sp. z 
o.o.  
Stellantis Financial Services  
Polska Sp. z o.o.
3) 
SC Poland Consumer 23-1 DAC
 4) 
Stellantis Consumer Financial 
Services Polska Sp. z o.o.
3) 
Santander Towarzystwo Funduszy 
 Inwestycyjnych S.A.
5) 
POLFUND - Fundusz Poręczeń 
Kredytowych S.A.  
Santander Allianz  
Towarzystwo Ubezpieczeń S.A. 
Santander Allianz 
Towarzystwo Ubezpieczeń na Życie 
49% 
Subsidiaries (consolidated with 
Santander Bank Polska S.A.)  
100% 
50%

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
History 
Bank Zachodni S.A. (BZ) and Wielkopolski Bank Kredytowy S.A. (WBK), the Bank's predecessors, 
were spun off from the NBP in 1989 as part of the transformation of the Polish economy onto a free 
market footing. From 1995 to 1999, the Allied Irish Banks group (AIB) acquired a majority stake in 
both BZ and WBK from the State Treasury of the Republic of Poland. 
The Bank was created as a result of the merger of BZ and WBK. It was entered in the National Court 
Register on 13 June 2001. 
In 2001, shares in the Bank were offered to the public in an initial public offering. AIB was the majority 
shareholder of the Bank and held approximately 70 per cent. of the shares. 
On 1 April 2011, AIB sold its entire stake in the Bank to Santander. 
On 11 May 2012, Santander and KBC Bank NV, a majority shareholder of the Polish bank Kredyt Bank 
S.A. (Kredyt Bank), signed a merger plan relating to the Bank and Kredyt Bank. On 4 January 2013, 
the merger of both banks was entered in the National Court Register. Under the merger, the Bank 
acquired all of the assets of Kredyt Bank. 
On 27 November 2013, the Bank acquired 60 per cent. of the shares in SCB from Santander and 
Santander Consumer Finance. 
On 9 November 2018, the Bank acquired a part of Deutsche Bank Polska S.A.'s business from Deutsche 
Bank AG, consisting of retail banking, private banking, SME banking and securities brokerage. 
On 9 March 2018, the Bank filed an application with the KNF to establish a mortgage bank. On 6 May 
2020 the Bank decided to suspend the process of establishing the mortgage bank. 
On 7 September 2018, the Bank changed its name from "Bank Zachodni WBK S.A." to "Santander 
Bank Polska S.A." and moved its registered office from Wrocław to Warsaw. 
In 2021 the Bank sold its stake in various companies from Aviva group operating in Poland to Allianz 
group. The transaction was a part of the acquisition of the Polish operations of Aviva group by Allianz 
Group. 
Ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has the following ratings: 
 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, acting through its Polish branch, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited spółka z 
ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością oddział w Polsce (Fitch) 
 
Category 
Rating 
Outlook 
Long-term IDR 
BBB+ 
stable 
Short-term IDR 
F2 
- 
Viability rating 
bbb 
- 
National long-term rating 
AA(pol) 
stable 
National short-term rating 
F1+(pol) 
- 
Short-term senior unsecured rating 
for eurobonds 
F2 
- 
Long-term senior unsecured rating 
for eurobonds 
BBB+ 
-

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH (Moody's) 
Category 
Rating 
Outlook 
Counterparty risk rating 
A-1/P-1 
- 
Bank deposits 
A-2/P-1 
- 
Baseline credit assessment 
baa2 
- 
Adjusted baseline credit assessment 
baa1 
- 
Counterparty risk assessment 
A1(cr)/P-1(cr) 
- 
Senior unsecured 
A3 
stable 
Strategy 
In 2023, the Bank's Management Board adopted a new strategy for the Group for 2024-2026. The new 
strategy is a continuation of the previous Group's strategies. Under the new strategy the Bank's strategic 
goal is to become the most profitable Bank in Poland. The strategy envisages creating a unique corporate 
culture within the Group, where the customer experience and the employee experience are equally 
important. The strategy also assumes that the Group's business model will move towards a fully digital 
model, based on implementing advanced digital solutions, putting emphasis on self-service solutions 
and enhancing the customer experience. Additionally, the strategy stresses the importance of ESG 
considerations in the Group's operations. The Group aims to be a role model for sustainability and 
energy transformation, support social development and be transparent to all of this stakeholders.  
As part of its strategic vision, the Bank will target the following goals: 
• 
be one of top three Polish banks in return on equity; 
• 
be one of the top three Polish banks in "net promoter score"; 
• 
receive recognition as a top employer in Poland; 
• 
maintain the total capital ratio at a level enabling the group to pay dividend; 
• 
keep the cost of risk in the range from 70 basis points to 90 basis points; 
• 
lower the cost to income ratio to below 35 per cent.; and 
• 
pay dividends in the maximum amount permitted by the Polish financial regulator. 
Competitive strengths 
The Group has stable sources of funding, a solid capital and liquidity position and a diversified asset 
portfolio. The Group's competitive position has been supported by a clear strategic vision, an efficient 
business model, a broad and diversified scope of business as well as benefits and synergies achieved by 
the Bank as a member of Santander Group. The business scale, quality of products and services and 
strong focus on building lasting relationships with customers, allow the Group to compete successfully 
with the largest players in the Polish banking market. At the same time, a wide array of complementary 
services for respective customer segments, a large Poland-wide branch network, modern banking 
technologies and rapidly expanding functionality and the integration of remote distribution channels 
provide an opportunity for further market penetration. 
Business 
The Group offers a broad range of retail, corporate and investment banking services and products to 
individual retail customers, small and medium enterprises, and large corporates and public sector

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
entities, including local authorities. The Group's operations are divided into the following reporting 
segments: 
• 
Retail Banking, which comprises a wide range of products and services to individual clients 
and micro-, small and medium-sized companies. The offer for individual customers covers a 
wide range of savings products, consumer and mortgage loans, credit and debit cards, insurance 
and investment products, clearing services, brokerage house services, mobile phone top-ups, 
foreign payments and Western Union and private banking services. The offering for small 
companies covers lending and deposit-taking services, cash management services, leasing, 
factoring, letters of credit and guarantees. The Retail Banking segment also offers asset 
management services. 
• 
Business and Corporate Banking, which comprises a wide range of banking services, including 
deposits and lending, cash management, leasing, factoring, trade financing and bank guarantees 
offered to business clients with turnover from PLN 8 million to PLN 1.2 billion, local 
government and public sector entities. It also covers insourcing services provided to retail 
customers based on mutual agreements with other banks and financial institutions. 
• 
Corporate and Investment Banking, which comprises a wide range of products and services, 
including investment banking services for the largest local and international corporates. 
• 
Assets and Liabilities Management (ALM) and Centre, which comprises the central operations 
of the Group, including liquidity, interest rate and foreign exchange risk management, and the 
Group's strategic investments and transactions which cannot be assigned to another segment. 
• 
Santander Consumer, which comprises consumer loan products, including car loans, credit 
cards and car lease products to individual and business clients. 
The table below shows certain segment information for 2023 and 2022 which is derived from note 3 to 
the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements. For a more detailed description of how the segment 
information has been prepared, see note 3 to the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
2023 
Retail 
Banking* 
Business 
and 
Corporate 
Banking 
Corporate 
and 
Investment 
Banking 
ALM and 
Centre 
Santander 
Consumer 
Total 
(PLN thousand) 
Net interest income 
7,625,091
2,360,230 
892,698 
896,573 
1,341,307 
13,115,899 
including internal 
transactions 
(1,461)
(6,223) 
9,868 
109,074 
(111,258) 
- 
Fee and commission 
income 
1,989,000
628,860 
507,031 
- 
206,670 
3,331,561 
Fee and commission 
expense 
(449,596)
(45,073) 
(36,176) 
- 
(83,714) 
(614,559) 
Net fee and 
commission income 
1,539,404
583,787 
470,855 
- 
122,956 
2,717,002 
including internal 
transactions 
333,338
186,004 
(516,291) 
- 
(3,051) 
- 
Net other income 
(296,386)
79,206 
225,625 
84,128 
55,334 
147,907 
including internal 
transactions 
13,402
61,066 
(70,302) 
(4,173) 
7 
- 
Dividend income 
10,109
- 
1,298 
- 
64 
11,471

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
Operating costs 
(2,556,233)
(584,359) 
(465,594) 
(55,307) 
(484,025) 
(4,145,518) 
Including internal 
transactions 
- 
- 
- 
3,336 
(3,336) 
- 
Depreciation/amortisa
tion 
(401,897)
(64,598) 
(35,507) 
- 
(67,447) 
(569,479) 
Impairment losses on 
loans and advances 
(675,353)
(158,470) 
(140,160) 
(3,019) 
(172,375) 
(1,149,377) 
Cost of legal risk 
associated with 
foreign currency 
mortgage loans 
(2,081,557)
- 
- 
- 
(510,769) 
(2,592,326) 
Share in net profits 
(loss) of entities 
accounted for by the 
equity method 
95,449
- 
- 
1,488 
- 
96,937 
Tax on financial 
institutions 
(429,324)
(182,154) 
(139,684) 
- 
(31,333) 
(782,495) 
Profit before tax 
2,829,303
2,033,642 
809,531 
923,863 
253,682 
6,850,021 
Corporate income tax 
 
 
 
 
 
(1,902,192) 
Consolidated profit 
for the period of 
which: 
 
 
 
 
 
4,947,829 
attributable to owners 
of the parent entity 
 
 
 
 
 
4,831,107 
attributable non-
controlling interests 
 
 
 
 
 
116,722 
 
2022 
Retail 
Banking* 
Business 
and 
Corporate 
Banking 
Corporate 
and 
Investment 
Banking 
ALM and 
Centre 
Santander 
Consumer 
Total 
(PLN thousand) 
Net interest income 
3,647,536
1,541,158 
582,915 
2,569,285 
1,311,413 
9,652,307 
including internal 
transactions 
(3,086)
(4,212) 
7,233 
66,733 
(66,668) 
- 
Fee and commission 
income 
1,847,688
641,872 
477,325 
- 
206,332 
3,173,217 
Fee and commission 
expense 
(447,506)
(43,264) 
(29,311) 
- 
(86,718) 
(606,799) 
Net fee and 
commission income 
1,400,182
598,608 
448,014 
- 
119,614 
2,566,418 
including internal 
transactions 
316,138
184,485 
(497,627) 
- 
(2,996) 
- 
Net other income 
(120,439)
131,038 
270,554 
(209,129) 
80,144 
152,168 
including internal 
transactions 
4,816
106,026 
(106,481) 
(4,365) 
4 
- 
Dividend income 
9,625
- 
939 
- 
75 
10,639 
Operating costs 
(2,573,222)
(610,645) 
(416,273) 
(57,472) 
(516,509) 
(4,174,121) 
Including internal 
transactions 
- 
- 
- 
1,423 
(1,423) 
- 
Depreciation/amortisa
tion 
(371,391)
(60,381) 
(34,332) 
- 
(57,481) 
(523,585)

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
Impairment losses on 
loans and advances 
(627,980)
(199,407) 
(33,790) 
61 
(33,569) 
(894,685) 
Cost of legal risk 
associated with 
foreign currency 
mortgage loans 
(1,428,333)
- 
- 
- 
(310,755) 
(1,739,088) 
Share in net profits 
(loss) of entities 
accounted for by the 
equity method 
83,260
- 
- 
789 
- 
84,049 
Tax on financial 
institutions 
(485,282)
(170,484) 
(96,568) 
- 
(28,821) 
(781,155) 
Profit before tax 
(466,044)
1,229,887 
721,459 
2,303,534 
564,111 
4,352,947 
Corporate income tax 
 
 
 
 
 
(1,344,172) 
Consolidated profit 
for the period of 
which: 
 
 
 
 
 
3,008,775 
attributable to owners 
of the parent entity 
 
 
 
 
 
2,799,098 
attributable non-
controlling interests 
 
 
 
 
 
209,677 
*includes individual customers, small and medium enterprises and Wealth Management (private banking and 
Santander Towarzystwo Funduszy Inwestycyjnych S.A.) 
Retail Banking 
Overview 
The retail banking segment is divided into two divisions: the retail banking division and the SME 
banking division. 
Retail banking division 
The retail banking division offers a full range of banking products for individual customers. The key 
products include current and savings accounts, deposits, lending products (retail mortgage loans and 
non-mortgage loans), credit and debit cards, and insurance products. The customers are assigned to 
Standard, Premium, Select and Private Banking segments. The principal difference between the 
segments is the level of personalisation of services offered to clients. 
Personal accounts 
As at 31 December 2023, the Bank maintained 5.8 million personal accounts, including foreign 
currency accounts. The most popular personal account is the "Account As I Want It", a product which 
allows the customer to customise additional services and options bundled with the account. 
Together with personal accounts, the Bank offers its customers Visa and MasterCard debit cards. 
Thanks to the online banking platform, the cardholders can modify the card parameters on their own. 
As at 31 December 2023, the Bank's personal debit card portfolio was 4.3 million cards, a 2.7 per cent. 
increase on 2022. 
Savings and investment products 
The Bank's deposit products cover a wide range of possibilities, including a variety of deposit accounts 
and term deposits. Private banking and Select customers have the ability to negotiate the terms of

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
savings products with the Bank. As at 31 December 2023, consolidated aggregate deposits from 
individuals were PLN 115.3 billion, a 6.8 per cent. increase as compared to the amount as at 31 
December 2022. As at 31 December 2023, the balance of savings accounts was PLN 17.4 billion, which 
represented a 10.0 per cent. decline as compared to the amount as at 31 December 2022. 
The retail banking segment offers its clients a variety of structured deposit products. The yield on these 
products is linked to exchange rates, stock exchange indices and investment fund performance. All 
structured products offer complete protection for deposited funds. 
Brokerage products and investment funds 
The brokerage products offered by the Bank's brokerage house, which is an independent unit within the 
Bank, are focused on investment advice and giving customers access to securities traded on foreign 
stock exchanges. 
Santander Towarzystwo Funduszy Inwestycyjnych S.A., a fund manager, manages a variety of 
investment funds. As at 31 December 2023, the total net assets under management were PLN 18.9 
billion and increased by 53.7 per cent. compared to 2022. 
Lending products 
Customers of the retail banking segment have access to a variety of loan products, from credit cards 
and short-term cash loans to mortgage loans. In 2023, the value of the cash loan portfolio increased by 
10.0 per cent. compared with 2022 and, as at 31 December 2023, was PLN 16.6 billion. The Group's 
mortgage loan portfolio increased by 1.3 per cent. to PLN 51.6 billion as at 31 December 2023. The 
value of PLN-denominated mortgage loans originated by the Group increased and was PLN 49.0 billion 
as at 31 December 2023, as compared to PLN 45.1 billion as at 31 December 2022. As at 31 December 
2023, the number of credit cards issued by the Bank was 623 thousand, a 7.0 per cent. decrease 
compared with 2022. Loans advanced to customers of the retail banking segment are predominantly 
denominated in PLN. Only customers whose income is denominated in a foreign currency are eligible 
to apply for a loan denominated in that currency. 
Bancassurance 
The Bank offers its retail customers a full range of insurance products, both linked to credit and loans 
advanced by the Bank, and offered on an independent basis. 
SME Banking Division 
Clients of the SME Banking Division are small and medium-sized enterprises with an annual turnover 
of up to PLN 5 million. Additionally, the Bank has developed a separate digital segment for customers 
who prefer to access banking services through remote channels. The Bank's goal in the SME Banking 
Division is to support the business expansion of small and medium-sized companies based on the 
following three pillars: 
• 
top-quality customer services provided through qualified branch advisers and robust remote 
communication channels; 
• 
building loyalty and long-term relationships with customers; and 
• 
simple but distinctive products with additional non-financial services. 
The clients of the SME Banking Division are offered a wide range of accounts customised for business 
needs. The Bank also offers an extensive choice of credit facilities, including working capital financing,

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
investment loans, guarantees, leasing and factoring facilities. The offering is complemented by deposit 
and investment products, trade finance services and treasury services. 
Leasing 
Leasing services are provided by the Bank's subsidiary, Santander Leasing S.A. (Santander Leasing), 
which offers a wide range of asset financing to SMEs, corporate and large corporate customers. 
Santander Leasing focuses on the lease of machines and equipment, property and vehicles. Insurance 
and fuel cards are offered as ancillary products. 
In 2023, the value of fixed assets leased by Santander Leasing was PLN 8.0 billion, as compared with 
PLN 6.8 billion in 2022. 
Business and Corporate Banking 
The Business and Corporate Banking Division serves business customers with an annual turnover from 
PLN 8 million to PLN 1.2 billion, local authorities and public sector entities. The customers of this 
division are divided into two groups: the corporate segment and the property finance segment. 
The Bank is focused on developing a comprehensive product range for the sectors it has identified as 
strategic to provide clients in these sectors with services tailored to their needs. Additionally, the Bank 
has taken a number of initiatives aimed at increasing its market profile, including participating in 
industry events, publishing in industry media, preparing reports and analyses for the Bank's customers, 
and providing training to its employees. The loans advanced to customers of the Business and Corporate 
Banking Segment are denominated mostly in PLN. Loans denominated in foreign currencies are 
available only to companies which have revenues denominated in foreign currencies. As at 31 
December 2023, the value of the loan portfolio of the Group in the Business and Corporate Banking 
segment was PLN 38.1 billion. 
The Business and Corporate Banking segment also covers factoring services rendered by the Bank's 
subsidiary, Santander Factoring sp. z o.o. (Santander Factoring). The factoring services cover 
recourse and non-recourse factoring, domestic and foreign reverse factoring, bills of exchange 
discounting and confirming. 
In 2023, the value of receivables purchased by Santander Factoring was PLN 44.8 billion, a 11.9 per 
cent. increase compared with 2022. According to the Polish Association of Factoring Companies, 
Santander Factoring has a 10.1 per cent. market share in the Polish market and holds second position in 
the ranking of Polish factoring companies. 
Corporate and Investment Banking 
The Corporate and Investment Banking Division services the Bank's largest corporate customers in 
Poland as well as foreign corporates serviced by the global Santander Corporate and Investment 
Banking division. As at 31 December 2023, the Global Corporate Banking Division had 250 customers 
in Poland. 
The Global Corporate Banking division offers an exhaustive range of products, including transactional 
banking, short-, mid- and long-term financing, underwriting, guarantees, M&A advisory, share 
issuances, liquidity management and custodian services. The Global Corporate Banking Division is 
split into the following units, which cover separate business lines: 
• 
the Credit Markets Department, providing medium- and long-term financing through credit 
facilities and bond issues;

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
• 
the Capital Markets Department, covering analytical and advisory services; and 
• 
the Global Transactional Banking Department, which provides financing and cash management 
services. 
ALM and Centre 
ALM and Centre covers the Bank's central operations, such as financing other segments of the Group 
and managing liquidity, interest rates and foreign exchange risks. It also manages the Bank's strategic 
investments and handles transactions which cannot be assigned to other segments of the Group. ALM 
and Centre is also responsible for providing the Group's management with market analyses and 
supporting the Group's risk management units. 
Santander Consumer 
SCB is a bank focused on consumer finance, and provides credit facilities to households, car dealers 
and car importers. Its lending product portfolio covers cash loans, instalment loans, car loans, business 
loans and credit cards. It also provides car financing services for cars manufactured by the Stellantis 
group through its subsidiaries Stellantis Finance Polska sp. z o.o. and Stellantis Consumer Finance 
Polska sp. z o.o. 
Although SCB is a subsidiary of the Bank, it is an independent bank with its own strategy, risk 
management process and product offering. Additionally, SCB has its own distribution network, 
independent of the Bank's distribution network. The key goal of SCB, set out in SCB's strategy for the 
years 2023 – 2025, is to strengthen relationships with customers and increase their satisfaction. SCB 
intends to develop the electronic banking channels, increase the share of sales conducted through the 
electronic banking channels, increase its share in the consumer finance market and improve its 
technological and data management capabilities. 
As at 31 December 2023, the net amount of loans and cash advances provided by SCB and its 
subsidiaries was PLN 17.2 billion, which was 9.8 per cent. higher than as at 31 December 2022. The 
amount of deposits as at 31 December 2023 was PLN 13.7 billion, an 32.3 per cent. increase compared 
with 2022. 
Distribution Network 
The Bank is developing its distribution model with the aim of creating an omnichannel bank with a 
wide network of branches and market-leading digital banking solutions. The main role of the branches 
will be to develop relationships with customers, promote digital distribution channels and sell more 
complex products. 
As at 31 December 2023, the Bank had 319 branches, a decrease of 16 compared with 31 December 
2022. Additionally, the Bank had 171 partner outlets offering certain of the Bank's products and 
services. The partner outlets are located mainly in small and medium-sized towns. The Bank continues 
to optimise its branch network by liquidating and relocating certain branches and transforming other 
branches into partner outlets. As at 31 December 2023, the Bank's ATM network comprised 1,241 
machines. 890 of the Bank's ATMs are able to accept cash deposits. 
The Bank has been developing "Santander24", its mobile and internet banking offering. The Bank is 
constantly expanding the range of products and services which are available to customers through 
remote channels, including the electronic banking system available on the Bank's website and the 
mobile banking app.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
As at 31 December 2023, the number of the Bank's digital customers, i.e. customers who logged into 
the electronic banking system at least once a month, was 3.5 million, a 6.4 per cent. increase compared 
with 31 December 2022. The number of users of the smartphone app increased by 6.4 per cent. to 2.6 
million as at 31 December 2023. 
The Bank has set up the Multichannel Communication Centre, which manages the various ways in 
which customers can contact the Bank, such as a helpline, an internet chat facility, video calls, emails 
and an online contact form. The purpose of the Multichannel Communication Centre is to facilitate 
interaction between the Bank and its customers, and encourage customers to purchase the Bank's 
products through remote distribution channels. 
Santander Consumer distributes its products through its own branches and franchise outlets. Car loans 
are also distributed by mobile sales structures and a network of partner outlets. Certain products are 
also available through the remote banking channels. As at 31 December 2023, SCB had 50 branches 
(50 as at 31 December 2022), 250 partner outlets (263 as at 31 December 2022) and 751 thousand 
electronic banking users (348 thousand as at 31 December 2022). 
Capital management 
The Bank's management board is responsible for the Group's capital management, including the 
assessment of capital adequacy in various economic scenarios and the evaluation of stress test results 
and their impact on the Group's internal capital and capital adequacy. The Bank's supervisory board 
oversees the internal capital estimations. 
The Group has to satisfy the following minimum capital requirements: 
• 
minimum capital ratios: 
• 
a Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 per cent.; 
• 
a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 per cent.; and 
• 
a total capital ratio of 8 per cent.; 
• 
additional capital requirement for risk related to foreign currency mortgage loans for 
households: 
• 
a Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 0.007 percentage points; 
• 
a Tier 1 capital ratio of 0.010 percentage points; and 
• 
a total capital ratio of 0.013 percentage points; 
• 
an other systematically important institution buffer of 1 percentage point; 
• 
a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 percentage points; and 
• 
a P2G buffer of 0.37 percentage points. 
As at 31 December 2023, the minimum capital ratios, taking into account the regulatory requirements 
and Pillar 2 requirements and capital buffers, were:

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
 
Bank 
Group 
 
(per cent.) 
Tier 1 capital ratio 
9.87 
9.880 
Total capital ratio 
11.87 
11.883 
The Bank uses a standardised approach to calculate the capital requirement for credit risk, market risk 
and operational risk. Under this approach, the total capital requirement for credit risk is calculated as 
the sum of risk-weighted exposures multiplied by 8 per cent. The exposure value for these assets is 
equal to the balance sheet total, while the value of off-balance sheet liabilities corresponds to their 
balance sheet equivalent. Risk-weighted exposures are calculated by applying risk weights to all 
exposures in accordance with the CRR Regulation. 
The table below presents selected data concerning the capital ratios of the Bank and the Group as at the 
dates indicated below: 
 
 
Bank 
Group 
 
(per cent.) 
 
31 December 
31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 
19.76 
22.39 
17.27 
19.40 
Tier 1 capital ratio 
19.76 
22.39 
17.27 
19.40 
Total capital ratio 
21.37 
24.32 
18.65 
21.13 
The table below presents selected data concerning the capital ratios of SCB as at the dates indicated 
below: 
 
 
31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(per cent.) 
Tier 1 capital ratio 
27.50 
25.80 
Capital ratio 
29.15 
27.37 
The Bank, as a member of the Santander Group, a global systematically important bank, is required to 
maintain minimum regulatory total loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC). The minimum TLAC requirement 
for the Group as at 30 June 2024 was 21.50 per cent. of the Group's total risk exposure amount (TREA). 
As at 30 June 2024 the Group's TLAC calculated as the ratio of own funds and eligible liabilities in 
relation to TREA was 22.50 per cent. and the Group's TLAC calculated as own funds and eligible 
liabilities in relation to the total exposure measure (TEM) was 11.05 per cent. 
The Group is also required to meet the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) 
based on the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. On 
8 May 2024 the BGF informed the Bank of the joint decision taken together with the resolution college 
for the Santander Group established by the Single Resolution Group, setting out the MREL requirement 
at 15.38 per cent. of the Group's TREA and 5.91 of the Group's TEM. In accordance with the Polish 
regulations implementing Article 128 of the CRD, Common Equity Tier 1 instruments held to satisfy 
the combined buffer requirement are not eligible for meeting the MREL requirement expressed as a 
percentage of TREA. Therefore the Group has to maintain MREL of at least 18.90 per cent. of TREA. 
The Group should meet these requirements by 31 December 2023. As at 30 June 2024 the Group met 
the applicable MREL requirements with the Group's MREL expressed as a percentage of TREA being 
22.50 per cent. and the Group's MREL expressed as a percentage of TEM being 11.05 per cent.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
Borrowings 
As at 31 December 2023, the Group had outstanding liabilities, under debt securities issued by the 
members of the Group, of PLN 9.2 billion. The table below gives primary information on the 
outstanding debt securities issued by the Group: 
 
Issuer 
Type of 
securities 
Currency 
Principal 
amount 
Issue  
Date 
Maturity 
Date 
Listing 
Bank 
Bonds 
PLN 
1,900,000,000 
30 March 2023 
31 March 
2025 
Warsaw 
Bank 
Bonds 
PLN 
3,100,000,000 
29 November 
2023 
30 
November 
2026 
Warsaw 
Bank 
Bonds 
EUR 
200,000,000 
22 December 
2023 
22 
December 
2025 
Dublin 
Santander 
Leasing 
Bonds 
PLN 
200,000,000 
23 June 2023 
24 June 2024 
none 
Santander 
Leasing 
Bonds 
PLN 
200,000,000 
14 July 2023 
15 July 2024 
none 
Santander 
Leasing 
Bonds 
PLN 
100,000,000 
19 December 
2023 
19 
December 
2023 
none 
Santander 
Factoring 
Bonds 
PLN 
300,000,000 
16 August 2023 
16 February 
2024 
none 
SCB 
Bonds 
PLN 
300,000,000 
28 October 2022 
6 December 
2024 
Non 
Santander 
Consumer 
Multirent sp. z 
o.o. (SCM) 
Bonds 
PLN 
50,000,000 
26 May 2023 
31 March 
2025 
none 
SCM 
Bonds 
PLN 
265,000,000 
26 October 2022 
28 October 
2024 
none 
S.C. Poland 
Consumer 23-1 
DAC 
Bonds 
PLN 
1,000,000,000 
1 December 2022 
16 
November 
2032 
None 
SCM Poland 
Auto 2019-1 
DAC 
Bonds 
PLN 
891,000,000 
20 July 2020 
31 July 2028 
None 
Related Party Transactions 
The Group entered into a number of related party transactions, including transactions between members 
of the Group and transactions with members of the Santander Group. The tables below show the related 
party transactions entered into by the Group as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022: 
 
Transactions with associates 
As at or for the year ended  
31 December 2023 
As at or for the year ended  
31 December 2022 
 
(PLN thousand) 
Assets 
264 
214 
Loans and advances to customers 
204 
154 
Other assets 
60 
60 
Liabilities 
108,965 
56,298 
Deposits from customers 
108,911 
56,243 
Other liabilities 
54 
55 
Income 
80,969 
68,411 
Interest income 
9 
10 
Fee and commission income 
80,924 
68,396 
Other operating income 
36 
5 
Expenses 
1,920 
1,679 
Interest expense 
1,920 
1,679

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
Transactions with Santander Group 
with the parent company 
with other entities 
 
(PLN thousand) 
 
As at or for the year ended  
31 December 
As at or for the year ended  
31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
Assets 
12,840,432 
11,475,005 
4,004 
1,749 
Loans and advances to banks, incl: 
5,895,136 
6,202,306 
2,090 
1,749 
Current accounts 
930,559 
566,447 
2,090 
1,749 
Loans and advances 
4,964,577 
5,635,859 
- 
- 
Financial assets held for trading 
4,547,294 
4,098,301 
- 
- 
Reverse sale and repurchase agreements 
2,395,729 
1,173,532 
- 
- 
Other assets 
2,273 
866 
1,914 
- 
Liabilities 
5,990,841 
10,988,611 
193,650 
108,574 
Deposits from banks incl.: 
899,867 
1,288,557 
17,244 
17,142 
Current accounts and advances 
519,364 
595,307 
17,244 
17,142 
Loans from other banks 
380,503 
693,250 
- 
- 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
4,206,059 
3,796,232 
- 
- 
Deposits from customers 
- 
- 
106,950 
70,288 
Lease liabilities 
- 
 
25 
25 
Debt securities in issue 
871,197 
5,899,300 
- 
- 
Other liabilities 
13,718 
4,522 
69,431 
21,119 
Contingent liabilities 
9,029,662 
3,326,481 
33,604 
5,320 
Sanctioned: 
1,271,084 
- 
22,835 
3,827 
Financial 
- 
- 
20,000 
- 
guarantees 
1,271,084 
- 
2,835 
3,827 
Received: 
7,758,578 
3,326,481 
10,769 
1,493 
guarantees 
7,758,578 
3,326,481 
10,769 
1,493 
Derivatives' nominal values 
431,615,381 
231,138,041 
- 
- 
Cross-currency interest rate swap (CIRS) – 
purchased  
13,849,657 
6,346,764 
- 
- 
Cross-currency interest rate swap (CIRS) – sold  
13,632,380 
6,253,250 
- 
- 
Single-currency interest rate swap (IRS) 
207,713,978 
119,850,295 
- 
- 
Forward rate agreement (FRA) 
105,698,880 
22,522,500 
- 
- 
Options interest rate 
5,715,156 
5,686,116 
- 
- 
FX swap – purchased amounts 
32,742,241 
23,128,822 
- 
- 
FX swap – sold amounts 
32,944,709 
23,552,024 
- 
- 
FX options – purchased CALL 
3,887,702 
5,646,198 
- 
- 
FX options – purchased PUT 
4,074,479 
5,754,442 
- 
- 
FX options – sold CALL 
2,452,114 
5,277,238 
- 
- 
FX options – sold PUT 
2,975,070 
5,886,463 
- 
- 
Spot – purchased 
1,224,058 
531,156 
- 
- 
Spot – sold 
1,223,140 
531,264 
- 
- 
Forward – purchased 
1,731,221 
63,919 
- 
- 
Forward – sold 
1,745,974 
58,400 
- 
- 
Window forward – purchased amounts 
2,448 
24,987 
- 
- 
Window forward – sold amounts 
2,174 
24,203 
- 
- 
Income 
1,239,344 
1,050,920 
10,290 
13,051 
Interest income 
311,278 
28,159 
176 
6 
Fee and commission income 
21,507 
14,176 
229 
645 
Other operating income 
18 
317 
9,812 
12,400 
Net trading income and revaluation 
906,541 
1,008,268 
73 
- 
Expenses 
208,290 
135,895 
167,628 
135,248 
Interest expense 
115,550 
81,726 
1,089 
3,706 
Fee and commission expense 
28,008 
7,689 
235 
347 
Net trading income and revaluation 
- 
- 
- 
(3) 
Operating expenses incl.: 
64,732 
46,480 
166,304 
131,198

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
Staff, Operating expenses and 
management costs 
64,678 
46,478 
166,178 
131,198 
Other operating expenses 
54 
2 
126 
- 
Risk management 
The following is a summary only of the Group's risk management system. For a more detailed 
discussion of the Group's risk management system, see Note 4 in the 2023 Consolidated Financial 
Statement. 
Overview 
The Group's risk management system is a crucial component of the overall management of its activities 
and is designed to: (i) identify and assess the various risks associated with the activities of each of the 
Group's individual business lines and the Group as a whole; (ii) control and mitigate such risks; (iii) 
ensure that the Group's activities comply with regulatory requirements; and (iv) optimise the use of the 
Group's economic and regulatory capital. 
The underlying principle of risk management is to optimise the allocation of the Group's available 
resources, being the available funding base, its own capital, and its ability to generate current profits to 
fund the achievement of its business goals, while ensuring liquidity and adequate capitalisation. Risk 
management addresses all the risk types relevant to the Group. In co-operation with the Group's 
subsidiaries, the Bank identifies and assesses all the risk types relevant from the point of view of the 
scale and scope of the Group's operations. Those measures result in an estimate of the capital necessary 
to cover the risk. 
The risk management process takes place at every level of the Bank's operations: from individual 
business units, through specialised units responsible for the identification, measurement, monitoring, 
control and mitigation of risk, to the major decision-making bodies: the Management Board and the 
Supervisory Board. 
Individual risks are monitored and controlled by the relevant organisational units in the Bank and those 
of its subsidiaries. Internal policies and procedures have been implemented regarding the management, 
mitigation and reporting of these risks. In selected risk management areas, contingency plans and 
procedures have been implemented to address any particular risks and are intended to be applied if a 
particular risk increases significantly. In the process of risk identification, assessment and mitigation, 
the Group applies modern methodologies. These methods, as well as the IT systems used in the risk 
management process, are constantly reviewed and updated as necessary. 
Risk appetite is defined within the Group as the maximum risk, in terms of both amount and structure, 
which the Bank is willing and able to incur in pursuing its business objectives under the going-concern 
scenario (beyond inherent, existential risks). Risk appetite resulting from the available capital and 
funding base is the starting point in the Bank's risk management, and thus impacts the budgeting process 
and the capital allocation process. 
Internal Organisation 
The chart below sets out the organisational structure of the Group's risk management system for all 
members of the Group except for SCB and its subsidiaries:

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Supervisory Board, through its Audit and Compliance Committee and Risk Committee, exercises 
constant supervision over the Bank's operations in the risk-taking area, which includes approving the 
risk management strategies and supervising their execution. It also reviews the key risk areas and the 
processes of identifying threats, defining remedial actions and monitoring their efficiency. 
The Management Board is responsible for the effectiveness of risk management. It is responsible for 
developing an organisational structure aligned with the level and profile of risk being taken and ensuring 
that the risk measurement and control function is separated from the operational activity. It is also 
Credit Policy Forum for Retail Credit Portfolios 
Credit Policy Forum for Business and Corporate Credit 
Portfolios 
Credit Committee 
Provisions Committee 
Restructuring Committee 
ORMCO  
Market and Investment Risk Committee 
Information Management Committee  
Capital Committee  
ALCO  
Liquidity Forum  
Local Marketing and Monitoring Committee  
CyberTechRisk Forum  
General Compliance Committee  
Regulatory and Reputational Risk Committee  
Disclosure Committee  
AML Decision Making Committee  
Suppliers Panel 
AML Operating Committee 
Credit Risk Committee 
Credit Policy Forum for SME Credit Portfolios 
Model Risk Management Committee  
Risk Management Committee 
Management Board of 
Santander Bank Polska S.A. 
Risk Control Committee  
Supervisory Board of 
Santander Bank Polska S.A.  
Audit and Compliance 
Committee  
Risk Committee 
Internal Audit Area 
Gold Committee 
Silver Committee 
Bronze Group 
ESG Panel  
Responsible Banking and Corporate Culture Committee 
(including the ESG Forum)

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
responsible for implementing and updating the written risk management strategies. The Management 
Board fulfils its risk management role through the following committees: 
• 
Risk Management Committee: an executive committee responsible for giving the key credit 
approvals and approving the annual limits for securities transactions, limits for the Assets and 
Liabilities Committee and plans for risk assessment models; and 
• 
Risk Control Committee: a committee which is responsible for monitoring the risk level across 
different areas of the Bank's operations and supervising the activities of the lower level risk 
management committees. 
The Risk Control Committee supervises the activities of the below-listed committees operating in the 
risk management field: 
• 
Credit Risk Committee, which approves and supervises the risk management policy and risk 
measurement methodology as well as monitors credit risk of consolidated credit portfolio or in 
cases pertaining to more than one business segment; 
• 
Credit Policy Forum for Retail Portfolios/SME Portfolios/Business and Corporate Loans 
Portfolios, which are authorised to approve and supervise the risk measurement policy and 
methodology, and monitoring credit risk only in relation to their respective business segments. 
The following committees are responsible for developing the risk management methodology and for 
monitoring risks in particular areas of the Group's operations: 
• 
Credit Committee, which makes credit approval decisions in accordance with the applicable 
discretion levels; 
• 
Provisions Committee, which takes decisions on impairment charges in an individual and 
collective approach for credit exposures, as well as other financial instruments and assets and 
on legal risk provisions. Moreover, the Provisions Committee monitors credit loss allowances, 
reviews the adequacy of parameters applied when setting the impairment in an individual and 
collective approach for the Group, excluding SCB, and takes decisions about sales of loan 
portfolios; 
• 
Recovery Committee, which takes decisions as to the dealing with borrowers in distress, 
including with respect to the relationship management strategy, approval of the causes of loss 
analysis and monitoring of the portfolio and effectiveness of recovery processes; 
• 
Market and Investment Risk Committee, which approves and supervises the risk management 
policy and risk measurement methodology as well as monitors market risk in the banking book, 
market risk in the trading book, structural risk for the balance sheet, liquidity risk and 
investment risk; 
• 
Model Risk Management Committee, which is responsible for model risk management as well 
as supervises the methodology of models used in the Group; 
• 
Information Management Committee, which is responsible for the quality and organisation of 
data relating to the Bank's operations; 
• 
Operational Risk Management Committee, which sets the strategic goals for the Group's 
operational risk management, including business continuity, information security and the 
prevention of fraud;

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
• 
CyberTechRisk Forum, which is responsible for evaluating and proposing changes to the IT, 
cybersecurity and operations strategy as well as for the monitoring of key issues relating to IT, 
cybersecurity and operations. It also serves as a forum for discussions on operational risk, with 
a particular focus on technological risk, including cyber risk; 
• 
Suppliers' Panel, which establishes standards for suppliers and monitors the providers of 
external services; 
• 
Assets and Liabilities Management Committee, which supervises the banking book and is 
responsible for funding and balance sheet management, including pricing policy; 
• 
Liquidity Forum, which monitors the Bank's liquidity positions, in particular the dynamics of 
deposit and credit volumes, the Bank's financing needs and general market conditions; 
• 
Capital Committee, which is responsible for managing the Bank's capital; 
• 
Disclosure Committee, which verifies the Group's financial information regarding compliance 
with legal and regulatory requirements; 
• 
Local Marketing and Monitoring Committee, which is responsible for approving new products 
and services to be offered by the Group; 
• 
General Compliance Committee, which sets standards for the management of compliance risk 
and the codes of conduct applied by the Group; 
• 
Regulatory and Reputational Risk Committee, which is responsible for monitoring the Group's 
compliance with applicable laws, regulatory guidelines and industry standards; 
• 
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Committee, which approves the 
Group's policy on preventing money laundering and the financing of terrorism, and monitors 
the Group's compliance in this area; and 
• 
The Responsible Banking and Corporate Culture Committee is the main forum to discuss issues 
concerning responsible banking, sustainable development, ESG and corporate culture. It sets 
the direction of strategic activities and monitors the related objectives. As part of the 
Committee, the ESG Forum has been established to analyse challenges, opportunities and risks 
related to the EU Sustainable Finance agenda, including ESG risks, plan activities and 
coordinate their implementation at the Bank, and to submit regular reports to the Responsible 
Banking and Corporate Culture Committee and the Bank's Management Board. 
The Bank has also set up the following committees which convene following the occurrence of events 
which the Bank deems critical from the risk management perspective: 
• 
Gold Committee, which takes decisions in crisis situations affecting the Group. It recommends 
the Management Board to activate the recovery plan, activates the liquidity and capital 
contingency plans, the business continuity plans and the communication plan; 
• 
Silver Committee, which is the main body managing the special situations following the 
activation of the contingency situation. It assesses the impact of the situation and coordinates 
the Group's activities as part of the special situation management, activates action plans and 
"business as usual" restoration procedures. The committee is also responsible for preparing 
conclusions from the process of managing a special situation once that situation is resolved; 
and

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
• 
Bronze Group, which is responsible for the identification of and prompt response to threats or 
events that may pose a risk to the normal functioning of the Group or its members. It identifies 
new threats in cooperation with the committees which manage risks on a daily basis. 
Loan application process 
The loan application process implemented by the Bank is a key element in managing the credit risk to 
which the Bank is exposed in connection with its lending activities. The loan application process is 
based on the credit policy adopted by the Group and its purpose is to ensure that the risk associated with 
granting new loans is within the limits acceptable to the Group. 
The Bank has adopted credit limit guidelines to define the responsibilities of the Bank's organisational 
units and individual employees in the credit approval process. 
The exact credit approval process which will be applied to a given client depends on the segment to 
which the client was assigned. The decision to grant a loan is taken by a credit officer. Each credit 
officer has its own personal limit within which it can grant a loan without referring the matter to other 
committees of the Bank. This personal limit is determined on the basis of the knowledge and experience 
of the individual officer and the segment of the Bank's operations for which the officer is responsible. 
Loans under which the Bank's exposure would exceed PLN 50 million are referred to the Bank's credit 
committee. The credit committee is composed of holders of senior positions at the Bank. Additionally, 
transactions under which the Bank's exposure would exceed higher thresholds (from PLN 48.75 million 
to PLN 195 million, depending on the type of transaction) must be approved by the Management 
Board's Risk Management Committee. 
Loan collateral 
The Bank has set up a separate unit, the Collateral and Credit Agreements Department, which is 
responsible for monitoring whether the security interests established in the Bank's favour effectively 
secure the Bank's interests and are in line with the lending policies of the various business segments. 
The scope and value of the required collateral depend on the type of client and the type of loan. 
The table below shows what types of collateral are accepted by the Bank as security interests for various 
types of loan: 
 
Type of financing 
Type of collateral 
Retail customers 
 
Cash loan 
promissory note, guarantee, credit insurance 
Loan backed by liquid assets 
security deposit, cash blocked on a bank account, investment fund 
certificates 
Student loan 
surety 
Housing loan 
mortgage, credit insurance, security assignment of claims under 
insurance policies 
Leasing 
promissory note, guarantee, power of attorney to a bank account, 
pledge over moveable assets, transfer of ownership, mortgage, buy-
back guarantee from the supplier of the leased assets 
Business customers 
 
Commercial loan 
security deposit, registered pledge, promissory note 
Revolving loan 
security assignment, promissory note, guarantee, registered pledge 
Construction loan 
mortgage 
Investment loan 
mortgage, surety, guarantee 
Amendments to already granted 
loans 
additional guarantees, sureties

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
Leasing 
promissory note, guarantee, power of attorney to a bank account, 
pledge over moveable assets, transfer of ownership, mortgage, buy-
back guarantee from the supplier of the leased assets 
Non-performing loans 
The table below shows the impairment allowances for expected credit losses on loans and advances 
measured at amortised cost for the 12-month period ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 
and six-month period ended 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023. The Bank actively manages its non-
performing loans portfolio by, for example, selling the loan portfolios to external non-performing loan 
managers. 
 
Impairment allowances for expected credit losses on 
loans and advances measured at amortised cost 
1 January 2023 -  
31 December 2023 
1 January 2022 -  
31 December 2022 
 
(in PLN thousand) 
Charge on loans and advances to banks 
(259) 
(38) 
Stage 1 
(259) 
(38) 
Stage 2 
- 
- 
Stage 3 
- 
- 
POCI 
- 
- 
Charge on loans and advances to customers 
(1,124,593) 
(946,026) 
Stage 1 
(153,481) 
(120,628) 
Stage 2 
(573,916) 
(503,913) 
Stage 3 
(468,711) 
(427,660) 
POCI 
71,515 
106,175 
Recoveries of loans previously written of 
38,869 
52,094 
Stage 1 
- 
- 
Stage 2 
- 
- 
Stage 3 
38,869 
52,094 
POCI 
- 
- 
Off-balance sheet credit related facilities 
(63,394) 
(715) 
Stage 1 
(9,385) 
4,142 
Stage 2 
(37,617) 
(1,547) 
Stage 3 
(16,392) 
(3,310) 
POCI 
- 
- 
Total 
(1,149,377) 
(894,685) 
 
Impairment allowances for expected credit losses on 
loans and advances measured at amortised cost 
1 January 2024 -  
30 June 2024 
(unaudited) 
1 January 2023 -  
30 June 2023 
(unaudited) 
 
(in PLN thousand) 
Charge on loans and advances to banks 
184 
(1,496) 
Stage 1 
184 
(1,496) 
Stage 2 
- 
- 
Stage 3 
- 
- 
POCI 
- 
- 
Charge on loans and advances to customers 
(648,866) 
(620,592) 
Stage 1 
(7,859) 
(90,963) 
Stage 2 
(422,590) 
(291,237) 
Stage 3 
(270,234) 
(282,304) 
POCI 
51,817 
43,912

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
Recoveries of loans previously written of 
36,285 
34,557 
Stage 1 
- 
- 
Stage 2 
- 
- 
Stage 3 
36,285 
34,557 
POCI 
 
- 
Off-balance sheet credit related facilities 
1,148 
(2,701) 
Stage 1 
(4,299) 
(3,311) 
Stage 2 
(14,616) 
(3,069) 
Stage 3 
20,063 
3,679 
POCI 
- 
- 
Total 
(611,249) 
(590,232) 
Shareholders 
Overview 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank's share capital is divided into 102,189,314 ordinary 
bearer shares with a nominal value of PLN 10 each. Each share gives its holder the right to one vote at 
the Bank's General Meeting. 
The Bank is a public company and its shares are listed on the regulated market of the WSE. Therefore, 
the Bank does not have detailed information on all of its shareholders. The Bank only receives 
information on its significant shareholders if these shareholders comply with the notification 
requirements prescribed by Polish law. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, Santander held 63,560,774 shares in the Bank, which constitutes 
62.20 per cent. of the Bank's share capital and confers the right to 62.20 per cent. votes at the Bank's 
General Meeting. 
The table below sets out information on the shareholding structure of the Bank as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, based on the most recent notifications made to the Bank. 
 
 
Number of shares 
per cent. of voting rights 
at the General Meeting 
Santander 
63,560,774 
62.20 
Nationale-Nederlanden Otwarty Fundusz 
Emerytalny and Nationale-Nederlanden 
Dobrowolny Fundusz Emerytalny 
5,123,581 
5.00 
Other shareholders 
33,504,959 
32.80 
Total 
102,189,314 
100 
Santander's control over the Bank 
Nature of control 
As a holder of the majority of voting rights at the Bank's General Meeting, Santander can exercise a 
decisive influence on the resolutions adopted by this body, and in particular on the resolutions on key 
issues relating to the Bank's organisation and operations, including: (a) appropriation of the 
profits/offsetting of losses incurred by the Bank; (b) approval of the due performance of their duties by 
the Bank's bodies; (c) appointment and dismissal of members of the Supervisory Board; (d) amendments 
to the Bank's statutes; (e) increases and decreases in the share capital of the Bank; (f) the redemption of 
shares; (g) the utilisation of supplementary capital and other reserves by the Bank; (h) the issue of 
convertible bonds or bonds with a pre-emptive right; (i) the determination of remuneration rules for 
Supervisory Board members; and (j) the Bank's liquidation, merger, demerger or transformation. Since

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Management Board members are appointed and dismissed by the Supervisory Board, Santander, by 
having a decisive influence on the composition of the Supervisory Board, can also directly influence 
the composition of the Management Board. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no entity other than 
Santander has control over the Bank. 
In the opinion of the Bank, neither the Statute nor the by-laws of the General Meeting, the Supervisory 
Board or the Management Board contain any provisions which might delay, forestall or prevent a 
change of control over the Bank. 
Mechanisms preventing an abuse of control 
There are a number of legal instruments aimed at preventing an abuse of control over the Bank by its 
major shareholder specified in the Commercial Companies Code and the Act on Public Offerings dated 
29 July 2005. 
Dividend 
On 18 April 2024 the Bank's General Meeting adopted a resolution concerning the distribution of the 
Bank's net profit for the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 allocating PLN 
3,504,071,577.06 from the Bank's net profit for 2023 and PLN 1,056,637,506.76 out of the dividend 
reserve, i.e. the aggregate amount of PLN 4,560,709,083.82 to payment of dividend. The dividend 
amount per one share was PLN 44.63. 
IT and operations 
The Group has several IT systems, including systems supporting remote banking channels, product 
management, accounting, IT and HR support. The IT infrastructure meets market standards and is 
protected with a regularly tested business continuity solution (including a remote facility), data backup 
procedures, off-site data storage and sophisticated cyber-crime prevention software. Additionally, the 
Issuer is constantly monitoring the compliance of its IT systems with the relevant recommendations of 
the KNF. 
Litigation 
General 
As at 31 December 2023, the value of all court cases in which the Group was involved was PLN 
8,527,814 thousand. This includes PLN 1,842,060 thousand claimed by the Group, PLN 6,601,675 
thousand in claims against the Group and PLN 84,079 thousand of the Group's receivables due to 
bankruptcy or arrangement proceedings. As at 31 December 2023, the value of provisions for legal risk 
connected with foreign currency mortgage loans was PLN 803,385 thousand, the value of provisions 
for reimbursement of costs relating to early repayment of consumer loans and mortgage loans was PLN 
37,453 thousand and the value of provisions for other legal claims was PLN 123,469 thousand. No 
individual case's value exceeds 10 per cent. of the Group's equity. As at 30 June 2024, the value of all 
court cases in which the Group was involved was PLN 9,932,674 thousand. This includes PLN 
2,151,854 thousand claimed by the Group, PLN 7,696,642 thousand in claims against the Group and 
PLN 84,178 thousand of the Group's receivables due to bankruptcy or arrangement proceedings. The 
table below shows the value of all court cases in which the Bank is involved.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
 
30 June 2024 
(unaudited) 
31 December 
2023 
31 December 
2022 
 
(in PLN thousand) 
Amounts claimed by the Group 
2,151,854 
1,842,060 
1,384,887 
Claims against the Group 
7,696,642 
6,601,675 
4,175,352 
Receivables due to bankruptcy or arrangement 
proceedings 
84,178 
84,079 
74,344 
Value of all litigation 
9,932,674 
8,527,814 
5,634,583 
Completed court proceedings 
459,043 
420,952 
254,496 
Disputes relating to CHF Mortgage Loans 
The Group's CHF Mortgage Loan portfolio 
As at 31 December 2023, the Group had retail exposures of PLN 6,270,419 thousand in respect of 
mortgage loans denominated in, or indexed to, CHF. As at 31 December 2023, there were 17,859 
lawsuits pending against the Group over loans indexed to, or denominated in, a foreign currency (mainly 
CHF), with the disputed amount totalling PLN 6,150,398.0 thousand. This included two class actions: 
(i) a class action against the Bank in respect of 302 CHF-indexed loans, with the disputed amount of 
PLN 50.983.0 thousand and (ii) a class action against SCB in respect of 31 CHF-indexed loans, with 
the disputed amount of PLN 38.0 thousand. 
As at 31 December 2023, the Group estimated the total cumulative impact of legal risk associated with 
the CHF Mortgage Loans in the Group to be PLN 5,030,355 thousand, including: 
• 
IFRS 9 adjustment to the gross carrying amount at PLN 4,226,970 thousand (including PLN 
3,414,431 thousand in the case of the Bank and PLN 812,539 thousand in the case of SCB); 
and 
• 
IAS 37 provision at PLN 803,385 thousand (including PLN 624,354 thousand in the case of the 
Bank and PLN 179,031 thousand in the case of SCB). 
As at 30 June 2024, the Group had retail exposures of PLN 5,375,474 thousand in respect of mortgage 
loans denominated in, or indexed to, CHF. As at 30 June 2024, there were 20,442 lawsuits pending 
against the Group over loans indexed to, or denominated in CHF, with the disputed amount totalling, 
PLN 7,218,039 thousand. This included two class actions: (i) a class action against the Bank in respect 
of 302 CHF-indexed loans, with the disputed amount of PLN 50,983 thousand and (ii) a class action 
against SCB in respect of 31 CHF-indexed loans, with the disputed amount of PLN 38.0 thousand. 
As at 30 June 2024, the Group estimated the total cumulative impact of legal risk associated with the 
CHF Mortgage Loans in the Group to be PLN 5,789,952 thousand, including:  
• 
IFRS 9 adjustment to the gross carrying amount at PLN 4,565,450 thousand (including PLN 
3,558,760 thousand in the case of the Bank and PLN 1,006,690 thousand in the case of SCB); 
and 
• 
IAS 37 provision at PLN 1,224,502 thousand (including PLN 914,951 thousand in the case of 
the Bank and PLN 309,551 thousand in the case of SCB). 
The tables below present the total cost of legal risk connected with mortgage loans recognised in the 
Group's income statement and statement of financial position, including the cost of settlements.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
Cost of legal risk connected with foreign currency mortgage 
loans 
1 January 2024 –  
30 June 2024 
1 January 2023 –  
30 June 2023 
(Unaudited, PLN thousand) 
Impact of legal risk associated with foreign currency mortgage 
loans recognised as adjustment to gross carrying amount 
(794,453) 
(755,557) 
Impact of legal risk associated with foreign currency mortgage 
loans recognised as provision 
(486,950) 
(179,585) 
Other costs 
(265,495) 
(214,337) 
Total cost of legal risk associated with foreign currency 
mortgage loans 
(1,546,538) 
(1,149,479) 
Gain/loss on derecognition of financial instruments measured at 
amortised cost 
(32,647) 
(263,343) 
including: settlements made 
(35,093) 
(267,541) 
Total cost of legal risk associated with foreign currency 
mortgage loans and settlements made 
(1,581,631) 
(1,417,020) 
Other costs include but are not limited to the costs of court proceedings and costs of enforcement of 
court judgments. 
 
 
30 June 2024 
(unaudited) 
31 December 2023 
 
(PLN thousand) 
Adjustment to gross carrying amount in respect of legal risk 
associated with foreign currency mortgage loans 
4,565,450 
4,226,970 
Provision for legal risk associated with foreign currency 
mortgage loans  
1,224,502 
803,385 
Total cumulative impact of legal risk associated with 
foreign currency mortgage loans 
5,789,952 
5,030,355 
As at 30 June 2024, the total adjustment to the gross carrying amount and provisions for legal risk and 
legal provisions (for legal claims and a collective portion) account for 101 per cent. of the gross value 
of the active CHF Mortgage Loans portfolio (before adjustment to the gross carrying amount in line 
with IFRS 9). 
The increase in the cost of legal risk between January 2024 and June 2024 is a result a review of the 
legal risk associated with the CHF Mortgage Loans and updating the following parameters: assessment 
of likelihood of various judgments being issued following the recent Supreme Court decisions, expected 
level of settlements and number of claims, settlement costs in case of invalidation of a loan agreement. 
The cost of legal risk was also affected by the increasing number of court judgments concerning the 
CHF Mortgage Loans and the decrease in CHF/PLN exchange rate. 
The Group used a statistical model to estimate the likelihood of claims being made by borrowers in 
relation to both active and repaid loans based on the existing lawsuits against the Group and the 
estimated growth in their number. The model assesses the so-called lifetime risk and is based on a range 
of behavioural characteristics related to the loan and the customer. The Group assumes that lawsuits 
have been or will be filed against the Group in relation to approximately 33.4 per cent. of loans (both 
active and repaid). These assumptions are highly sensitive to a number of external factors, including 
but not limited to the ruling practice of Polish courts, the level of publicity around individual rulings, 
measures taken by the mediating law firms and the costs of proceedings. Customers' interest in proposed 
settlements is another important aspect affecting the estimates, as is the practice of Polish courts 
regarding the implementation of the CJEU rulings. The Group expects that most of the lawsuits will be 
filed by the end of 2025, and then the number of new claims will drop as the legal environment will 
become more structured. 
In the Group's opinion, the expected number of cases estimated based on the statistical model is also 
characterised by uncertainty owing to such factors as: the duration of court proceedings (also estimated

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
based on a relatively short time horizon of available statistics, which does not meet the conditions for 
application of quantitative methods) and the growing costs related to initiating and continuing the court 
proceedings. 
For the purpose of calculating the costs of legal risk, the Group also estimated how likely it is that a 
particular number of lawsuits will be filed and what are the possible scenarios in this respect. The 
likelihoods differ between loans indexed to CHF and loans denominated in CHF. The likelihood of an 
unfavourable ruling for the Group is higher for the loans indexed to CHF and lower for the loans 
denominated in CHF. The Group also considered the protracted proceedings in some courts. As at 30 
June 2024, 3,570 final and non-appealable judgments were issued in cases against the Group (including 
those passed after the CJEU ruling of 3 October 2019), of which 3,421 were unfavourable to the Group, 
and 149 were entirely or partially favourable to the Group. When assessing these likelihoods, the Group 
used the support of law firms and conducted thorough analysis of the ruling practice in cases concerning 
indexed and denominated loans. 
As the current ruling practice is not unanimous, the Group considers the following scenarios of possible 
court rulings that might lead to financial losses: 
• 
annulment of the whole loan agreement due to unfair clauses, with only the principal amount 
to be reimbursed by the borrower (the lead scenario); 
• 
annulment of the clauses of the loan agreement identified as unfair, resulting in the conversion 
of the loan into PLN with an interest rate based on a rate relevant for CHF; 
• 
conversion of the loan to PLN with an interest rate based on WIBOR; and 
• 
rulings leading to the settlement by the borrower of the disbursed principal amount of the loan, 
taking into account its real, rather than the notional value. 
These scenarios also vary in terms of likelihood depending on the type of agreement and in terms of the 
level of losses incurred in case of their materialisation. They were estimated with the support of external 
law firms independent from the Group. Each of these scenarios has an estimated expected loss level 
based on the available historical data. 
The Group also considers an additional scenario in which it may incur financial loss on account of 
additional claims made by the borrower beyond the reimbursement of the nominal amount of the 
instalments paid. 
The Polish Supreme Court and the Court of Justice of the European Union issued several judgments 
concerning various legal issues related to the CHF Mortgage Loans. Most of these judgments were 
favourable to the borrowers. For more detail on the judgments the Bank deems most relevant, please 
see note 48 "Legal risk connected with CHF mortgage loans" to the 2023 Consolidated Financial 
Statements. 
Settlements 
In December 2020, the Chairman of the KNF presented a proposal for voluntary settlements between 
banks and borrowers under which CHF Mortgage Loans would be retrospectively settled as loans 
denominated in PLN with an interest rate based on WIBOR increased by a margin. The Group prepared 
settlement proposals which take into account both the key elements of conversion of the CHF Mortgage 
Loans proposed by the Chairman of KNF and the conditions defined internally by the Bank. This is 
reflected in the model which is currently used to calculate provisions for legal risk, both in terms of the 
impact of proposed settlements on the customers' willingness to bring a case to court and with respect

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
to the potential outcomes of court proceedings. As at 30 June 2024, the Group entered into 11,140 
settlements (both before court proceedings being initiated and during court proceedings). 
Sensitivity analysis 
Due to high uncertainty around both individual assumptions and their total impact, the Group carried 
out the following sensitivity analysis of the estimated impact of legal risk by assessing the influence of 
variability of individual parameters on the level of that risk. 
The estimates were prepared in the form of a univariate analysis of provision value sensitivity.  
Taking into account the variability of the parameters outlined below, as at 30 June 2024 the impact of 
legal risk estimated on a collective basis is affected as follows: 
 
Scenario 
Change in the 
collective provision as 
at 30 June 2024 
Change in the 
collective provision as 
at 31 December 2023 
 
(PLN million) 
Doubling the number of customers filing a lawsuit 
929 
991 
50% reduction in the number of customers filing a lawsuit 
(464) 
(496) 
Relative increase of 5% in the likelihood of losing the case 
46 
50 
Relative decrease of 5% in the likelihood of losing the case 
(46) 
(50) 
For all the parameters, the variability range in the sensitivity analysis was estimated taking into account 
existing market conditions. The adopted variability ranges may change depending on market 
developments, which may significantly affect the results of the sensitivity analysis. 
Taking into account the variability of the parameters outlined below, the provision for individual legal 
claims as at 30 June 2024 and in the comparative period is affected as follows: 
 
Scenario 
Change in the 
individual provision as 
at 30 June 2024 
Change in the 
individual provision as 
at 31 December 2023 
 
(PLN million) 
Relative increase of 5% in the likelihood of losing the case 
237 
191 
Relative decrease of 5% in the likelihood of losing the case 
(237) 
(191) 
Management and Employees 
Management and Supervisory Bodies 
In accordance with the Commercial Companies Code and the Banking Law, the Bank is managed by 
its Management Board and overseen by its Supervisory Board. The information provided below relating 
to the organisation, competencies and activities of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board 
has been prepared based on the provisions of the Commercial Companies Code, the Banking Law and 
the Bank's statutes. 
Management Board 
The Management Board is the Bank's governing body. 
The Management Board comprises at least three members appointed by the Supervisory Board for a 
joint term of office of three years. The Management Board is headed by the President.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
At least half of the Management Board members, including the President, must hold a degree, have 
their permanent residence in Poland and have a proven command of the Polish language. Additionally, 
at least half of the Management Board members, including the President, must demonstrate experience 
in the Polish market which may be applied to managing a bank and have in-depth knowledge of the 
Polish banking sector. Two Management Board members, including the President, are appointed with 
the consent of the KNF. 
The President has the casting vote at Management Board meetings at which there is an even number of 
votes cast in favour and against a Management Board resolution. 
The Management Board is responsible for: 
• 
adopting long-term plans and the strategic objectives of the Bank; 
• 
preparing assumptions for the Bank's business and financial plans; 
• 
adopting decisions on disposal of the Bank's assets; and 
• 
executing all powers concerning the Bank's operations which are not vested in other corporate 
bodies. 
The members of the Management Board are set out below: 
 
Name 
Position 
Michał Gajewski 
President of Management Board 
Andrzej Burliga 
Vice-president of the Management Board 
Juan de Porras Aguirre 
Vice-president of the Management Board 
Arkadiusz Przybył 
Vice-president of the Management Board 
Lech Gałkowski 
Member of the Management Board 
Artur Głembocki 
Member of the Management Board 
Patryk Nowakowski 
Member of the Management Board 
Magdalena Proga-Stępień 
Member of the Management Board 
Maciej Reluga 
Member of the Management Board 
Wojciech Skalski 
Member of the Management Board 
Dorota Strojkowska 
Member of the Management Board 
Michał Gajewski 
Michał Gajewski is a legal adviser, holder of a law degree from Adam Mickiewicz University in 
Poznań. He also studied at the Northwestern University in Chicago and the London Business School. 
He started his career in banking in 1992. Initially, in the years 1992-2008, he worked with WBK Group 
and with the Group, starting from a branch role, progressing to various middle and senior management 
capacities and culminating in his appointment to the Management Board as the member responsible for 
Retail Banking. 
In the years 2008-2011, he acted as Vice-President of the Management Board of BGŻ Bank, where he 
was in charge of Retail Business and SME Banking and the Corporate Customers Division. 
In 2012, he joined Bank Millennium. Initially, in the years 2012-2015, he served as Macroregional 
Director in the Retail Banking Division, and then in 2015 he was appointed as a Management Board 
member responsible for Retail Business. In 2016 he was appointed the President of the Management 
Board of the Bank. 
Andrzej Burliga

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
Andrzej Burliga joined the Bank in 1995. He began his career in the Treasury Department where he 
was later promoted to the position of chief dealer and eventually Head of the Treasury Department. He 
headed the Risk Management Division between 2001 and 2006. He was appointed Deputy Head of the 
Risk Management Division and was responsible for the day-to-day management of key risks, including 
credit and operational risk, in the Group. 
Andrzej Burliga graduated from the Faculty of Theoretical Maths at Wrocław University. He completed 
programmes in the area of risk management as well as management, e.g. the INSEAD International 
Executives Development Programme and the BZWBK Development Programme for Executives, LMC 
Consulting – Lilley Moncrieff Taylor. He is a member of the Professional Risk Managers' International 
Association. 
Juan de Porras Aguirre 
Juan de Porras Aguirre has been working in banking since 1989. In January 2007, he joined Banco 
Santander as Managing Director of Global Corporate Banking. Since November 2010, Juan de Porras 
Aguirre has been managing the Division of Global Corporate Banking Poland at the Bank. Juan de 
Porras Aguirre graduated from Universidad de Granada with a master's degree in law and received a 
diploma in Business Administration from Escuela Superior de Administración y Dirección de Empresas 
in Barcelona. He has also completed the Investment Banking Executive Program at the Kellogg School 
of Management at Northwestern University in Chicago. 
Arkadiusz Przybył 
Arkadiusz Przybył has many years of experience in banking. In 2012, he was appointed CEO of 
Santander Consumer Bank in Wrocław. Between 2011 and 2012, he worked as Business Director in the 
Headquarters of Santander Consumer Finance in Madrid, where he was responsible for strategy and 
business development, market integration and company acquisition projects as well as for supporting 
and supervising the operations of Santander Consumer Finance in Poland. 
In 2009-2010, he held the position of Executive Director at GE Money Bank (Latvia) and GE Money 
(Latvia), and between 2005 and 2008 he worked as Head of Retail Banking at GE Money for Central 
and Eastern Europe, Zurich/Paris Headquarters. In the years 1997-2005, he held the position of 
Engagement Manager at McKinsey & Company, Warsaw. 
Lech Gałkowski 
Lech Gałkowski graduated from the Warsaw School of Economics with a degree in Banking and 
Finance. He was also awarded a scholarship from the Staffordshire University Business School. He 
joined the Bank in 2012 and from 2012 to 2018 he was the Head of the Corporate and Investment 
Banking Department and from 2018 to 2021 he was the Head of the Investment Banking Department. 
He joined the Management Board of the Bank in 2021 and is responsible for the Business and Corporate 
Banking Division. 
From 2008 to 2012, he was a member of the management board member at RBS Bank (Polska) S.A. 
(formerly ABN AMRO Bank (Polska) S.A.) in charge of Corporate and Investment Banking. From 
2003 to 2007, he was the Chief Financial Officer at Volvo Auto Polska sp. z o.o. From 1998 to 2003, 
he worked for ABN AMRO Bank (Polska) S.A. as a Senior Relationship Banker, Head of Automotive, 
Consumer & Healthcare Industries. From 1996 to 1998, he worked for Coopers & Lybrand sp. z o.o. as 
a Senior Auditor responsible for the banking sector. 
Artur Głembocki

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Artur Głembocki graduated from the Wrocław University of Science and Technology. In addition, he 
completed a number of courses in leadership, risk management, money laundering prevention, and 
financial crime compliance. 
He joined the Bank in 2008 and developed his career in the Risk Management Division. Since 2016 he 
has been the head of the Risk Management Area and since 2022 he has been the Deputy Chief Risk 
Officer. In 2023 he became a member of the Bank's Management Board in charge of the Compliance 
and FCC Division.  
Patryk Nowakowski 
Patryk Nowakowski joined the Bank in 2002 as an IT development specialist. Between 2004 and 2007, 
he worked in Switzerland for Business & Decisions AG, UBS AG and Oracle. He returned to the Bank 
in 2008 and led the Management Information Team, the Information Management Competence Centre, 
the Systems Development Area, the CRM Area and the Business Development Area. Between 2016 
and 2019 he was the Chief Information Officer and in the years 2017-2018 oversaw the acquisition of 
part of the enterprise of Deutsche Bank Polska S.A. He is a member of the Bank's Management Board 
and has been the head of the Digital Transformation unit since June 2019. 
Magdalena Proga-Stępień 
Magdalena Proga-Stępień is a graduate of SGH – Warsaw School of Economics (faculties: Master of 
Finance & Banking International Economic & Political Relations). She holds an MBA diploma of 
Northwestern University in Illinois, Kellogg School of Management. 
Magdalena Proga-Stępień is a leader with more than 20 years of experience in the financial sector 
transformation, change management and business development. She is an advocate of new technologies 
and digital transformation as well as supporter of diversity, inclusion and entrepreneurship. 
She joined the Bank in 2021. Prior to taking up the role of the Management Board member, she was the 
Head of Distribution responsible for individual, affluent and SME business segments, CRM and 
distribution transformation. 
Maciej Reluga 
Maciej Reluga graduated with a degree in Quantitative Methods of Economics from the Faculty of 
Economic Sciences at Warsaw University. He also completed a finance management programme at the 
University of Namur (Belgium). For many years he has dealt with analysing and forecasting economic 
indicators and developments. Since 2002, he has been the Bank's Chief Economist. He has completed 
many courses and training sessions in financial instruments, forecast and management methods. In 
2010, he completed the Senior Management Programme in Banking at the Swiss Finance Institute and 
in 2012 he attended the Strategic Leadership Academy at the ICAN Institute. 
Wojciech Skalski 
Wojciech Skalski graduated from the Wrocław University of Economics. He also received a scholarship 
at the University of Limerick and completed the executive programme at the ICAN Institute – Harvard 
Business Review. He is a certified chartered auditor and a member of the Association of Certified 
Chartered Accountants. 
Prior to joining the Bank he worked for audit firms and consultancies (Ernst & Young and Arthur 
Andersen). He joined the Bank in 2003 as the accounting policy manager. He became the Head of the 
Tax and Methodological Support. At the same time, he was the deputy Head of the Financial

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Accounting Area. Since 2008, he has been the Head of the Financial Accounting Area. In 2024 he 
became a member of the Management Board charge of the Financial Accounting and Control Division. 
Dorota Strojkowska 
Dorota Strojkowska has over 20 years of experience in banking, both in business and HR. 
She has been with the Bank since 2005. In 2012, she was nominated for the position of Retail Banking 
Business Model Coherency Director, and then in 2013 she was made Head of the Compensation 
Department. In 2014, she was appointed Head of the Organisational Effectiveness Area. Between April 
2016 and March 2017, Dorota headed the HR Division at PKO Bank Polski. Apart from strategic 
planning, she has a broad range of skills in HR model management development and organisational 
culture transformation. 
Dorota Strojkowska graduated from Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań with degrees in Classical 
and Polish Studies. She completed postgraduate studies at the Poznań University of Economics and 
Business, as well as Kozmiński University. Moreover, she has completed a number of professional 
training courses in HR management, coaching, strategic planning, financial management and business 
psychology, including the "Development of Managerial Skills" at Nottingham Trent University and the 
"Advance Leadership Programme" at the ICAN Institute, Harvard Business Review. 
The business address of all Management Board members is al. Jana Pawła II 17, 00-854 Warsaw, 
Poland. No Management Board member has any actual or potential conflict of interest between his/her 
duties to the Bank and his/her private interests and other duties. 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board exercises regular supervision over the Group's operations. 
The Supervisory Board consists of at least five members elected by the General Meeting for a joint term 
of office of three years. The General Meeting also appoints the Chairman of the Supervisory Board. 
The Management Board must notify the KNF of the composition of the Supervisory Board. 
At least half of the members of the Supervisory Board must be independent members. At least half of 
the members of the Supervisory Board, including all independent members, must demonstrate 
experience in the Polish market which may be applied to supervising the Bank's operations, have 
permanent residence in Poland, and have a proven command of the Polish language. 
The responsibilities of the Supervisory Board include: 
• 
reviewing the Group's annual financial statements; 
• 
approving the long-term development plans prepared by the Management Board; 
• 
appointing, suspending and dismissing members of the Management Board; 
• 
delegating members of the Supervisory Board for temporary positions on the Management 
Board; and 
• 
concluding, amending and terminating agreements with members of the Management Board. 
The Supervisory Board holds its meetings at least three times a year. For resolutions passed at 
Supervisory Board meetings to be valid, at least half of the members must be present at the meeting and 
all members must be invited. In certain cases, a resolution may be adopted in writing or a member of

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
the Supervisory Board may vote via another member. Passing a Supervisory Board resolution requires 
a majority of votes and, if there is an even number of votes, the Chairman has the casting vote. 
The Supervisory Board may appoint committees. The members of the committees carry out particular 
supervisory activities. The exact scope of responsibilities of a committee is set out in the resolution of 
the Supervisory Board appointing the committee. 
The table below sets out information on the members of the Supervisory Board. 
 
Name 
Position 
Antonio Escámez Torres 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
José Luis de Mora 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Dominika Bettman 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Adam Celiński 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Danuta Dąbrowska 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
José García Cantera 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Isabel Guerreiro 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Kamila Marchewka-Bartkowiak 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Tomasz Sójka 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Jerzy Surma 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Antonio Escámez Torres 
Antonio Escámez Torres hold a law degree from the University Complutense in Madrid. He has worked 
in the financial services sector from 1973 and has held a variety of executive and non-executive director-
level roles across a number of jurisdictions, including in Latin America, Europe and the United States 
of America. From 1973 to 1999 he worked for Banco Central and started working for the Santander 
Group in 1999. 
José Luis De Mora 
José Luis De Mora is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and a Graduate of the ICADE University. 
He holds an MBA from Boston College. From 1994 to 1998, José Luis De Mora was employed at 
Dresdner Kleinwort Benson (London) as Spain Analyst in charge of Spanish equity products and banks. 
From 1998 to 2003, he was employed with Merrill Lynch in London as their Pan-European Banks 
Analyst in charge of Pan-European banking strategy in France, Portugal, Italy and Spain. Since 2003, 
José Luis de Mora has held the role of Corporate Development and Strategy Director with Banco 
Santander. He is also a Member of the European Commission's Group of Experts on the Banking 
Industry. He is a supervisory board member of Sovereign Bank and Santander Consumer USA. 
Dominika Bettman 
Dominika Bettman is a graduate of the Warsaw School of Economics and Advanced Management 
Programme IESE in Barcelona. She has worked for 25 years for Siemens in Poland and is currently the 
President of the Management Board of Siemens sp. z o.o. She is a member of the Responsible Business 
Forum, Polish Confederation Lewiatan, the council of Open Eyes Economy Summit and the president 
of the National Chamber of Commerce for Electronics and Communications. She is also a member of 
the Access Board at the Ministry of Investment and Economic Development and of the Council of the 
Warsaw University of Technology. 
Adam Celiński 
Adam Celiński is a graduate of Warsaw School of Economics and the Glasgow University. He has been 
a member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants since 1996, and in 2000, he became a

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Polish registered auditor. For nearly 30 years he worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers where he held 
various positions in Central and Eastern Europe and Asia. 
Danuta Dąbrowska 
Danuta Dąbrowska graduated from the University of Horticulture and Food Industry in Budapest. She 
is a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants. She has held a number of 
senior positions in finance, operations, liquidity and risk management, project finance, M&A 
transactions and other services (accounting and payroll outsourcing). Currently, she is a member of the 
supervisory board of Herkules S.A. 
José García Cantera 
José García Cantera holds an MBA degree from IE Business School. Before joining the Santander 
Group he held a number of senior positions in the financial industry, including senior executive 
positions at Salomon Brothers and Citigroup and CEO of Banesto. From 2021 to 2015 he was the Head 
of Global Banking and Markets of Santander Group. In 2015 he became the Senior Vice President and 
Chief Financial Officer of Banco Santander.  
Isabel Guerreiro 
Isabel Guerreiro is a graduate of Instituto Superior Técnico and holds an MBA from INSEAD. She has 
worked for Banco Santander Totta SA in Portugal since 2005 and held managerial positions in the retail 
banking segment. Since 2014 she has been responsible for the digital transformation of Banco Santander 
Totta SA and in January 2019 became its board member responsible for digital affairs. She has been a 
member of the Bank's Supervisory Board since September 2019. 
Kamila Marchewka-Bartkowiak 
Kamila Marchewka-Bartkowiak holds a Ph.D. in economics and is an associate professor at the Poznań 
University of Economics and expert at the Reseatch Bureau of the Polish Parliament. She has vas 
academic experience in finance and banking. She completed several foreign internships and was an 
advisor to the National Democratic Institute during its aid programme for the parliament of Kosovo. 
She is a member of the Committee on Financial Sciences of the Polish Academy of Sciences, the 
European Finance Association (EFA), the European Association for Evolutionary Political Economy 
(EAEPE) and the European Association of Environmental and Resource Economists (EAERE). 
Tomasz Sójka 
Tomasz Sójka is a lawyer admitted to the bar in Poland, law professor and lecturer at Adam Mickiewicz 
University in Poznań. He specialities in corporate and financial law and new technologies law. He is a 
graduate of Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań. He also completed scholarships at the Oxford 
University as well as at DePaul University in Chicago and TMC Asser Institute in the Hague. He has 
also run several research projects at Max Planck Institute in Hamburg. 
His scholarly output includes over 100 publications devoted to capital markets and corporate law. He 
participated in the legislative process of many acts related to economic law. For 15 years he was the 
managing partner of a law firm, where, he provided advisory services in the implementation of a number 
of transactions on the capital market, including mergers and acquisitions. 
Jerzy Surma 
Jerzy Surma graduated from the Wroclaw University of Technology and holds a Ph.D. in economics 
from the Wrocław University of Economics. He completed the IFP programme at IESE Business School

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
and an Executive Programme at MIT Sloan School of Management. Since 2008, he has been a member 
of the Supervisory Board and Audit Committee of Kęty Group. Currently, he is an Assistant Professor 
in the Faculty of Business Administration at the Warsaw School of Economics and the Head of 
Postgraduate Business Intelligence Studies. 
The business address of all of the Supervisory Board members is al. Jana Pawła II 17, 00-854 Warsaw, 
Poland. No Supervisory Board member has any actual or potential conflict of interest between his/her 
duties to the Bank and his/her private interests and other duties. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2023, the Group had 11,471 employees (full time equivalent) as compared to 11,309 
employees (full time equivalent) as 31 December 2022. In addition to salaries, the Group's employees 
are entitled to a range of benefits, including life, health and medical insurance, and bonuses relating to 
the achievement of individual objectives.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
MARKET AND LEGAL ENVIRONMENT 
Market 
The information presented in this section has been extracted from publicly available sources and 
documents. The source of external information is always given if such information is used in this section. 
While reviewing, searching for and processing macroeconomic, market, industry or other data from 
external sources such as the KNF or government publications, none of it has been independently 
verified by the Group or the Arranger or any of their affiliates or the Group's advisers in connection 
with the Programme. 
The Bank does not intend to and does not warrant to update the data concerning the market or the 
industry as presented in this section, subject to the duties resulting from generally binding regulations. 
The Polish Economy  
The condition of the Polish economy, after a weak 2023, started improving in 2024. Robust private 
consumption, supported by the good situation in the labour market, increasing wages and high consumer 
optimism, was the main factor contributing to the increasing growth of GDP. On the other hand, the 
level of investments decreased compared to 2023. The unemployment reached record lows of 
approximately 3 per cent.. The lay-offs in the manufacturing sector were compensated by increased 
employment in the services and public sectors. Inflation decreased from the peak level of 18.4 per cent. 
year-on-year in February 2023 to 4.3 per cent. year-on-year in August 2024. In terms of monetary 
policy, the main reference rate is 5.75 per cent. Although the volumes of new loans granted to 
individuals were high, demand for corporate loans was low. The amount of deposits increased by 
approximately 9 per cent. year-on-year. PLN strengthened against both EUR and USD. The majority of 
the WSE indices grew in the first half of 2024. 
Development of the Polish Banking Sector 
Between 1989 and 1991, a two-tiered banking sector was established, separating the central bank from 
the rest of the banking sector. Nine regional commercial banks were created out of the NBP's 
commercial and retail banking operations. The NBP branch network and the respective commercial 
loan portfolios of those branches were divided among the newly-established banks to give each new 
bank a regional base. All of these regional banks were transformed into joint stock companies in October 
1991 and were subsequently privatised between 1993 and 2001. Since 1991, Polish banking law has 
allowed the licensing of new private banks in Poland and opened the Polish banking market to foreign 
investors. As a result, there has been a rapid expansion in the number of banks owing to foreign banking 
groups entering the market. 
According to the KNF, as at 31 May 2024, there were 29 commercial banks in Poland, 33 branches of 
credit institutions and 491 relatively small co-operative banks. 
The level of competition in the Polish banking sector is relatively high due to its low level of 
concentration. According to KNF data as at 31 May 2024, the share of top five banks in total banking 
assets stood at 59.1 per cent. (compared with 58.5 per cent. as at the end of December 2023). 
Among the other factors having an impact on competition is the consolidation of the Polish banking 
sector. For example, in 2013, there was the merger of the Bank and Kredyt Bank S.A., the acquisition 
of Dexia Kommunalkredit Bank Polska S.A. by Getin Noble Bank S.A., and the acquisition of the retail 
operations of DnB Nord Polska S.A. by Getin Noble Bank S.A.; in 2014, the merger of Nordea Bank 
Polska S.A. with PKO Bank Polski S.A., the takeover of control of SCB by the Bank; and, in 2015, the 
merger of Bank BGŻ S.A. with BNP Paribas S.A. and the acquisition of Meritum Bank ICB S.A. by 
Alior Bank S.A.; in 2016, the merger of Bank BGŻ BNP Paribas S.A. with Sygma Bank Polska S.A.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
and the merger of Alior Bank S.A. with the core business of BPH. In December 2017, DB AG sold its 
Polish retail operations to the Bank. On 10 April 2018, Raiffeisen Bank International AG agreed to sell 
the core banking operations of Raiffeisen Bank Polska S.A. by way of demerger to Bank BGŻ BNP 
Paribas S.A. In 2019, Bank Millennium S.A. acquired Euro Bank S.A. In April 2021 Citi announced its 
intention to sell its retail banking operations in Poland. In October 2022, the BGF commenced 
resolution procedure concerning Getin Noble Bank S.A. The operations of Getin Noble Bank S.A. were 
transferred to a new bank, VeloBank S.A. In 2024, Cerberus, a private equity fund, together with 
International Finance Corporation and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, acquired 
VeloBank S.A. 
The Polish banking sector is expected to continue to experience consolidation in the medium term. A 
number of smaller market players generate relatively low revenues, which will be subject to rising 
pressure. This may force further consolidation if profitability is eroded. Given the pressure on the 
revenue side (low interest rates, regulatory measures) and additional burdens (Polish banking tax, higher 
capital requirements), some banks will strive to increase their scale of operations to achieve a 
satisfactory return on equity. 
According to the KNF, as at 31 May 2024 41.7 per cent. of the total assets of the Polish banking sector 
belonged to foreign-owned banking groups, compared with 43.6 per cent. at the end of 2022. 
Alternative distribution channels, in particular internet banking and mobile banking, have been 
increasing in importance in Poland. Moreover, new products, such as markets for financial advisory 
services, wealth management, insurance products and various investment funds in Poland, have seen 
significant growth and are likely to be a significant driver for profitability in the future. 
Legal environment 
Specific Requirement for the Banks 
Engaging in banking activities involves meeting multiple regulatory obligations, most of which follow 
directly from the provisions of the Banking Law, and from resolutions, ordinances and 
recommendations made by the KNF. The most important obligations concern the Bank's own funds, 
the capital adequacy ratio, the solvency ratio, exposure concentration, risk management systems and 
financial management conducted by the Bank. 
Banks have a duty to protect banking secrecy. Regulations on personal data protection are particularly 
important for the functioning of banks in order to protect individual customers. Personal data may be 
processed exclusively in compliance with detailed regulations, using technical and organisational 
resources which ensure the protection of personal data against unauthorised processing, including the 
making of it available to third parties. 
The Bank must also comply with regulations for preventing the financial system from being used for 
the purpose of money laundering and terrorist financing. 
Certain restrictions also apply if banks retain any third parties for the performance of banking activities 
for and on behalf of the bank, or for the performance of any banking-related operations. 
Banking Supervision Exercised by the KNF 
In Poland, banking supervision is currently exercised by the KNF and covers in particular: 
• 
assessing the financial position of banks, including analysing liquidity, the quality of assets, 
solvency and the financial results of banks;

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
• 
estimating, maintaining and reviewing internal capital; 
• 
auditing the quality of risk management systems, and in particular of the risk management 
system and internal control system; 
• 
auditing the compliance of banks' activities with the appropriate regulations; and 
• 
monitoring and controlling banks' compliance with exposure concentration limits and standards 
for risk acceptable in their operations as determined by the KNF. 
The KNF has wide powers and legal instruments which enable it to supervise banks (including the 
ability to carry out inspections). 
Other Supervisory Authorities 
Some areas of banking operations are subject to the supervision of other public administration 
authorities, the most important of which are: 
• 
the OCCP, regarding protecting market competition and consumers' collective rights; 
• 
the Head of the Data Protection Office, regarding collecting, processing, managing and 
protecting personal data; and 
• 
the minister responsible for financial institutions and the General Inspector for Financial 
Information regarding the prevention of money laundering and the financing of terrorism. 
Bank Guarantee Fund 
The BGF covers the monetary assets deposited in bank accounts or receivables regarding claims 
confirmed by documents issued by banks with a guarantee system. Participation in the guarantee system 
is mandatory for all Polish banks and in certain instances for branches of foreign banks operating in 
Poland. Banks covered by the guarantee system make mandatory annual payments to the BGF and are 
obliged to set up a guaranteed funds protection fund. The mandatory guarantee system ensures that if a 
bank becomes insolvent, the funds deposited in bank accounts, up to an amount specified in the 
regulations, are returned. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, funds up to an amount equivalent to 
EUR 100,000 per single person regarding deposits in all accounts in a given bank are fully covered by 
the guarantee system. Funds deposited, in particular, by government administration authorities, other 
banks, credit institutions, insurance companies and investment and pension funds are not covered by 
the guarantee system. 
Additionally, the BGF is the Polish resolution authority. Under the BRRD and the Act on the Bank 
Guarantee Fund, the BGF is authorised to commence resolution proceedings with respect to banks 
operating in Poland. The BGF has at its disposal a wide range of legal instruments during resolution 
proceedings, including the power to write down debt instruments issued by a bank or to convert them 
into shares of the bank. 
Institutional Protection Scheme for Commercial Banks 
On 10 June 2022, the KNF approved the agreement and recognised the institutional protection scheme 
created in accordance with Article 130c of the Banking Law by eight Polish commercial banks (the 
Bank, Alior Bank S.A., BNP Paribas Bank Polska S.A., ING Bank Śląski S.A., mBank S.A., 
Powszechna Kasa Oszczędności Bank Polski S.A., Bank Polska Kasa Opieki S.A. and Bank 
Millennium S.A.). The above-mentioned banks signed the protection scheme agreement and established 
a managing entity operating in the form of a joint stock company, System Ochrony Banków

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Komercyjnych S.A. (SOBK). The protection scheme can be joined by other local banks provided they 
satisfy the terms and conditions set out in general law and in the protection scheme agreement. As part 
of the system, an aid fund has been established to which the participating banks provided cash 
contributions. Further contributions to the aid fund will require a unanimous resolution of the general 
meeting of shareholders of the SOBK. The aid fund may be used to ensure the liquidity and solvency 
of the participants of the scheme, support resolution of a bank conducted by the BGF and the takeover 
of a bank being a joint-stock company pursuant to Art. 146b paragraph 1 of the Banking Law. On 30 
September 2022 the SOBK provided financial support for the resolution process concerning Getin 
Noble Bank S.A. 
Consumer Protection 
The Consumer Credit Act dated 12 May 2011 (as amended), the Civil Code regulations and other 
consumer protection laws impose on banks several obligations relating to agreements signed with 
natural persons who perform actions which are not directly related to their business or professional 
activities (consumers). The most important of these are the requirements to inform consumers about the 
cost of extended credit and loans and to include specified terms in consumer loan agreements as well 
as a prohibition on including specific clauses which are unfavourable to consumers in agreements. If a 
customer loan agreement does not meet certain requirements of the Consumer Credit Act, the borrower 
is authorised under the law to repay the loan in the principal amount with interest accrued until the 
prepayment date. In some circumstances, the borrower may be authorised to repay only the principal 
amount, without interest, fees or any other amounts due to the bank under the loan agreement. 
There is a cap on the maximum interest rates which a bank may charge under a loan agreement. The 
maximum interest rate is capped at two times the sum of the applicable reference rate of the NBP and 
3.5 per cent. 
Personal Data Protection 
In light of the large number of individuals serviced by banks, all the regulations concerning personal 
data protection are of particular importance to banking operations. Personal data may be processed 
exclusively in compliance with specific regulations, while applying technical and organisational means 
that ensure the protection of personal data, particularly from disclosure to any unauthorised parties. 
Additionally, the persons to whom such data relates should have the right to access all of their personal 
data and to correct it. 
The Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the GDPR) entered into force on 25 May 2018. It imposes new 
obligations and guidelines on companies in the management and processing of personal data. This 
means a significant change for companies in their approach to the security of data storage and the issue 
of making it available to the relevant employees. 
The key consequences resulting from the GDPR's implementation are as follows: 
• 
the definition of personal data, including identifying the person to whom the data relates, will 
be much broader; 
• 
automated processing of personal data will be permitted under certain conditions; 
• 
the legal rights of individuals will be increased considerably; 
• 
personal data processors, controllers and data protection officers will have many new 
obligations relating to the technical and organisational protection of personal data; and

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
• 
administrative fines for non-compliance with the Regulation could reach EUR 20 million or 4 
per cent. of an organisation's annual worldwide turnover. Moreover, individuals will have the 
right to judicial redress and to claim compensation in excess of the statutory fines.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) will initially be in the form of either a temporary 
global note in bearer form (the Temporary Global Note), without interest coupons, or a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the Permanent Global Note), without interest coupons, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent 
Global Note (each a Global Note) which is not intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator 
of the Euroclear System (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN 
form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the "Standards 
for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system 
for the euro (the Eurosystem), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the 
ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as 
collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
Each Final Terms for Notes in NGN form will indicate whether such Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. The designation "yes" means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited with Euroclear or Clearstream. Luxembourg as common safekeeper 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. If the designation is specified as "no" at the Issue Date, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. In all cases, such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met. In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also 
specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. 
Treasury Regulation section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the TEFRA C Rules) or United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, without limitation, 
regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in 
connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the TEFRA D Rules) 
are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, 
that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without 
interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or 
refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase 
in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Issue and Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Issue and Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, 
however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent 
Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has 
requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary 
Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling 
due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request 
of the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form (Definitive Notes): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs (where 
applicable). 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the 
Issue and Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary 
Global Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in 
accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent 
Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling 
due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the 
terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on the date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have 
no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
The exchange upon notice/at any time options should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: "€100,000 and 
integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and including €199,000". Furthermore, such 
Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to 
be represented on issue by a Permanent Bearer Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will 
initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, 
for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot 
be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Issue and 
Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary 
Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling 
due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the 
terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which 
will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs (where 
applicable). 
If the Specified Denomination of the Notes stated in the final terms includes language substantially to 
the following effect: "[EUR 100,000] and integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [EUR 199,000]", the Notes cannot be represented on issue by a Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
The exchange upon notice/at any time options should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: "€100,000 and 
integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and including €199,000". Furthermore, such 
Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to 
be represented on issue by a Permanent Bearer Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and - if at the time of exchange into definitive form more than 27 coupon payments are left - 
Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Issue and 
Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent 
Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling 
due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the 
terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on such due date ((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others 
may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary 
Global Note or a Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer 
all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global 
Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will 
consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Summary of provisions relating to the Notes while in global form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend 
to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code."

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered 
form (Individual Note Certificates) or a global Note in registered form (a Global Registered Note), 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed 
the new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed 
in cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the New 
Safekeeping Structure or NSS) would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU 
securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the 
Eurosystem), subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements. The press 
release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global 
registered form held issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 
will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant 
Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary and 
will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue 
date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be 
exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable 
for Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note 
which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs (where 
applicable). 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer 
shall procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on 
behalf of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
required to complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the 
names and addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered 
and the principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered 
Note at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall 
be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in 
respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection 
with such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due 
and payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final 
redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of 
principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the 
Global Registered Note in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note on the due 
date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder of the Global Registered Note 
will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global 
Registered Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
The exchange upon notice/at any time options should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: "€100,000 and 
integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and including €199,000". Furthermore, such 
Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to 
be represented on issue by a Permanent Bearer Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global 
Registered Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been 
entitled if, immediately before the Global Registered Note became void, they had been the holders of 
Individual Note Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes 
they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that 
Individual Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those 
terms and conditions.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Summary of provisions relating to the Notes while in global form" below.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, 
will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any 
Tranche of Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the 
relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to 
this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any 
Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Summary of provisions relating to the Notes while in global form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1 
Programme: Santander Bank Polska S.A. (the Issuer) has established a Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme (the Programme) for the issuance of up to EUR 5,000,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of notes (the Notes). 
1.2 
Series: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a Series) and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a Tranche) of Notes. 
1.3 
Final Terms: The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these 
terms and conditions (the Conditions), as completed by a document specific to such Tranche 
called final terms (the Final Terms) or as supplemented, amended and/or replaced in a separate 
prospectus specific to such Tranche (the Drawdown Prospectus). In the event of any 
inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, 
the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus shall prevail. In the case of a Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in these Conditions to 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed 
as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin, the relevant Final Terms will be published on the website of Irish Stock Exchange plc 
trading as Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
1.4 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issuing and paying 
agency agreement dated 13 September 2024 (the Agency Agreement) between the Issuer, The 
Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as issue and principal paying agent (the Issue and 
Principal Paying Agent, which expression includes any successor issue and principal paying 
agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the Registrar, which expression includes 
any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), the paying 
agents named therein (together with the Issue and Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, 
which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein (together with the 
Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression includes any successor or additional transfer 
agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). In these Conditions 
references to the Agents are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents and any reference 
to an Agent is to any one of them. 
1.5 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes may be issued in bearer form (Bearer Notes), or in registered 
form (Registered Notes). Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 13 
September 2024 (the Deed of Covenant) entered into by the Issuer.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
1.6 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are 
the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for 
viewing during normal business hours at the specified office of the Issue and Principal Paying 
Agent. 
1.7 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement, 
the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. Noteholders and the holders 
of the related interest coupons, if any, (the Couponholders and the Coupons, respectively) are 
bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and 
the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant are (i) available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the 
Specified Offices of each of the Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below 
or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to the 
Paying Agents and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the 
relevant Paying Agent). 
2. 
Interpretation 
2.1 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Accrual Yield has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Act on Bank Guarantee Fund means the Act of 10 June 2016 on the Bank Guarantee Fund, 
the Deposit Guarantee Scheme and the Compulsory Restructuring (as amended); 
Additional Business Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
Additional Financial Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
Amounts Due means the principal amount of, or outstanding amount due under, the Notes, 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due on the Notes. References to such amount will 
include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the 
exercise of the Bail-in Tool by the Resolution Authority; 
Bail-in Tool means the mechanism for effecting the exercise by the Resolution Authority of 
any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, moratorium, suspension or 
similar resolution related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance 
with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit institutions, 
investment firms and/or group entities in effect and applicable in Poland or any other relevant 
jurisdiction, including but not limited to any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that 
are implemented, adopted or enacted on the basis of the BRRD and/or the Act on Bank 
Guarantee Fund, in particular under Art. 70 of the Act on Bank Guarantee Fund; 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms as the same may be amended 
or replaced from time to time, including without limitation as amended by the Creditor 
Hierarchy Directive and by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 20 May 2019 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing 
and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms;

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Business Day means (other than in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified 
as SOFR in the relevant Final Term): 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the 
principal financial centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; 
Business Day Convention, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have 
the following meanings: 
(i) 
Following Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day 
Convention means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case 
that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day save in respect of Notes 
for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final Interest Payment Date will 
not be postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue during the period from 
and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date; 
(iii) 
Preceding Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
and 
(v) 
No Adjustment means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Calculation Agent means the Issue and Principal Paying Agent or such other Person specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Coupon Sheet means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
CRD means, as the context requires, any, or any combination, of the CRD IV Directive, the 
CRR, and any CRD IV Implementing Measures; 
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time, or such 
other directive as may come into effect in place thereof; 
CRD IV Implementing Measures means regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction 
with any other rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to be fulfilled by 
financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-
consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD IV Directive or the CRR, 
including for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation any regulatory technical standards 
released from time to time by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement 
thereof); 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the 
ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any equivalent legislation 
that supersedes or replaces it; 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended from time to time, or such other regulation as may come into effect in place thereof, 
including without limitation as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 to the extent applicable; 
DA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Determination 
Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the 
Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency 
as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the Calculation Period), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is so specified, means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
(I) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(II) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(ii) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in 
a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/360 is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if 30/360 is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥(𝑌2− 𝑌1)] +[30𝑥(𝑀2− 𝑀1)] + (𝐷2− 𝐷1) 
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥(𝑌2− 𝑌1)] +[30𝑥(𝑀2− 𝑀1)] + (𝐷2− 𝐷1) 
360

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥(𝑌2− 𝑌1)] +[30𝑥(𝑀2− 𝑀1)] + (𝐷2− 𝐷1) 
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation 
Period is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but 
excluding the last day of the Calculation Period; 
Determination Agent means an independent adviser, investment bank or financial institution 
of international standing selected by the Issuer after consultation with the relevant Dealer(s);

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Early Termination Amount means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
EURIBOR means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person 
which takes over the administration of that rate); 
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
First Interest Payment Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Fixed Coupon Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Gross Redemption Yield means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set 
out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating 
Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; 
Double-dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon 
Date" (published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as 
further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time) or, if such formula does 
not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption 
yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as 
determined by the Determination Agent; 
Group means the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
Guarantee means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such 
Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such 
Indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness. 
Indebtedness means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(ii) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility;

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, 
in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be 
treated as finance or capital leases; 
(iv) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(v) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward 
sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
Interest Amount means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Determination Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Payment Date means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final 
Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur 
in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
Interest Period means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment 
Date; 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms)) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
Issue Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Make Whole Redemption Price has the meaning given in Condition 9.5 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Material Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Issuer: (a) whose gross profits (consolidated 
in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or whose total assets (consolidated in 
the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) represent not less than 10 per cent. of the 
consolidated gross profits of the Issuer, or, as the case may be, consolidated total assets, of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to the 
then latest audited accounts (consolidated, or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of the

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
or (b) to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets 
of a Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately before the transfer is a Material Subsidiary of 
the Issuer, all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement. A certificate by the 
Management Board of the Issuer confirming that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Issuer is 
or is not or was or was not at any particular time a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer 
accompanied by a report of the Auditors addressed to the Issuer (as to proper extraction of the 
figures used by the Management Board of the Issuer in determining the Material Subsidiaries 
of the Issuer and mathematical accuracy of the calculation) shall, in the absence of manifest 
error, be conclusive and binding on all parties; 
Maturity Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Maximum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Minimum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount has the meaning given in Condition 9.5 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
Noteholder, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3.2 (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, 
has the meaning given in Condition 3.4 (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to 
Registered Notes); 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Participating Member State means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
Payment Business Day means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre; or

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the principal financial centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
Permitted Security Interest means a Security Interest on the undertaking or assets of any 
Person existing at the time such Person is acquired by, and becomes a Subsidiary of, the Issuer, 
provided that such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and 
the principal amount secured has not been increased in contemplation of or since such 
acquisition; 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
Put Option Notice means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
Put Option Receipt means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to 
redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
Quotation Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
Redemption Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Sterling Make Whole 
Redemption Amount, the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature 
of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Redemption Margin shall be the percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Bond has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to 
the extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on 
the relevant Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after 
excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) 
if fewer than five such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the 
arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to 
the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for 
such Reference Date; 
Reference Date has the meaning given in the relevant notice of redemption; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or 
their affiliates, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in 
each case as a percentage of its principal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date 
quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
Reference Price has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Rate means EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or WIBOR as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms. Other than 
in the case of U.S. dollar-denominated Floating Rate Notes, the term Reference Rate shall, 
following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 7.8 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation), include any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark 
Event should occur subsequently in respect of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
also include any further Successor Rate or further Alternative Rate; 
Regular Period means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where Regular Date 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where Regular Date means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of 
the irregular Interest Period. 
Regulator means the Polish Financial Supervision Authority (in Polish: Komisja Nadzoru 
Finansowego) or such other or successor governmental authority exercising primary bank 
supervisory authority from time to time, in each case with respect to prudential matters in 
relation to the Issuer and/or the Group; 
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been 
received in the principal financial centre of the currency of payment by the Issue and Principal

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so 
received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
Relevant Financial Centre has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Relevant Indebtedness means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any 
bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or 
is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market 
(including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market); 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant 
Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information 
service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or 
prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
Relevant Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reserved Matter means any proposal: 
(i) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to 
reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes 
or to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes 
on redemption or maturity or the date for any such payment; 
(ii) 
to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes 
into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person 
or body corporate formed or to be formed; 
(iii) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable; 
(iv) 
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(v) 
to amend this definition; 
Resolution Authority means the Bank Guarantee Fund (in Polish: Bankowy Fundusz 
Gwarancyjny) and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of 
any Bail-in Tool from time to time; 
Security Interest means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any 
jurisdiction; 
SONIA means the Sterling Overnight Index Average; 
Specified Currency has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Specified Office has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
Specified Period has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount has the meaning given in Condition 9.5 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
Subsidiary means, in relation to any Person (the first Person) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the second Person): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether 
by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of 
the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
Talon means a talon for further Coupons; 
T2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System or any successor or replacement for that system;  
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro; 
Treaty means the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
WIBOR means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Warsaw interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by 
a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from 
time to time of GPW Benchmark S.A. (or any other person which takes over the administration 
of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies 
and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor 
banks (details of historic WIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); and 
Zero Coupon Note means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
2.2 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(a) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(b) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(c) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at 
the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(d) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(e) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions;

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
(f) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement; 
(g) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable 
to the Notes;  
(h) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the 
Notes; and  
(i) 
any reference to any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or other 
subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a 
reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, 
amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
3.1 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series 
of Bearer Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified 
Denomination will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3.2 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case 
of Bearer Notes, Holder means the holder of such Bearer Note and Noteholder and 
Couponholder shall be construed accordingly. 
3.3 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include 
a minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of 
a smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
3.4 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a Note Certificate) will be issued to 
each Holder of Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will 
be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the 
case of Registered Notes, Holder means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for 
the time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named 
thereof) and Noteholder shall be construed accordingly. 
3.5 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of 
transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so 
treating such Holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any 
Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
3.6 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs 3.9 (Closed periods) and 3.10 
(Regulations concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be 
transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer 
duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with 
such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably 
require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have executed

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless 
the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes 
held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes 
not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented 
by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in 
respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
3.7 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a 
Note Certificate in accordance with paragraph 3.6 (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the 
Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like 
principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified 
Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and 
risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the 
address specified for the purpose by such relevant Holder. In this paragraph, business day 
means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer 
Agent has its Specified Office. 
3.8 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar 
or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of 
whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
3.9 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 
days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered 
Notes. 
3.10 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries 
on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered 
Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with 
the prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed 
(free of charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such 
regulations. 
3.11 
Denominations: Senior Non Preferred Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will be issued in 
denominations equivalent to at least PLN 400,000 or its equivalent in any other currency as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, but not less than EUR 100,000 or its equivalent 
in any other currency as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance 
with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
4. 
Status 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
Status of Senior Notes 
4.1 
The payment obligations of the Issuer on account of principal under Notes which specify their 
status as Senior Notes (Senior Notes) in the relevant Final Terms constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 5 (Covenants)) unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory 
provision of law, upon the insolvency of the Issuer as set out in the Polish Act dated 28 February 
2003 Insolvency Law (the Insolvency Law), such payment obligations shall fall into

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
subcategory four of category three of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 
2 of the Insolvency Law and shall rank: 
(a) 
junior to any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories one and two and 
subcategories one to three of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 
2 of the Insolvency Law; 
(b) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other liabilities of the Issuer falling into 
subcategory four of category three of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 
section 2 of the Insolvency Law; and 
(c) 
senior to any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories from four to ten of the 
Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law. 
4.2 
The payment obligations in respect of interest on Senior Notes upon the insolvency of the Issuer 
shall fall into subcategory one of category four of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 
440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law and shall rank: 
(a) 
junior to any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories from one to three category 
of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law; 
(b) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other liabilities of the Issuer falling into 
subcategory one of category four of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 
section 2 of the Insolvency Law; and 
(c) 
senior to any liabilities of the Issuer falling into subcategory two of category four and 
categories from five to ten of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 
2 of the Insolvency Law. 
Status of Senior Non Preferred Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Notes which specify their status as Senior Non 
Preferred Notes (Senior Non Preferred Notes) in the relevant Final Terms constitute direct, 
unconditional, subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and, upon the insolvency 
of the Issuer such payment obligations shall fall into category six of the Issuer's liabilities in 
accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law and shall rank: 
(a) 
junior to any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories from one to five of the 
Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law; 
(b) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other liabilities of the Issuer falling into 
category six of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the 
Insolvency Law; and 
(c) 
senior to any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories from seven to ten of the 
Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law. 
Status of Senior Subordinated Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Notes which specify their status as Senior 
Subordinated Notes (Senior Subordinated Notes) in the relevant Final Terms constitute direct, 
unconditional, subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and, upon the insolvency

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
of the Issuer such payment obligations shall fall into category seven of the Issuer's liabilities in 
accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law and shall rank: 
(a) 
junior to any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories from one to six of the Issuer's 
liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law; 
(b) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other liabilities of the Issuer falling into 
category seven of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the 
Insolvency Law; and 
(c) 
senior to any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories from eight to ten of the 
Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law. 
Status of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Notes which specify their status as Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes (Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) in the relevant Final Terms constitute direct, 
unconditional, subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and, upon the insolvency 
of the Issuer such payment obligations shall fall into category eight of the Issuer's liabilities in 
accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law and shall rank: 
(a) 
junior to any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories from one to seven of the 
Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law; 
(b) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other liabilities of the Issuer falling into 
category eight of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the 
Insolvency Law; and 
(c) 
senior to any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories nine and ten of the Issuer's 
liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law. 
MREL 
(a) 
To the extent allowed by the Applicable Banking Regulations, the Senior Notes, Senior 
Non Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may 
be issued by the Issuer to satisfy MREL. 
(b) 
The rights of holders of the Senior Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes shall be subject to any present or 
future Polish laws or regulations relating to the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms in the Republic of Poland which are or will be 
applicable to such Notes as a result of the operation of such laws or regulations, 
including, without limitation, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in 
the Republic of Poland, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD and (ii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created under the BRRD. In particular, in the event of 
the resolution of the Issuer, the Resolution Authority may write-down or convert the 
Notes that are issued for the satisfaction of MREL ahead of the Notes that are not issued 
for the satisfaction of MREL. 
5. 
Covenants 
Negative Pledge: This Condition 5 is applicable only in relation to Senior Notes. So long as 
any Senior Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer shall 
not create or permit to subsist any Security Interest other than a Permitted Security Interest

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including 
uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness 
without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith 
or (b) providing such other security for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of Noteholders provided that the above provisions shall not apply to any Security 
Interest on or with respect to the assets, receivables, remittances or other payment rights of the 
Issuer which is created pursuant to any securitisation or like arrangement in accordance with 
normal market practice and whereby the principal amount of the Relevant Indebtedness secured 
by such Security Interest is substantially limited to an amount equal to the proceeds received 
by the Issuer in exchange for the sale, assignment, pledge or other transfer of such assets, 
receivables, remittances or other payment rights. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
6.1 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
6.2 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate 
of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
10 (Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments - Registered Notes) as applicable. 
Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on 
which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Issue and Principal Paying 
Agent has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day and notice to 
that effect has been given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) (except to 
the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
6.3 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
6.4 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to 
the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose 
a sub-unit means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent. 
6.5 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition 6.5 shall apply 
to Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Final Terms for such Notes specify that 
the Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified therein. The relevant amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any Interest Period for such Notes shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). The Calculation Agent shall cause the 
relevant amount of interest and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer,

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
the Paying Agents, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the 
rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination 
or calculation but in no event later than the fourth Business day thereafter or, if earlier in the 
case of notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the rules of the relevant stock 
exchange. 
6.6 
Reset Fixed Rate Notes 
(a) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates: Notes in relation to which this Condition 
6.6 applies and the relevant Final Terms specify as being applicable shall bear interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) their Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second 
Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of 
Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum 
equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
the relevant Rate of Interest being payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined subject to Condition 7.8 (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
(b) 
Fallbacks: If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not 
available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date 
in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic 
mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be the sum of the relevant Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotation (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. 
(0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) and the First or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be (i) the rate 
determined on the previous Reset Determination Date (if any) or (ii) if there is no such

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
previous Reset Determination Date, the Initial Rate of Interest, in each case, 
substituting, where a different margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
First Margin means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
First Reset Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as adjusted (if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) as if the relevant Reset Date was an Interest Payment 
Date; 
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
First Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 6.6(b), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin; 
Initial Rate of Interest has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Mid-Market Swap Rate means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Duration specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments 
in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal 
to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments 
in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is 
euro; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
6.6(b), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps 
in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
or such replacement page on that service which displays the information; or

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)), of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Reference Banks means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely 
connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an 
investment bank of international repute; 
Reset Business Day means a day on which commercial banks are open for business and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in any Reset Business Centre specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date 
(as applicable); 
Reset Determination Date means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Reset 
Business Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the 
second Reset Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent 
Reset Period thereafter, the second Reset Business Day prior to the first day of each such 
Subsequent Reset Period; 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Second Reset Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as adjusted (if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) as if the relevant Reset Date was an Interest Payment 
Date; 
Subsequent Margin means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Date means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
adjusted (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) as if the relevant Reset Date was an 
Interest Payment Date; 
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset 
Date; and 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 6.6(b), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Margin.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
7.1 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
7.2 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate 
of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
10 (Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments - Registered Notes). Each Note will 
cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) 
until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to 
that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven 
days after the Issue and Principal Paying Agent has received all sums due in respect of the 
Notes up to such seventh day and notice to that effect has been given to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
7.3 
Screen Rate Determination. If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Reference Rate is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which 
SONIA and/or SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) 
determined, subject to Condition 7.8 (Benchmark Discontinuation), by the Calculation Agent 
on the following basis: 
(a) 
if only one Reference Rate appears and the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or 
customarily supplied by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference 
Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(b) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, where: 
(i) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; provided, however, that if no rate is available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer determines 
appropriate; 
(c) 
in any other case and where more than one Reference Rate appears, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date;

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
(d) 
if, in the case of (a) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (c) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the 
sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so 
determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine 
a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case 
may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a 
preceding Interest Period. 
7.4 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
7.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The 
Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to 
the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding 
the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a sub-
unit means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. 
7.6 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) 
by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent 
will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent 
shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the 
Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum 
Specified Denomination. 
7.7 
Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability 
to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
7.8 
Benchmark Discontinuation: In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing provisions in this 
Condition 7, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to a Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions of this Condition 7.8 shall apply:

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
(a) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
an Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination 
Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the IA Determination Cut-off 
Date) a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate for purposes of determining the Interest Rate (or the relevant 
component part thereof) applicable to the Notes; 
(b) 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 7.8 shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, and (in the absence of fraud) shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 7.8. 
(c) 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, or (if the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser) the Issuer, in each case acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 7.8(d)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 7.8); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7.8(d)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 7.8 in the event 
of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate), provided, 
however, that if the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 7.8 five Business Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate applicable 
to the immediate following Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate 
applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not 
been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference 
Rate applicable to the first Interest Period (though substituting, where a 
different Margin and/or Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin and/or 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin and/or Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period). For the avoidance of doubt, the proviso in this 
Condition 7.8(c) shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period only. 
Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 7.8. 
(d) 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, or (if the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser) the Issuer, in each case acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of 
a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). If the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, or (if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser) the 
Issuer, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is 
unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will 
apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(e) 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7.8 and the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, or (if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser) the 
Issuer, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines that (i) amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 7.8(f), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 7.8(e), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7.8, no Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment 
to the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark 
Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 capital or the relevant Series of Senior Non Preferred 
Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7.8, in the case of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes only, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to 
this Condition 7.8, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to result in the Regulator treating an Interest Payment 
Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(f) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7.8 will be notified 
within five Business Days by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, and, in accordance 
with Condition 21 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) will, in the absence of manifest error in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent and the Noteholders.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
This Condition 7.8 shall not apply to notes for which the Reference Rate is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR" in respect of which the provisions of 
Condition 7B (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR) and benchmark 
discontinuation provisions of Condition 7B7.4 will apply. 
As used in these Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), in each case acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been 
made or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser 
(in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is 
recognized or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in 
international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(C) 
if no such customary market usage is recognized or acknowledged, the 
Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer in its 
discretion (as applicable), determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate, 
in each case, in order to put the Issuer and the Holders in substantially the same 
economic position as prior to the occurrence of the Benchmark Event and the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 7.8. 
Alternative Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest in respect of bonds denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable 
duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant 
Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.8(e). 
Benchmark Event means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; 
or

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed 
that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so 
by a specified future date (the Specified Future Date); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future 
date (the Specified Future Date), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future 
date (the Specified Future Date) be prohibited from being used or that its use 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in 
respect of the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such 
Reference Rate is or will, by a specified future date (the Specified Future 
Date), be no longer representative of its an underlying market; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference 
Rate (including without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation, if 
applicable), 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D), or (E) above and the Specified 
Future Date in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public 
statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six 
months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under this Condition 7.8. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any such similar 
institution for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any other central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by, or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any such similar institution for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate (and related 
alternative screen page or source if available) which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
7A. Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
7.1 
This Condition 7A is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the "Reference Rate" is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA". 
7.2 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
7.3 
For the purposes of this Condition 7A: 
Compounded Daily SONIA, means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA) as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏
(1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 
365
𝑑 
d means, for any Observation Period the number of calendar days in such Observation Period; 
do means, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in such 
Observation Period; 
i means, for any Observation Period a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in such Observation Period; 
Interest Determination Date means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling p 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due 
and payable). 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
ni for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Observation Period the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day; 
p for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending 
on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
SONIA Reference Rate means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published 
by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such 
London Banking Day; and 
SONIAi means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the SONIA Reference Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only 
compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA 
Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying 
the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
7.4 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page 
or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 7.8 (Benchmark Discontinuation), be: 
(a) 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of business 
on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which 
a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there 
is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the 
Bank Rate; or 
(b) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). 
7.5 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 7A, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period).

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
7.6 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 13 (Events of Default), the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding the definition specified above, be 
deemed to be the date on which the Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on 
the Notes shall, for so long as the Notes remain outstanding, be the rate determined on such 
date 
7B. Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
7.1 
This Condition 7B is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the "Reference Rate" is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
7.2 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
In no event will the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period be less than the Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
7.3 
For the purposes of this Condition 7B: 
Benchmark means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily SOFR, as 
determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and other 
provisions set out in this Condition 7B (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in determining 
Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth 
herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately 
precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
Observation Period will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and including such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in 
the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions 
under Condition 7B(d) below will apply. 
Interest Period means each period from, and including, an Interest Payment Date (or, in the 
case of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the next 
Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or, if the 
Issuer elects to redeem the Notes on any earlier redemption date, the relevant redemption date); 
Interest Payment Determination Dates means the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days before each Interest Payment Date where "p" has the value ascribed 
to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities; 
Business Day means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is 
not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation 
to be closed; 
Observation Period in respect of each Interest Period means the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date in such 
Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
SOFR with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the SOFR Determination Time); or 
(ii) 
if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website; 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
SOFR Administrator's Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
or any successor source; and 
Compounded SOFR with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
[∏
(1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 
360
𝑑 
where: 
do, for any Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
SOFRi, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Observation 
Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day "i"; 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, is 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (i+1); and 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
7.4 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this section, 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking 
any action or any selection: 
(a) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(b) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(c) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Benchmark means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided that 
if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR 
(or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, 
then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate 
to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for 
use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is 
reasonably necessary); 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the 
later of (A) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (B) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date 
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time 
for such determination; 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for 
the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time 
to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time 
to time; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions 
to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the 
Benchmark; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark 
is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
7.5 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this Condition 7B will 
be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 21 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Issue and Principal Paying Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Issue and Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of 
this Condition 7B; and 
(b) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
8.1 
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only 
if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
8.2 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any 
Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter 
be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the Reference Price; and 
(b) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue 
Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Issue and Principal Paying 
Agent has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 
(Notices) (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
9.1 
Scheduled redemption: 
(a) 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed 
at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments - Registered 
Notes). 
(b) 
Senior Non Preferred Notes will have an initial maturity of not less than one year or as 
otherwise permitted in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the 
relevant time. 
(c) 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have an initial maturity of not less than five years or as 
otherwise permitted in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the 
relevant time. 
9.2 
Redemption for tax reasons: Subject to Condition 9.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(a) 
at any time (unless the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes), the Issue and Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 21 
(Notices) Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with 
interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(i) 
in the case of any Notes which are Senior Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Senior 
Subordinated Notes as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Republic of Poland or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after an agreement 
is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation); and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 
subordinated Notes, the Issuer is no longer entitled to claim a deduction in respect of 
any payments in computing its taxation liabilities or the value of such deduction to the 
Issuer would be materially reduced or the applicable tax treatment of the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes changes, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(A) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes 
were then due; or 
(B) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days (or such 
other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the Interest 
Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were 
then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Noteholders and the Issue and Principal Paying Agent: (A) a certificate signed by 
two members of the Management Board of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to 
the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred; (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers 
of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment; and (C) in the case of the Senior 
Notes or the Senior Subordinated Notes eligible to comply with the Applicable MREL 
Regulations or the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, if required under Applicable Banking 
Regulations, confirmation of the Regulator's and/or Relevant Resolution Authority's consent to 
the redemption. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9.2, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9.2. 
9.3 
Early Redemption due to Capital Disqualification Event: If, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes only, a Capital Disqualification Event occurs as a result of a change (or any pending 
change which the Regulator considers sufficiently certain) in Polish law, the law of any other

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
relevant jurisdiction or Applicable Banking Regulations becoming effective on or after the 
Issue Date, the Issuer may, at its option and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 
calendar days' notice to the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes); the Issue and Principal 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices), the Noteholders of the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), elect to redeem in accordance with these Conditions all, but not some only, of the 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 9.3 will be redeemed at their 
early redemption amount (the Early Redemption Amount (Capital Disqualification Event)) 
(which shall be their principal amount or a such other Early Redemption Amount (Capital 
Disqualification Event) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons pursuant to this Condition 9.3 
is subject to the prior consent of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and 
as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations and may only take place in 
accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Applicable Banking Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency then applicable 
to the Issuer and/or the Group including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, 
CRD, the BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital 
adequacy, resolution and/or solvency then in effect of the Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, in each case to the extent then in effect in Poland or any other relevant 
jurisdiction (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and 
whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group); 
Capital Disqualification Event means a change in the regulatory classification of the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes that results, or would be likely to result in their exclusion from own funds 
or reclassification as a lower quality form of own funds and which, if the redemption of the 
relevant Tier 2 Subordinated Notes is proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
Issue Date, the Regulator considers to be sufficiently certain and the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Regulator that the change in the regulatory classification was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the Issue Date; and 
Tier 2 Capital means tier 2 capital as provided under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
9.4 
Early Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event: If, in the case of Senior Subordinated 
Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Senior Notes where the MREL Disqualification Event 
has been specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms only, following the MREL 
Requirement Date, a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, then the 
Issuer may, at its option and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes); the Issue and Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 21 (Notices), the Noteholders of the relevant Notes (as applicable) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption), elect to redeem in 
accordance with these Conditions all, but not some only, of the relevant Notes (as applicable). 
Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the relevant Notes (as applicable). 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 9.4 will be redeemed at their early redemption 
amount (the Early Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification Event)) (which shall be 
their principal amount or such other Early Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification Event)

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Redemption of Senior Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Senior Notes where 
the MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
for regulatory reasons pursuant to this Condition 9.4 will be subject to the prior consent of the 
Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority as set out in Conditions 9.14 (Conditions 
to Early Redemption and Purchase of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) and 9.15 (Conditions to 
Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes eligible to comply with Applicable MREL 
Regulations, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes). 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Applicable MREL Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies then in effect in Poland or any other relevant jurisdiction giving effect 
to the MREL or any successor principles then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD, the BRRD and those 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to MREL or any successor 
principles then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force 
of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the 
Group); 
MREL means the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" for credit 
institutions under the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 of the BRRD (as transposed in 
Poland or any other relevant jurisdiction), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 
of 23 May 2016, supplementing BRRD with regard to regulatory technical standards specifying 
the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities, or any successor requirement under EU legislation and relevant 
implementing legislation and regulation in Poland or any other relevant jurisdiction; 
MREL Disqualification Event means at any time, on or following the MREL Requirement 
Date, the determination by the Issuer that all or part of the outstanding nominal amount of: the 
Senior Subordinated Notes; the Senior Non Preferred Notes or the Senior Notes where the 
MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
does not fully qualify as MREL-Eligible Notes of the Issuer and/or the Group, except where 
such non-qualification: (i) is due solely to the remaining maturity of the relevant Notes (as 
applicable) being less than any period prescribed for MREL-Eligible Notes by the Applicable 
MREL Regulations: or (ii) is as a result of the relevant Notes (as applicable) being bought back 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or a buy back of the relevant Notes which is funded by or on behalf 
of the Issuer; or (iii) in the case of Senior Notes where the MREL Disqualification Event has 
been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, is due to the relevant Senior Notes not 
meeting any requirement in relation to their ranking upon insolvency of the Issuer or any 
limitation on the amount of such Notes that may be eligible for the inclusion in the amount of 
MREL-Eligible Notes of the Issuer and/or the Group or (iv) is due to any applicable limits on 
the amount of "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed 
to meet any MREL requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group being exceeded. 
MREL-Eligible Notes means an instrument that complies with the Applicable MREL 
Regulations; 
MREL Requirement Date means the time from which the Issuer and/or the Group is obliged 
to meet any MREL Requirements;

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
MREL Requirements means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group under the Applicable MREL Regulations; and 
9.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: This Condition 9.5 applies to Notes which are subject 
to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the Issuer (other than for taxation 
reasons or due to a Capital Disqualification Event or a MREL Disqualification Event), such 
option being referred to as an Issuer Call. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 9.5 for full 
information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the 
Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum 
amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. If Issuer Call is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes); the Issue and Principal Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices), the Noteholders of the relevant Notes (as 
applicable), or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the applicable 
amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (together with accrued interest to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)) at either: 
(a) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(b) 
the Make Whole Redemption Price. 
The Make Whole Redemption Price will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be: 
(A) 
if Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount of such Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the 
price (expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the 
Determination Agent (if applicable), at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such 
Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield (as determined 
by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date 
of the Reference Bond, plus the Redemption Margin, as determined by the 
Determination Agent; or 
(B) 
if Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount 
of such Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price 
(expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination 
Agent (if applicable), at which the yield to maturity on such Notes on the Reference 
Date is equal to the Reference Bond Rate at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date, 
plus the Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination Agent. 
In the case of Senior Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Senior Notes eligible 
to comply with Applicable MREL Regulations, redemption at the option of the Issuer pursuant 
to this Condition 9.5 will be subject to the prior consent of the Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations and 
may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant 
time.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
9.6 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 9.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes 
to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots on a pro rata basis in such place as the 
Issue and Principal Paying Agent approves and in such manner as the Issue and Principal Paying 
Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to 
in Condition 9.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed 
(which will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 19 (Meetings of 
Noteholders; Modification, Waiver and Substitution) not less than 15 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption), and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part 
in the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of 
outstanding Notes on such date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so 
specified. 
9.7 
Clean-up Call: If Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, and if, at any time (other than as a direct result of a redemption of some, but not all, 
of the Notes at the Make Whole Redemption Price at the Issuer's option pursuant to Condition 
9.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer)), the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes is 20 per cent. (or such other amount as is specified in the relevant Final Terms) or less 
of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any 
further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 20 (Further Issues) and consolidated with the Notes 
as part of the same Series shall be deemed to have been originally issued) (the Clean-up Call 
Threshold), the Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of the remaining outstanding Notes 
on any date (or, if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, on any Interest Payment Date) upon giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days' notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) (which notice shall specify the date for redemption and shall be 
irrevocable), at the Optional Redemption Amount (Clean-up Call) together with any accrued 
and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Prior to the publication of any 
notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 9.7, the Issuer shall deliver to the Issue and 
Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes is equal to or less than the Clean-
up Call Threshold. The Issue and Principal Paying Agent shall be entitled to accept such 
certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out above, in 
which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
9.8 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9.8, the Holder of a Note must, not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such 
other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), deposit with any Paying Agent 
such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a 
Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance 
with this Condition 9.8, may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, 
upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying 
Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have 
been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at 
its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant 
Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in 
accordance with this Condition 9.8, the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall 
be deemed to be the Holder of such Note for all purposes. 
9.9 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs 9.1 (Scheduled redemption) to 9.7 (Clean-up Call) above. 
9.10 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time 
before the Maturity Date shall be an amount calculated by the Issuer equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the Reference Price; and 
(b) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 
9.10 or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
9.11 
Purchase: Subject to Condition 9.15 (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes 
eligible to comply with Applicable MREL Regulations, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Senior 
Subordinated Notes) in respect of Senior Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Senior 
Subordinated Notes, and Condition 9.14 (Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Tier 
2 Subordinated Notes) in respect of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, the Issuer or any subsidiary of 
the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all 
unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any 
price in the open market or otherwise. If purchases are made by tender, tenders must be 
available to all Noteholders alike. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of 
the purchaser, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
9.13 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed or purchased and surrendered for cancellation and any 
unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be 
reissued or resold. 
9.14 
Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes: Any redemption 
or purchase of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes in accordance with Conditions 9.2 (Redemption for 
tax reasons), 9.3 (Early Redemption due to Capital Disqualification Event), 9.5 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer), 9.7 (Clean-up Call) or 9.11 (Purchase) is subject to: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the relevant Regulator and such Regulator granting prior 
permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes (in each case to the

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
extent, and in the manner, required by the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations, 
including Articles 77(b) and 78 of the CRR); and 
(b) 
compliance by the Issuer with any alternative or additional pre-conditions to 
redemption or purchase, as applicable, set out in the relevant Applicable Banking 
Regulations for the time being. 
9.15 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes eligible to comply with Applicable 
MREL Regulations, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes: Any 
redemption or purchase in accordance with Conditions 9.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 9.4 
(Early Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event), 9.5 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), 9.7 (Clean-up Call) or 9.11 (Purchase) of Senior Notes, eligible to comply with 
Applicable MREL Regulations, Senior Non Preferred Notes and/or Senior Subordinated Notes 
is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase 
prescribed by the Applicable MREL Regulations at the relevant time (including any 
requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to the qualification of such 
Senior Notes, eligible to comply with Applicable MREL Regulations, Senior Non Preferred 
Notes and/or Senior Subordinated Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the 
MREL Requirements). 
9.16 
Agents: The Agents are not responsible for verifying the Issuer's compliance with the conditions 
for redemption or purchase of the Notes under this Condition 9 (Redemption and Purchase). 
10. 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
10.1 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that currency, or, in 
the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
10.2 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph 10.8 below (Payments other than in 
respect of matured Coupons), be made only against presentation and (provided that payment 
is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph 10.1 above (Principal). 
10.3 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified 
Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is 
due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying 
Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and 
(iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
10.4 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any law implementing an

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
10.5 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons 
relating thereto: 
(a) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, 
that if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due 
for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(b) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(i) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the Relevant Coupons) being equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph 
would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such 
missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(ii) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) 
which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph 
10.1 above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender 
of the relevant missing Coupons. 
10.6 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10.6 is 
applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 9.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 
9.7 (Clean-up Call), Condition 9.8 (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 13 
(Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall 
become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
10.7 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer 
Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall 
not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment 
Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in 
respect of any such delay. 
10.8 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect 
of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if 
permitted by paragraph 10.3 above (Payments in New York City)). 
10.9 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement 
indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
10.10 Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the 
time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of 
such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Issue and Principal Paying 
Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any 
Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 16 
(Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such 
Talon. 
11. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
11.1 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by transfer to an account denominated in that 
currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or 
transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that 
currency (or in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System) 
upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note 
Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
11.2 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by transfer to an account denominated in that 
currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or 
transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that 
currency and (or in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET 
System) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note 
Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
11.3 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in 
all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such 
payments. 
11.4 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value 
the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated (i) (in the case of payments of 
principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the 
day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest 
payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note 
shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting 
from the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
11.5 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register 
and, in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement 
indicating the amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
11.6 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown 
as the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified 
Office on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the Record Date). 
12. 
Taxation 
12.1 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or 
on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Tax 
Jurisdiction or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power 
to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental 
charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will 
result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction 
of such amounts of: (i) principal and interest, in the case of Senior Notes that are not issued for 
the satisfaction of MREL, or (ii) interest only, in the case of Senior Notes issued for the 
satisfaction of MREL, Senior Non Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes, as would have, in each case, been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon; 
(b) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for 
payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder 
of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting or surrendering such Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the 
last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(c) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder or any official 
interpretations thereof. 
In these Conditions: 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Poland or any other relevant jurisdiction, or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
13. 
Events of Default 
13.1 
Events of Default with respect to Senior Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, if any of the following events occurs 
and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Senior 
Notes on the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in 
respect of the Senior Notes on the due date for payment thereof and such default 
continues for a period of seven days; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of 
any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Senior Notes and such default 
remains unremedied for 45 days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by 
any Ordinary Senior Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer and to the Specified 
Office of the Issue and Principal Paying Agent; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Material Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not paid 
when due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due 
and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at the option of the 
Issuer, or (as the case may be) the relevant Material Subsidiary or (provided 
that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any Person 
entitled to such Indebtedness; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount 
payable by it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness; 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (a) and/or sub-
paragraph (b) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-
paragraph (c) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 50,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Insolvency etc: (i) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or 
is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed 
(or application for any such appointment is made) in respect of the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries or the whole or any/a substantial part of the undertaking, assets 
and revenues of the Issuer, or any of its Material Subsidiaries, (iii) the Issuer, or any of 
its respective Material Subsidiaries takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of 
any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition 
with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its 
Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness given by it or (iv) the Issuer or any 
of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or any substantial 
part of its business (otherwise than, in the case of a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer, 
for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring 
whilst solvent); or 
(e) 
Winding up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding 
up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, or any of its Material Subsidiaries

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
(otherwise than, in the case of a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of 
or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); 
(f) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of Republic of Poland has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (e) above; or 
(g) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with 
any of its obligations under or in respect of the Senior Notes. 
then any Ordinary Senior Note may, by written notice addressed by the Noteholder thereof to 
the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer and to the Specified Office of the Issue and Principal 
Paying Agent (and addressed to the Issuer), be declared immediately due and payable, 
whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount 
together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
13.2 
No Events of Default for Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Senior 
Notes 
Save as provided below, there are no events of default under the Subordinated Notes, the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes and, to the extent so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Senior 
Notes, which could lead to an acceleration of the relevant Subordinated Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes or Senior Notes. 
However, if an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer or if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the 
winding up or dissolution of the Issuer and such order is continuing, then any Holder of a Note 
may, unless there has been a resolution to the contrary by the Noteholders, by written notice 
addressed by the Noteholder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer and to the Specified 
Office of the Issue and Principal Paying Agent (and addressed to the Issuer), be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon the principal amount of such Notes together with any 
accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of payment shall become immediately due and 
payable without further action or formality. 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the principal amount of the 
Notes or any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes, the conversion thereof into another 
security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in 
Tool by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any 
Bail-in Tool by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an event of 
default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the 
Noteholders to any remedies (including equitable remedies), which are hereby expressly 
waived. 
14. 
Waiver of Set-off 
If this Condition 14 is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to the Notes, 
no Holder may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, 
claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against such Holder, directly or 
indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims 
and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any 
sort, whether or not relating to such Note) and each Holder shall be deemed to have waived all 
Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such 
actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if 
any of the amounts owing to any Holder by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in 
connection with the Notes is discharged by set-off, such Holder shall, subject to applicable law,

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer and, until such 
time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount in trust for the Issuer and 
accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition is intended to provide, or shall be 
construed as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention 
or counterclaim or that any such right is or would be available to any Holder of any Note but 
for this Condition. 
The rights of Holders shall be subject to any present or future provisions of Polish law relating 
to the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms in the Republic of 
Poland which are or will be applicable to such Notes only as a result of the operation of such 
laws or regulations. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Waived Set-Off Rights means any and all rights of or claims of any Holder for deduction, set-
off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in 
connection with any Note. 
15. 
Substitution and Variation 
If this Condition 15 is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to the Notes, 
and (i) a Capital Disqualification Event, (ii) an MREL Disqualification Event or (iii) a 
circumstance giving rise to the right of the Issuer to redeem the Notes for taxation reasons under 
Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) occurs and is continuing, the Issuer may substitute 
all (but not some only) of the Notes or modify the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they are 
substituted for, or varied to, become, or remain, Qualifying Notes, subject to having given not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 
(Notices), the Registrar and the Issue and Principal Paying Agent (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date for substitution or, as applicable, variation), and subject 
to obtaining the prior consent of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and 
as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations and in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or 
variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new 
terms and conditions of the Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any 
cost or charge to the Noteholders. 
Noteholders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any Notes, be 
deemed to accept the substitution or variation of the terms of such Notes and to grant to the 
Issuer full power and authority to take any action and/or to execute and deliver any document 
in the name and/or on behalf of the Noteholders which is necessary or convenient to complete 
the substitution or variation of the terms of the Notes. 
In these Conditions: 
Qualifying Notes means, at any time, any securities denominated in the Specified Currency 
and issued directly by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 25 (Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise 
of Bail-in Tool), have terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the Noteholders than 
the terms of the Notes provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate signed by two

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
Authorised Signatories to that effect to the Noteholders not less than five Business Days prior 
to (x) in the case of a substitution of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 15, the issue date of 
the relevant securities or (y) in the case of a variation of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 
15, the date such variation becomes effective, provided that such securities shall: 
(i) 
(A) in the case of Notes eligible to comply with Applicable MREL Regulations, if the 
MREL Requirement Date has occurred, contain terms which comply with the then 
current requirements for MREL-Eligible Notes as embodied in the Applicable MREL 
Regulations, and (B) in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, contain terms which 
comply with the then current requirements for their inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of 
the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to this Condition 15; and 
(iii) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount as the Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 15; and 
(iv) 
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 15; and 
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as set out in Condition 4 (Status); and 
(vi) 
not, immediately following such substitution or variation, be subject to a Capital 
Disqualification Event, a MREL Disqualification Event and/or an early redemption 
right for taxation reasons according to Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), as 
applicable; and 
(vii) 
be listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange as selected by the Issuer, if the 
Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 15. 
16. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer 
Notes are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented 
for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest 
on redemption in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note 
Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
17. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the Specified Office of the Issue and Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Bearer 
Notes, or the Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular 
place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by 
such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable 
laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon 
payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on 
such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
18. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation 
Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor issue and principal 
paying agent or registrar or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; 
provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain an issue and principal paying agent and a registrar; 
and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all 
times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the 
Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified 
Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders. 
19. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
19.1 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings 
(including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders 
to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these 
Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer shall be convened by them upon the request in 
writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more 
Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons 
holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter 
of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and 
Couponholders, whether present or not. Any modification of these Conditions in respect of any 
Series of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes or Senior Non Preferred Notes is subject to the Issuer 
notifying and/or obtaining prior written consent of (in the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) 
the Regulator or (in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes) the Resolution Authority (in each 
such case, to the extent that such modification and/or consent is then required under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations).

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
19.2 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without 
the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, 
the parties to the Agency Agreement may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree to 
modify any provision thereof. 
19.3 
Substitution: The Issuer, or any previous substituted company, may at any time, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes such wholly 
owned subsidiary of the Issuer (the Substitute) as is specified in the Agency Agreement, 
provided that no payment in respect of the Notes is at the relevant time overdue. The 
substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the Deed Poll), to be substantially in the form 
exhibited to the Agency Agreement, and may take place only if (i) the Substitute shall, by means 
of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder against any Taxes which are imposed on 
it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence 
for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note and which would 
not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any Taxes and 
any cost or expense, relating to the substitution, (ii) the obligations of the Substitute under the 
Deed Poll and the Notes shall be unconditionally guaranteed by the Issuer by means of the Deed 
Poll, (iii) all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including 
the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll and the Notes represent 
valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, in the case of the Deed 
Poll, of the Issuer have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect, (iv) the 
Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it, (v) legal opinions addressed 
to the Noteholders shall have been delivered to them from a lawyer or firm of lawyers with a 
leading securities practice in each jurisdiction referred to in (i) above and in England as to the 
fulfilment of the preceding conditions of this Condition 19.3 and the other matters specified in 
the Deed Poll and (vi) the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice of such 
substitution to the Noteholders, stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all 
documents in relation to the substitution which are referred to above, or which might otherwise 
reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, will be available for inspection at the 
specified office of the Issuer. References in Condition 13 (Events of Default) to obligations 
under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations under the Deed Poll, and, where the 
Deed Poll contains a guarantee, the events listed in Condition 13 (Events of Default) shall be 
deemed to include that guarantee not being (or being claimed by the guarantor not to be) in full 
force and effect and the provisions of Conditions 13.1(d) to 13.1(g) inclusive shall be deemed 
to apply in addition to the guarantor. Any such substitution in respect of any Series of Senior 
Notes eligible to comply with Applicable MREL Regulations, Senior Non Preferred Notes and 
Senior Subordinated Notes is subject to the Issuer notifying and/or obtaining prior written 
consent of the Regulator and/or the Resolution Authority (in each such case, to the extent that 
such modification and/or consent is then required under the Applicable Banking Regulations). 
20. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects 
(or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the 
Notes.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
21. 
Notices 
21.1 
Bearer Notes: For so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market and the rules of Euronext Dublin so 
require, the Issuer will publish a notice of any change of Paying Agent in a newspaper having 
a general circulation in Dublin (which is expected to be The Irish Times) or, to the extent and 
in the manner permitted by such rules, post such notice on the official website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the 
date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first 
date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders 
shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
Noteholders of Bearer Notes. 
21.2 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Noteholders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first 
class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective 
addresses on the Register or, if such publication is not practicable, in a newspaper having a 
general circulation in Dublin (which is expected to be The Irish Times) or, to the extent and in 
the manner permitted by such rules, post such notice on the official website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
day after the date of mailing. 
22. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the first currency) in 
which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another 
currency (the second currency) for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against 
the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any 
order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each 
Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to 
the Issuer and to the Specified Office of the Issue and Principal Paying Agent, against any loss 
suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose 
to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate 
or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase 
the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in 
whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give 
rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
23. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified 
in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United 
States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest 
cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen 
amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
24. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
24.1 
Governing law: The Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Deed of Covenant 
and the Agency Agreement are governed by English law, except that Conditions 4 (Status), 25 
(Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Tool) and 26 
(Recognition of Stay Powers) are governed by Polish law. 
24.2 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
Dispute) arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency 
Agreement (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes). 
24.3 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
24.4 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Notwithstanding Condition 
24.2 (English courts), any Noteholder may take proceedings relating to a Dispute 
(Proceedings) in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders 
may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
24.5 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any 
other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by 
being delivered to Banco Santander, S.A., London Branch, 2 Triton Square, Regent's Place, 
London NW1 3AN, United Kingdom, or to such other person with an address in England or 
Wales and/or at such other address in England or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in 
writing to the Noteholders. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to 
serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in 
England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
25. 
Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Tool 
25.1 
Recognition of Bail-in 
(a) 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other 
agreements, arrangements, or understandings between the Issuer and any Noteholder, 
by its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 25, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges 
and accepts that the Amount Due arising under these Notes may be subject to the 
exercise of Bail-in Tool by the Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, 
consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
The effect of the exercise of Bail-in Tool by the Resolution Authority (which 
may be imposed without any prior notice to the Noteholders), which, without 
limitation, may include and result in any of the following, or some combination 
thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction or cancellation of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, 
securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes;

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment 
of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which 
the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of the Bail-in Tool by the Resolution 
Authority. 
The exercise of the Bail-in Tool by the Resolution Authority pursuant to any relevant 
laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Poland is not dependent on the 
application of this Condition 25. 
(b) 
Agents' Liability: Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Tool by the Resolution Authority, 
(a) the Agents shall not be required to take any directions from Noteholders, and (b) 
the Agency Agreement shall impose no duties upon any of the Agents whatsoever, in 
each case with respect to the exercise of any Bail-in Tool by the Resolution Authority. 
The Agents shall not be responsible for the consequences of any write-down, 
cancellation, amendment or conversion of any Notes (in whole or in part) or any claims 
in respect thereof, and the Agents shall not be responsible for any calculation or 
determination or the verification of any calculation or determination in connection with 
the foregoing. 
25.2 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the 
exercise of any Bail-in Tool by the Resolution Authority if and to the extent such amounts have 
been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such exercise. 
25.3 
No Event of Default 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due nor the conversion 
thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the 
exercise of the Bail-in Tool by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer and/or the 
Notes will be an Event of Default. 
25.4 
Notice to Noteholders 
Upon the exercise of the Bail-in Tool by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer 
and/or the Notes, the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
21 (Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in Tool. The Issuer will 
also deliver a copy of such notice to the Agents for information purposes. Each Noteholder 
acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees that any delay or failure by the Issuer to notify the 
Noteholders under this paragraph shall not affect (or be deemed to operate to affect) the validity 
and enforceability of the exercise of the Bail-in Tool by the Resolution Authority. 
26. 
Recognition of Stay Powers  
(a) 
By its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, each Noteholder (which 
for the purposes of this Condition 26, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in 
the Notes), where a resolution measure is taken in relation to the Issuer or any member 
of the same group as the Issuer which is an EU BRRD undertaking:

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
(i) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Stay 
Powers; 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that it is bound by the application or exercise of any 
such Stay Powers; and 
(iii) 
confirms that this Condition 26 represents the entire agreement with the Issuer 
on the potential impact of Stay Powers in respect of the Notes, to the exclusion 
of any other agreement, arrangement or understanding between parties, 
to the extent that such Stay Powers apply to the Notes. 
(b) 
In accordance with Article 68 (Exclusion of certain contractual terms in early 
intervention and resolution) of the BRRD and any relevant implementing measures in 
any member state, by its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, each 
Noteholder further acknowledges and agrees that the application or exercise of any 
such Stay Powers shall not, per se, be deemed to be an enforcement event within the 
meaning of Directive 2002/47/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 
June 2002 on financial collateral arrangements or as insolvency proceedings within the 
meaning of Directive 98/26/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 
May 1998 on settlement finality in payment and securities settlement systems, and that 
Noteholders shall not be entitled to take any of the steps outlined under Article 68(3) 
of the BRRD and any relevant implementing measures in any member state against the 
Issuer. 
(c) 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
(i) 
Stay Powers means the powers of a relevant resolution authority to suspend 
or restrict rights and obligations under: 
(A) 
Article 33a (Power to suspend payment or delivery obligations); 
(B) 
Article 69 (Power to suspend payment or delivery obligations); 
(C) 
Article 70 (Power to restrict the enforcement of any security interest); 
and 
(D) 
Article 71 (Power to temporarily suspend any termination right), 
of the BRRD and any relevant implementing measures in any member state 
including Articles 142 - 144 of the Act on Bank Guarantee Fund; 
(ii) 
EU BRRD undertaking means an entity within the scope of Article 71a of the 
BRRD and any relevant implementing measures in any EEA member state; 
and 
(iii) 
resolution measure means "resolution" or the application of a "resolution 
tool", "crisis prevention measure" or "crisis management measure" within the 
meaning of the BRRD and any relevant implementing measures in any member 
state.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, EU 
MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
[Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
 
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in 
which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".  
2  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
(2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA), the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in section 309A of the SFA) that 
the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018)]/[⚫]]4 
Final Terms dated [⚫] 
Santander Bank Polska S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 259400LGXW3K0GDAG361 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 13 September 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [⚫]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) [for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the EU Prospectus Regulation)]5. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation]6 and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of 
the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published 
on the websites of the [Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) 
[and]]/[Warsaw Stock Exchange (Giełda Papierów Wartościowych w Warszawie S.A.) (www.gpw.pl)] 
and the Issuer (https://www.santander.pl/en/investor-relations/issuances). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 5 October 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[⚫]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 13 September 2024. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of the Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the EU Prospectus Regulation)]7 and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
 
3  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if one or more of the Managers is a manufacturer in relation to the Notes and 
is a UK MiFIR regulated entity. 
4  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes will be sold into Singapore. 
5  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under EU Prospectus Regulation. 
6  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under EU Prospectus Regulation. 
7  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
Prospectus dated 5 October 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [⚫]] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) [for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation]8 in order 
to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base 
Prospectus has been published on the websites of the [Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) [and]]/[Warsaw Stock Exchange (Giełda Papierów Wartościowych 
w 
Warszawie 
S.A.) 
(www.gpw.pl)] 
and the 
Issuer (https://www.santander.pl/en/investor-
relations/issuances). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [⚫] on [⚫]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 2 below [which is expected to occur 
on or about [⚫]]. 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[⚫] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
[(i) 
Series: 
[⚫]] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[⚫]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [⚫]] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[⚫][and [⚫]] 
(An initial minimum denomination of EUR 100,000 
or its equivalent in any other currency) 
(An initial minimum denomination being an 
equivalent of PLN 400,000 or its equivalent in any 
other currency but not less than EUR 100,000 for 
Senior 
Non 
Preferred 
Notes 
and 
Tier 
2 
Subordinated Notes) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[⚫] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
 
8  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[⚫]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[⚫] 
(Senior Non Preferred Notes will have a maturity of 
not less than one year) 
(Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have a maturity of 
not less than five years)  
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[⚫] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[EURIBOR/SOFR/SONIA/WIBOR] +/– [⚫] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Fixed Rate Reset Notes] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their principal 
amount. 
10. Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but excluding) [⚫] 
paragraph [14]/[16] applies and for the period from 
(and including) [⚫] up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date paragraph [14]/[16] applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
11. Put/Call Options: 
Issuer Call pursuant to Condition 9.2 (Redemption 
for tax reasons) is [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[See paragraph 19 below] 
Put Option pursuant to Condition 9.8 (Redemption 
at the option of Noteholders) is [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] [See paragraph 20 below (Put Option)] 
 
 
Clean-up Call pursuant to Condition 9.7 (Clean-up 
Call) 
is 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[See 
paragraph 21 below (Clean-up Call Option)] 
Issuer Call – Capital Disqualification Event 
pursuant to Condition 9.3 (Early Redemption due to 
Capital Disqualification Event) is [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Issuer Call – MREL Disqualification Event 
pursuant to Condition 9.4 (Early Redemption due to

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
MREL Disqualification Event) is [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes/Senior Non Preferred Notes/ Senior 
Subordinated Notes/Tier 2 Subordinated Notes] 
13. (a) 
Events of Default: 
[Condition 13.1 (Events of Default with respect to 
Senior Notes) applies]/[Condition 13.2 (No Events 
of Default for Subordinated Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and certain Senior Notes)] applies 
14. Date of Management Board approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[⚫] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[⚫] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] [For 
Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject 
to modification: The amount of interest payable for 
any Interest Period is to be calculated in 
accordance with Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions)] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [⚫]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ Eurobond Basis] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(vii) 
Unmatured Coupons: 
Condition 10.6 (Unmatured Coupons void) is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
16. Reset Fixed Rate Notes Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
 
(If applicable, Condition 6.5 (Notes accruing 
interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes will apply) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[⚫] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[Business Day Convention]]/[not adjusted] up to 
and including the Maturity Date 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount [for the [⚫] Interest 
Period] [repeat information if necessary] 
 
(vi) 
First Reset Date: 
[⚫] [adjusted in accordance with [Business Day 
Convention]]/[not adjusted] 
 
(vii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] [adjusted in accordance with 
[Business Day Convention]]/[not adjusted] 
 
(viii) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[⚫] [and [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[Business Day Convention]]/[not adjusted]. 
 
(ix) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(x) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-swap Rate] 
 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[⚫] 
 
(xii) 
Fixed Leg Swap Duration: 
[⚫] 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ Eurobond Basis] 
 
(xiv) 
Determination Dates: 
[⚫] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon). 
 
(xv) 
Reset Business Centre: 
[⚫] 
 
(xvi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount  
[The Issue and Principal Paying Agent]/[⚫]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xvii) Unmatured Coupons: 
Condition 10.6 (Unmatured Coupons void) is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
17. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[⚫] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business 
Day Convention / Modified Following Business 
Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[⚫]] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[[The Issue and Principal Paying Agent]/[⚫] shall 
be the Calculation Agent] 
 
(vii) 
Provisions relating to Screen Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫][EURIBOR/WIBOR//SONIA/SOFR]  
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): [⚫]/[⚫] London Banking Days prior to the end of 
each Interest Payment Date  
 
• 
"p": 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[⚫] 
 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period) 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ Eurobond Basis]

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
18. Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[⚫]  
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
early Redemption Amounts: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ Eurobond Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
(Call): 
[[⚫]/Any date from and including [date] to but 
excluding [date]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call) of each Note: 
[[⚫] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Make 
Whole 
Redemption Price] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on]]/[in the period 
from and including [date] to but excluding [date]] 
 
[(iii) 
Make Whole Redemption Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / 
Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs (a) – (c) of this paragraph)] 
 
[(a) 
Redemption Margin: 
[⚫] per cent.] 
 
[(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[⚫]] 
 
[(c) 
Quotation Time: 
[⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[⚫] 
20. Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
(Put): 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put) of each Note and method, if 
any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[⚫] 
21. Clean-up Call Option  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Threshold: 
[•] per cent. 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Clean-up Call): 
[•]] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if different from the 
Conditions) 
[Not less than [•] nor more than [•] days] / [Not 
Applicable – in line with Condition 9.7 (Clean-up 
Call)] 
22. Capital Disqualification Event in respect 
of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Capital Disqualification Event): 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount / 9.3 (Early 
Redemption due to Capital Disqualification Event) 
not Applicable] 
23. MREL Disqualification Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(MREL Disqualification Event): 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
24. Final Redemption Amount  
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
25. Early Termination Amount 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
26. Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period on redemption for 
tax reasons (if different from 
[Not less than [•] nor more than [•] days] / [Not 
Applicable – in line with Conditions]

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons)): 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [⚫] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [⚫] days' notice] 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [⚫] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
(The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including €199,000". 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any 
issuance of Notes which is to be represented on 
issue by a Permanent Bearer Global Notes 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
 
[Registered Notes] 
 
 
Global 
Registered 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Individual Note Certificates on [⚫] days' notice/at 
any time/in the limited circumstances described in 
the Global Registered Note 
 
 
Global Registered Note [(U.S.$/Euro [⚫] principal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]/[a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure (NSS))]. 
28. New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
29. Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment date: 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and not 
the end dates of interest periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest end dates, to 
which sub paragraph 17(v) relates]

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
30. Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are left.] 
31. Waiver of Set-Off 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
32. Substitution and Variation 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of Santander Bank Polska S.A.: 
By: 
 ................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
[Application will be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
to trading on the regulated market of the [Irish 
Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin]/[Warsaw Stock Exchange (in Polish: 
Giełda Papierów Wartościowych w Warszawie 
S.A.)] with effect from [⚫].]/[Not applicable] 
2. RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be] rated/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
 
 
 
[Moody's: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [⚫]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [⚫]] 
[⚫] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the EU CRA Regulation). [⚫] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu. The rating [⚫] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [⚫] which is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
[⚫] has been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 / has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
3. INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)]

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
4. REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[⚫] 
 
 
(See "Use of proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
making profit and/or hedging certain risks will 
need to include those reasons here.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[⚫] 
 
 
[Include breakdown of expenses] 
5. [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.]] 
6. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
CFI Code: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(v) 
Delivery 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[⚫] 
 
(vii) 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,] [include this text for registered

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
notes]] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,][include 
this text for registered notes]]. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]] 
 
(viii) 
Relevant Benchmark[s] 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, 
such that [name of administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, 
if located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
7. DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated:  
[Not Applicable / give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments]

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
(a) 
Names and addresses of 
Dealers and underwriting 
commitments: 
[⚫] 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the same as the Dealers.) 
 
(b) 
Date 
of 
subscription 
agreement:  
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[⚫]] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and address 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2]; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D / TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(v) 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will 
be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vi) 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will 
be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note 
which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a 
CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case 
may be, common safekeeper. In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered 
Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person 
in whose name such Global Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for 
so long as the Global Registered Note is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary 
or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for 
that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered 
Note (each an Accountholder) must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment 
made by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all 
other rights arising under such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the 
manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global 
Registered Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the 
relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have 
no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of 
the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is 
a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate 
or Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all 
interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of 
any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect 
of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule 
thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the 
currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency 
of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in the principal financial centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the 
Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the Record Date) where Clearing 
System Business Day means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered 
Note is being held is open for business. 
Exercise of Put Option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9.8 (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered 
Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note give notice 
of such exercise to the Issue and Principal Paying Agent, in accordance with the rules and procedures 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or other relevant clearing system, specifying the principal 
amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable 
and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9.5 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global 
Note or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer 
in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 21 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered 
Note and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global 
Note are), or the Global Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common 
safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall 
be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) on the date 
of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note or Global Registered Note is held 
on behalf of a clearing system, then:  
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing 
system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes outstanding (an Electronic 
Consent as defined in the Agency Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that 
would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a 
special quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting 
of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of 
Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and  
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global 
Registered Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of 
another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that 
accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing 
the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on 
any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream,

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the relevant clearing system) 
and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by 
the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such 
manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or 
instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence 
of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other 
document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by 
the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's 
Xact Web Portal system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the 
accountholder of a particular principal or principal amount of the Notes is clearly identified 
together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason 
of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such 
effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not 
authentic.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the 
Issuer's country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives 
from the Notes. 
Republic of Poland 
The following is a discussion of certain Polish tax considerations relevant to an investor resident in 
Poland or which is otherwise subject to Polish taxation. This statement should not be deemed to be tax 
advice. It is based on Polish tax laws and, as its interpretation refers to the position as at the date of 
this document, it may thus be subject to change, including a change with retroactive effect. Any change 
may negatively affect the tax treatment, as described below. This description does not purport to be 
complete with respect to all tax information that may be relevant to investors due to their individual 
circumstances. Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their professional tax advisor 
regarding the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposal, redemption or transfer without 
consideration of Notes. 
The reference to “interest” as well as to any other terms in the paragraphs below means "interest" or 
any other term, respectively, as understood in Polish tax law. 
For the purpose of this Section 
Affiliated Entities shall mean: 
(a) 
entities of which one entity Exercises a Significant Influence on at least one other entity; 
(b) 
entities on which a Significant Influence is Exercised by: 
(i) 
the same other entity; or  
(ii) 
the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or affinity up to the second degree of a natural 
person exercising a significant influence on at least one entity; 
(c) 
a tax transparent partnership and its partners (partner); 
(d) 
a limited partnership or limited joint-stock partnership with their registered office or place of 
management in the territory of Poland and their general partners; 
(e) 
a general partnership subject to corporate income tax with its registered office or place of 
management in the territory of Poland and its partner(s); or 
(f) 
a taxable person and their foreign establishment, and in the case of a tax capital group – a 
company being its part and its foreign establishment. 
(each of being a manifestation of an existence of an Affiliation). 
Exercising a Significant Influence shall mean: 
(a) 
holding directly or indirectly at least 25 per cent. of: 
(i) 
shares in the capital; 
(ii) 
voting rights in the supervisory, decision-making or managing bodies;

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
(iii) 
shares (or rights to participate in) profits, losses or property (or their expectations), 
including participation units and investment certificates; 
(b) 
the actual ability of a natural person to influence key economic decisions taken by a legal person 
or an organisational unit without legal personality; or 
(c) 
being the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or by affinity up to the second degree. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident individual 
Under Art. 3.1 of the Personal Income Tax Act dated 26 July 1991 (the PIT Act), individuals, if residing 
in Poland, are liable for tax on their total income (revenue) irrespective of the location of the sources of 
revenue (unlimited obligation to pay tax). 
Under Art. 3.1a of the PIT Act, a Polish tax resident individual is a natural person who (i) has their 
centre of personal or business interests located in Poland or (ii) stays in Poland for longer than 183 days 
in a year, unless any relevant tax treaty dictates otherwise. 
Income derived by a Polish tax resident individual from financial instruments, such as the Notes, held 
as non-business assets, qualify as capital gains according to Article 17 of the PIT Act. 
Withholding tax on interest and similar income 
Under Art. 30a.1.2 and Art. 30a.1.2a of the PIT Act interest income and income from the Issuer's 
redemption of Notes on which periodic benefits are due is subject to a 19 per cent. flat rate tax. 
According to Art. 30a.7 of the PIT Act, interest income, including discount from Notes and income 
from the issuer's redemption of Notes which periodic benefits are due, derived by a Polish tax resident 
individual does not cumulate with general income subject to the progressive tax rate. 
Under Art. 41.4 of the PIT Act, the interest payer, other than an individual not acting within the scope 
of their business activity, is obliged to collect flat-rate income tax on payments made (benefits) or on 
the money or money equivalents made available to the taxpayer. 
Under Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts for taxpayers, acting as tax 
remitters, should withhold the tax on this interest income if such interest income (revenue) has been 
earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in said accounts, and the interest payment 
to the individual (the taxpayer) is made through said entities. These rules should also apply to the entities 
indicated in Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act (non-residents) to the extent they conduct their business activity 
through a Polish permanent establishment located within the territory of Poland, if the account on which 
given securities are recorded is connected with the activity of that establishment. Consequently, a 
foreign entity that does not operate through a permanent establishment in Poland, e.g. a foreign broker 
not acting through a Polish permanent establishment, should not be obliged to withhold Polish tax. 
There are no regulations defining in which cases income earned (revenue) by a Polish tax resident 
should be considered income (revenue) earned in Poland. However, we can expect those cases to be 
analogous to those of non-residents. Pursuant to Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act, income (revenues) earned in 
Poland by non-residents shall include in particular income (revenues) from:  
(a) 
work performed in Poland based on a service relationship, employment relationship, outwork 
system and co-operative employment relationship irrespective of the place where remuneration 
is paid; 
(b) 
activity performed in person in Poland irrespective of the place where remuneration is paid;

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
(c) 
economic activity pursued in Poland, including through a foreign establishment located in 
Poland; 
(d) 
immovable property located in Poland or rights to such property, including from its disposal in 
whole or in part, or from disposal of any rights to such property; 
(e) 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in Poland as part of 
the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from the disposal of these 
securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them; 
(f) 
redemption, repurchase, buy-out and otherwise annihilation of participation titles in capital 
funds established on the basis of the provisions in force in the Republic of Poland and sale of 
these participation titles for a fee; 
(g) 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a partnership 
without legal personality, or participation in an investment fund, a collective investment 
undertaking, or other legal entity and rights of similar character or from receivables being a 
consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations, participation or rights, if at least 
50 per cent. of the value of assets of this company, partnership, investment fund, collective 
investment undertaking or legal entity is constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable 
property located in Poland, or rights to such immovable property; 
(h) 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar rights in 
a real estate company (as defined in the PIT Act); 
(i) 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by natural 
persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their place of 
residence, registered office, or management board in Poland, irrespective of the place of 
concluding and performing the agreement; and the income (revenue) referred to in this point is 
considered to be the revenue listed in Art. 29.1 of the PIT Act, if they do not constitute income 
(revenue) referred to in points (a)-(g) above; Art. 29.1 of the PIT Act lists, among others, 
interest income other than those mentioned in Art. 30a.1 of the PIT Act (which, in turn, refers 
to interest and discount on securities and income from the issuer's redemption of bonds on 
which periodic benefits are due); and 
(j) 
unrealised gains as referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
The above list is not exhaustive; therefore, the tax authorities may also consider that income (revenues) 
not listed above is sourced in Poland.  
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a Polish tax 
resident individual from the Notes is considered to be income sourced in Poland and whether the entity 
operating the securities account for the individual will withhold the tax. Since the Issuer is a Polish 
entity, as a rule, interest from the Notes should be considered as earned in Poland. 
According to Article 45.3b and Art. 45.1 of the PIT Act, if the tax is not withheld, the individual is 
obliged to settle the tax themselves in their annual tax return. Under Art. 45.1 of the PIT Act, the annual 
tax return should be submitted and the tax should be settled by 30 April of the following year. 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Polish omnibus accounts (within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Act dated 29 July 2005 on Trading in Financial Instruments, the 
Omnibus Accounts). Under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act, insofar as securities registered in Omnibus 
Accounts are concerned, the entities liable to withhold the flat-rate income tax on interest income are 
the entities operating Omnibus Accounts through which the amounts due are paid. The tax is charged

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
on the day of placing the amounts due at the disposal of the Omnibus Account holder. This rule also 
applies to remitters who are payers of corporate income tax and are subject to limited tax liability in 
Poland, to the extent they conduct their business through a foreign establishment and it is to that 
establishment's operations that the securities account is linked. 
Additionally, under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest 
transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities (including the Notes referred to herein) 
registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance 
with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax 
remitter (under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act the entity operating the Omnibus Account) from the aggregate 
income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. 
These rules should also apply to the entities indicated in Art. 3.2. of the CIT Act to the extent that they 
conduct business activity through a foreign establishment located within the territory of Poland, if the 
account on which given securities are recorded is connected with the activity of that establishment. 
Consequently, foreign entities that do not operate through a Polish permanent establishment, e.g. 
foreign investment firms not acting through Polish permanent establishments, should not be obliged to 
withhold the tax. 
Under Art. 45.3c of the PIT Act, taxpayers are obliged to disclose the amount of interest (discount) on 
securities (including the Notes referred to herein) in the annual tax return if the Notes were registered 
in Omnibus Account and the taxpayer's identity was not revealed to the tax remitter. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which 
have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not 
higher than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the Polish tax liability. 
Double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Income other than interest 
Based on Art. 30b.1 of the PIT Act, income other than interest earned from financial instruments, such 
as the Notes, does not cumulate with the general income subject to the progressive tax scale but is 
subject to a 19 per cent. flat rate tax. Under Art. 30b.2. of the PIT Act the income from disposal of 
securities is calculated as the difference between the sum of revenues from a transfer of securities 
against a consideration and tax deductible costs, calculated on the basis of the relevant provisions of the 
PIT Act. Based on Art. 17.2 and Art. 19.1 of the PIT Act, if the price expressed in the contract without 
a valid reason significantly deviates from the market value, the amount of income is determined by the 
tax authority or fiscal control authority in the amount of the market value. 
The taxpayer itself is obliged to settle the tax on the transfer of securities (including the Notes) against 
a consideration. Taxpayers should prepare their annual tax return by the end of April of the year 
following the tax year in which the income was earned. No tax or tax advances are withheld by the 
person making the payments.  
Furthermore, capital gains are subject to a 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the surplus of various 
incomes above PLN 1 million in total. The levy must be calculated and settled by the individuals 
themselves.  
Notes held as business assets 
In principle, if an individual holds the Notes as a business asset, in accordance with art. 30b.4 of the 
PIT Act the income should be taxed the same way as other business income. This will either be tax, at 
19 per cent. flat rate or the 12 - 32 per cent. progressive tax rate, depending on the individual's choice 
and meeting of certain conditions by the taxpayer and should be settled by the individual.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
Furthermore, business income is subject to a 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the surplus of 
various incomes above PLN 1 million in total. The levy must be calculated and settled by the individuals 
themselves. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer  
Under Art. 3.1 of the Corporate Income Tax Act dated 15 February 1992 (the CIT Act) the entire 
income of taxpayers who have their registered office or management in Poland is subject to tax 
obligation in Poland, irrespective of where the income is earned. 
According to Art. 3.1a of the CIT Act, a taxpayer has a place of management in the territory of the 
Republic of Poland, inter alia, when the current affairs of this taxpayer are conducted in an organized 
and continuous manner on the territory of the Republic of Poland, based in particular on: (i) an 
agreement, decision, court ruling or other act regulating the establishment or functioning of the 
taxpayer; or (ii) powers of attorney; or (iii) Affiliations. 
Income (revenue) from the Notes, both on account of interest/discount and other income, including 
transfer of securities against a consideration, earned by a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer 
whose entire income is subject to tax liability in Poland, is subject to income tax following the same 
general principles as those which apply to any other income received from business activity within the 
same source of income. In principle, the income (revenue) from the Notes, including their transfer 
against a consideration, should be regarded as revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b.1 of the CIT Act). 
In the case of insurers, banks and some other entities (financial institutions), this revenue is included in 
revenues other than revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b.2 of the CIT Act). 
As a rule, for Polish income tax purposes, interest is recognised as revenue on a cash basis, i.e. when it 
is received and not when it has accrued. Revenue from a transfer of securities against a consideration is 
in principle their value expressed in the price specified in the contract. According to Art. 14 of the CIT 
Act, if the price expressed in the contract, without a valid reason, significantly deviates from the market 
value, the revenue amount is determined by the tax authority in the amount of the market value. In the 
case of income from the transfer of securities against a consideration, tax deductible costs are generally 
recognised when the corresponding revenue has been achieved. The taxpayer itself (without the 
remitter's participation) settles income tax on interest/discount and on the transfer of securities against 
a consideration, which is settled along with other income from the taxpayer's business activity within 
the same source of income. 
Under Art. 19 of the CIT Act, the appropriate tax rate is 19 per cent. for a regular corporate income 
taxpayer or 9 per cent. for small taxpayers with revenues not exceeding EUR 2 million in a tax year 
(with certain exceptions listed in Art. 19.1a-1e of the CIT Act), taking into consideration the appropriate 
source of income (the lower rate does not apply to incomes classified as capital incomes – Article 7b of 
the CIT Act). 
Although, in principle, Polish corporate income taxpayers, should not be subject to Polish withholding 
tax, such tax may be withheld in practice, given the specific rules applying to interest income on 
securities held in Omnibus Accounts, under Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, the tax remitter (i.e. the entity 
operating the Omnibus Accounts, according to Art. 26.2b of the CIT Act) should withhold full 20 per 
cent. tax from interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in 
Omnibus Accounts, whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act 
on Trading in Financial Instruments. If such tax is withheld for a Polish tax resident corporate income 
taxpayer, to discuss a refund of such tax, the entity should contact its tax advisor. 
Any withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which have not concluded any tax 
treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher than the tax calculated

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
in accordance with the applicable domestic tax rate, can be deducted from the Polish tax liability. 
Double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements (Art. 20.1 of the CIT Act). 
Notes held by a non-Polish tax resident (individual or a corporate income taxpayer) 
Under Art. 3.2a of the PIT Act, natural persons, if they do not reside in Poland, are liable to pay tax 
only on income (revenue) earned in Poland (limited obligation to pay tax).  
Under Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act, in the case of taxpayers who do not have their registered office or 
management in Poland, only the income they earn in Poland is subject to tax obligation in Poland. 
Non-Polish residents are subject to Polish income tax only with respect to their income earned in Poland. 
Under Art. 3.3 of the CIT Act, income (revenues) earned in Poland by non-residents shall include in 
particular income (revenues) from: 
(a) 
all types of activities pursued in Poland, including through a foreign establishment located in 
Poland; 
(b) 
immovable property located in Poland or rights to such property, including from its disposal in 
whole or in part, or from the disposal of any rights to such property; 
(c) 
Notes and derivatives other than Notes, admitted to public trading Poland as part of the 
regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from the disposal of these Notes or 
derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them; 
(d) 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a partnership 
without legal personality, participation in an investment fund or a collective investment 
undertaking, or other legal entity and rights of similar character or from receivables being a 
consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations, participation or rights, if at least 
50 per cent. of the value of assets of this company, partnership, investment fund, collective 
investment undertaking or legal entity is constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable 
property located in Poland, or rights to such immovable property; 
(e) 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar rights in 
a real estate company (as defined in the CIT Act); 
(f) 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by natural 
persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their place of 
residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of Poland, irrespective of the 
place of concluding or performing the agreement; and 
(g) 
unrealised gains referred to in the exit tax regulations chapter. 
Similar provisions are included in Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act. 
It should be noted that the list of incomes (revenues) gained in Poland, as provided in Art. 3.3. of the 
CIT Act and Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act is not exhaustive, therefore, other income (revenues) may also be 
considered as earned in Poland. 
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a Polish tax 
resident from the Notes is considered to be income sourced in Poland. However, since the Issuer is a 
Polish entity, income from the Notes should be considered as earned in Poland.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
Special exemption for Notes meeting special conditions 
Corporate income tax 
Under Art. 17.1.50c of the CIT Act, there is a tax exemption (the Special Exemption) applicable to 
income earned by a CIT taxpayer subject to limited tax liability in Poland in respect of interest or a 
discount on securities: 
(a) 
having a maturity of at least one year; and 
(b) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or introduced into an alternative trading system within 
the meaning of the Act of 29 July 2005 on Trading in Financial Instruments, in the territory of 
Poland or in the territory of a state that is a party to a double tax convention concluded with 
Poland which regulates the taxation of income from dividends, interest and royalties, 
(c) 
unless the taxpayer is an Affiliated Entity of the issuer of such securities, and holds, directly or 
indirectly, together with other Affiliated Entities, more than 10 per cent. of the nominal value 
of those securities. 
Under Art. 26.1aa and 1ae of the CIT Act, remitters are not obliged to withhold tax on interest or 
discount in respect of the Notes eligible for Special Exemption, provided that the issuer submits to the 
tax authority a declaration that it has acted with due diligence in informing Affiliated Entities (excluding 
entities whose Affiliations result solely from connections with the Polish State Treasury or local 
government units or their associations), about the exemption conditions applying to those Affiliated 
Entities (the Remittance Exemption). 
According to Art. 26.1af of the CIT Act, the declaration referred to above is submitted once in relation 
to a given Notes issue, no later than the date of payment of interest or discount on these securities. At 
the payer's request, the issuer is obliged to confirm its submission (Art. 26.1ag of the CIT Act). 
The declaration is submitted in electronic form corresponding to the logical structure available in the 
Public Information Bulletin on the website of the office serving the minister responsible for public 
finances (Art. 26.7j of the CIT Act). 
Personal income tax 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax (Art. 21.1.130c and Art. 41.24-27 of the PIT Act), 
with certain differences. 
From 1 January 2024, besides interest (discount) and income from disposal of securities for 
remuneration, a new category of income has been introduced: income from the issuer's redemption of 
bonds on which periodic benefits are due (Art. 17.1.3a of the PIT Act), however, the scope of the 
exemption for non-residents has not been amended. 
Therefore there is a risk that the prevailing argumentation may be that the exemption under Art. 
21.1.130) of the PIT Act does not cover income from redemption of the Notes by the issuer. This income 
is calculated as the difference between the amount obtained from the redemption of bonds together with 
the benefits obtained for the last period before the redemption of these bonds and the expenses incurred 
for acquiring or purchasing these bonds on the primary or secondary market by the taxpayer or the 
testator (excluding expenses on acquisition of benefits that are not taxable) (Art. 24.24 of the PIT Act). 
Under Art. 30a.7 of the PIT Act, income from the issuer's redemption of bonds on which periodic 
benefits are due does not cumulate with general income subject to the progressive tax rate, but under 
Article 30a.1.2a of the PIT Act it is subject to tax at a flat rate of 19 per cent. The above provisions shall

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
apply taking into account double tax treaties to which the Republic of Poland is a party. However, the 
application of the tax rate resulting from the relevant double taxation avoidance agreement or failure to 
collect (failure to pay) tax in accordance with such an agreement is possible provided that the taxpayer's 
place of residence is documented for tax purposes with a residence certificate obtained from him (Art. 
30a.2 of the PIT Act). 
Remittance exemption similar to Remittance Exemption applies under Art. 41.24 of the PIT Act, except 
that under PIT regulations, there is a risk that the prevailing view may be that the exemption does not 
cover income from the issuer's redemption of bonds on which periodic benefits are due. Also, tax 
remitters other than the Issuer are obliged to withhold tax on interest payments remitted to Polish tax 
resident individuals. 
It must be noted that under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest 
transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose 
identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial 
Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income 
(revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. 
Therefore, if the entities operating Omnibus Accounts acting as tax remitters are not able to identify the 
natural person i.e. whether it is or not tax resident in Poland, they may withhold tax at full rate on 
income from Notes that would otherwise be eligible for the Special Exemption. 
Failure to meet the conditions for the Special Exemption 
If the Special Exemption does not apply, the following rules apply. 
In principle, regarding taxpayers subject to limited tax liability in Poland, interest (discount) on the 
Notes earned in Poland is taxed at a flat rate of 20% in the case of corporate income tax payers (Art. 
21.1.1 of the CIT Act) or 19% in the case of natural persons (Art. 30a.1.2 of the PIT Act).  
Under Art. 26.1 of the CIT Act, interest payers, other than individuals not acting within the scope of 
their business activity, should withhold this tax. When verifying the conditions for the application of a 
withholding tax rate, exemption or the conditions for the non-collection of tax resulting from special 
provisions or double tax treaties, the remitter must exercise due diligence. When assessing the exercise 
of due diligence, the nature and scale of activity conducted by the remitter as well as its Affiliation with 
the taxpayer must be taken into account. According to Art. 26.7 of the CIT Act, a payment for the 
purposes of Art. 26.1 of the CIT Act shall mean a discharge of a liability in any form, including by 
payment, deduction or capitalisation of interest. Similar provisions are provided in Art. 41.4-4aa of the 
PIT Act. 
Under Art. 26.2c.1 and Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts and Omnibus 
Accounts for taxpayers, acting as tax remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest 
income (revenue) was earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in said accounts, and 
the interest payment to the taxpayer is made through said entities. Although it is considered that foreign 
entities do not act as Polish tax remitters, according to the discussed provision, this obligation applies 
to non-residents to the extent they operate a permanent establishment in Poland and the account, on 
which securities are registered, is linked to the activity of this permanent establishment. Similar 
provisions concerning interest payments to individuals are provided in Art. 41.4d and 41.10 of the PIT 
Act. It is not entirely clear whether the Issuer should or should not withhold the tax if the entity operating 
the securities of Omnibus Account does not act as a tax remitter (i.e. is a foreign tax resident not acting 
through a Polish permanent establishment). 
The described rules of taxation may be modified by the relevant provisions of double tax treaties 
concluded by Poland, based on which a reduced tax rate or income tax exemption may apply to income

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
(revenue) obtained from interest/discount (Art. 21.2 of the CIT Act, Art. 30a.2 of the PIT Act). To 
benefit from the tax rate or income tax exemption under the tax treaty, the taxpayer should present a 
valid certificate of its tax residency. As a rule, unless validity date is not included in the certificate itself, 
the tax residency certificate is considered valid for twelve consecutive months from its date of issue. 
Given that tax remitters must preserve due diligence in verification of any tax relief conditions, they 
may require additional documentation in order to be able to apply double tax treaty benefits described 
above, such as the confirmation of the recipient's beneficial owner status towards the interest payments.  
Moreover, tax treaties provide protection only for beneficial owners. Pursuant to Art. 4a.29 of the CIT 
Act and, respectively, Art. 5a.33d of the PIT Act, beneficial owner means an entity meeting all of the 
following conditions: 
(a) 
it receives the amount due for its own benefit, which includes deciding independently about its 
purpose, and bears the economic risk associated with the loss of that receivable or part of it; 
(b) 
it is not an intermediary, representative, trustee, or another entity obliged to transfer the 
receivable in whole or in part to another entity; and 
(c) 
if the receivables are obtained in connection with the conducted business activity, it conducts 
actual business activity in the country of its registration (country of domiciliation in case of the 
PIT Act); when assessing whether the entity conducts actual business activity, the nature and 
scale of such activity in the scope of received receivables are taken into account. 
Although the definition of the beneficial owner no longer refers to and Art. 24a.18 of the CIT Act and 
Art. 30f.20 of the PIT Act, those are the only places in the income tax legislation where actual business 
activity is defined. Therefore, it cannot be ruled out that factors listed there will be taken into account 
by the tax authorities in determining beneficial ownership status. Those factors include: 
(a) 
the business activity carried out by the taxpayer is performed through an existing enterprise that 
actually performs activities constituting an economic activity; in particular, it possesses 
premises, qualified personnel and equipment used for performing business activity; 
(b) 
the taxpayer does not create artificial arrangement without a connection with any business 
activity; 
(c) 
the taxpayer's actual premises, its personnel or equipment correspond to the scope of its actual 
business activity; 
(d) 
the agreements concluded by the taxpayer are realistic in economic terms, they have economic 
justification and they are not noticeably contrary to the general business interest of the taxpayer; 
and 
(e) 
the taxpayer carries out its business functions independently, using its own resources, including 
managers who are present in the country of taxpayer's tax residency. 
The majority of double tax treaties concluded by Poland provide for an exemption from income tax on 
capital gains, including income from the sale of securities obtained in Poland by a tax resident of a 
given country. The interest treatment differs under particular double tax treaties, some of them 
providing for general exemption, limiting the exemption to certain categories of recipients or providing 
for a reduced rate of tax (which may also vary depending on the recipient). 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts. Also, in cases 
where Polish withholding tax should not apply on interest payable to non-Polish tax residents (natural 
persons or corporate income taxpayers), under specific rules applicable to interest income on securities

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
held in Omnibus Accounts there is a risk that such tax would be withheld. Under Art. 26.2a of the CIT 
Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to 
securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in 
accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by 
the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers 
through the Omnibus Account holder. Under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income 
(revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in 
Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act 
on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the 
aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account 
holder. If such tax is withheld for non-Polish tax resident taxpayers, to receive a refund of such tax, the 
entity should contact its tax advisor. 
If a person or an entity subject to limited tax liability in Poland acts through a permanent establishment 
in Poland to which income is related, as a matter of principle provisions of law should apply that are 
analogous to taxpayers subject to unlimited tax liability in Poland, with some necessary additional 
requirements (e.g. the requirement to present the interest payer with a certificate of tax residence along 
with a declaration that the interest is related to the establishment's activities). 
Pay & Refund 
In addition to the rules set out above, in the event of failure to meet the conditions for a Foreign Tax 
Residents Exemption, the following regime applies on payments to Affiliated Entities. 
Corporate income tax 
Under Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act, if the total amount paid out between Affiliated Entities on account of 
the items listed in Art. 21.1.1 of the CIT Act (including interest/discount on securities) and Art. 22.1 of 
the CIT Act (including dividends) to the same taxpayer exceeds PLN 2,000,000 in a 12 months long 
tax year of the payer, payers are, as a general rule, required to withhold, on the day of payment, a flat-
rate income tax at the basic rate (20 per cent. in the case of interest/discount on securities) from the 
excess over that amount, without being able not to withhold that tax on the basis of an appropriate 
double tax treaty, and also without taking into account exemptions or rates resulting from special 
regulations or double tax treaties (the Pay & Refund). 
Under Art. 26.2i and 26.2j of the CIT Act, if the payer's tax year is longer or shorter than 12 months, 
the amount to which the Pay & Refund applies is calculated by multiplying 1/12 of PLN 2,000,000 and 
the number of months that have begun in the tax year in which the payment was made; if the calculation 
of that amount is not possible by reference to the payer's tax year, the Pay & Refund shall apply 
accordingly to the payer's current financial year and, in its absence, with respect to the payer's other 
period with features specific to the financial year, not longer however than 23 consecutive months. 
Based on Art. 26.2ca of the CIT Act, the entities making payments through securities accounts or 
Omnibus Accounts are obliged to provide the entities maintaining these accounts, at least 7 days before 
the payment is made, with information about the existence of Affiliations between them and the 
taxpayer and about exceeding the amount of PLN 2,000,000. Entities providing this information are 
required to update it before making the payment in the event of a change in the circumstances covered 
by the information. In addition, in accordance with Art. 26.2ed of the CIT Act, in the circumstances 
referred to in section 2c, the excess amount and the existence of Affiliations will be determined by the 
entity keeping securities accounts or Omnibus Account. The entity keeping securities accounts or 
omnibus accounts does not take into consideration the amounts of payments on which tax was collected 
in accordance with Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
Under Art. 26.2k of the CIT Act, if the payment was made in a foreign currency, to determine whether 
the amount to which the Pay & Refund applies was exceeded, the amounts paid are converted into PLN 
at the average exchange rate published by the NBP on the last business day preceding the payment day. 
Under Art. 26.2l of the CIT Act, if it is not possible to determine the amount paid to the same taxpayer, 
it is presumed that it exceeded the amount from which the Pay & Refund applies. 
Under Art. 26.7a of the CIT Act, the Pay & Refund does not apply if the payer has declared that: 
(a) 
it holds the documents required by the tax law for the application of the tax rate or tax exemption 
or non-taxation under special regulations or double tax treaties; 
(b) 
after the verification of the conditions to apply an exemption or reduced withholding tax rate 
resulting from special regulations or double tax treaties, it is not aware of any grounds for the 
assumption that there are circumstances that exclude the possibility of applying the tax rate or 
tax exemption or non-taxation under special regulations or double tax treaties, in particular it is 
not aware of the existence of circumstances preventing the fulfilment of certain conditions 
referred to in other regulations, including the fact that the interest/discount recipient is their 
beneficial owner and, if the interest/discount is obtained in connection with the business activity 
conducted by the taxpayer, that in the country of tax residence the taxpayer carries on the actual 
business activity. 
The above is to be declared by the head of the unit within the meaning of the Accounting Act or a 
designated member of such head being a collegiate body (e.g. the Issuer's management board). The 
declaration cannot be made by proxy. The declaration is to be made by in electronic form not later than 
on the last day of the second month following the payment of the tax to the tax office for the month in 
which the threshold specified above was exceeded, however, the performance of this obligation after 
the payment is made does not release the payer from the obligation to exercise due diligence before the 
payment is made. (Art. 26.7b and 26.7c of the CIT Act). 
In the case of withholding tax being a result of the Pay & Refund, if double tax treaties or special 
regulations provide for a tax exemption or reduced tax rate, the taxpayer or tax remitter (if the taxpayer 
has paid tax with its own funds and has borne the economic burden of such tax, e.g. as a result of a 
gross-up clause) may apply for a refund of that tax by submitting the relevant documents and 
declarations. When recognizing that the refund is justified, the tax authorities shall carry it out within 
six months. 
The Pay & Refund does not apply in the case of the Notes meeting conditions for the Remittance 
Exemption above. 
Pursuant to the Regulation of the Minister of Finance dated 28 December 2022 regarding the exclusion 
of the obligation to collect flat-rate corporate income tax (the Regulation), in respect of securities held 
on securities accounts or Omnibus Accounts, until 31 December 2024 the application of the Pay & 
Refund regime is excluded to interest payable to taxpayers having their registered office or management 
outside the territory of the Republic of Poland. 
Personal income tax 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax, including Art. 41.12 of the PIT Act which provides 
for an analogous Pay & Refund, while the Regulation of the Minister of Finance of 28 December 2022 
on exclusion of tax withholding obligation is the equivalent of the Regulation. It should be noted, 
however, that the scope of the Remittance Exemption under PIT is different than under CIT.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
Withholding taxation of certain payments made to tax havens 
Based on Art. 26.1m of the CIT Act, if a tax remitter makes a payment on account of certain capital 
profits (e.g. revenues from financial instruments, including interest and capital gains) to a corporate 
entity resident for tax purposes in a tax haven, such tax remitter is obliged to withhold tax at 19 per 
cent. rate calculated from the amount being paid out. 
The list of the tax havens is included in the Regulation of the Minister of Finance from 28 March 2019 
on identifying the countries and territories applying harmful tax competition for corporate taxation 
purposes. 
Tax on civil law transactions 
Neither an issuance of Notes nor redemption of Notes is subject to the tax on civil law transactions 
(PCC). 
Under Art. 1.1.1.a of the Tax on Civil Law Transactions Act dated 9 September 2000 (the PCC Act), 
agreements for the sale or exchange of assets or proprietary rights are subject to tax on civil law 
transactions. The Notes should be considered as representing proprietary rights. Transactions are 
taxable if their subjects are: 
(a) 
assets located in Poland or proprietary rights exercisable in Poland; 
(b) 
assets located abroad or proprietary rights exercisable abroad if the acquirer's place of residence 
or registered office is located in Poland and the civil law transaction was carried out in Poland. 
PCC on the sale of the Notes (which, as a rule, are considered to be rights) is 1 per cent. of their market 
value and is payable by the purchaser within 14 days after the sale agreement is entered into. If the 
exchange agreement is concluded, the tax is payable jointly and severally by both parties to the 
agreement. However, if such agreement has been entered into in notarial form, the tax due should be 
withheld and paid by the notary public. 
However, under Art. 9.9 of the PCC Act, a PCC exemption applies to the sale of property rights being 
financial instruments (including the Notes): 
(a) 
to investment firms or foreign investment firms; 
(b) 
with the intermediation of investment firms or foreign investment firms; 
(c) 
through organised trading; or 
(d) 
outside organised trading by investment firms or foreign investment firms if the proprietary 
rights were acquired by those firms through organised trading (within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments). 
Moreover, in accordance with Art. 1a.5 and 1a.7 in connection with Art. 2.4 of the PCC Act, the PCC 
exemption applies to sale or exchange agreements concerning Notes: 
(a) 
to the extent that they are taxed with the VAT in Poland or in another EU Member State or 
EEA; or 
(b) 
when at least one of the parties to the transaction is exempt from VAT in Poland or in another 
EU Member State or EEA on account of that particular transaction.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
Remitter's liability 
Under Art. 30 of the Tax Code dated 29 August 1997, a tax remitter failing to fulfil its duty to calculate, 
withhold or pay tax to a relevant tax authority is liable for the tax that has not been withheld or that has 
been withheld but not paid, up to the value of all its assets. The tax remitter is not liable if specific 
provisions provide otherwise or if tax has not been withheld due to the taxpayer's fault. In such case, 
the relevant tax authority will issue a decision concerning the taxpayer's liability. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign 
passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including 
Poland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an 
IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments 
that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such 
as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to 1 January 2019 and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. 
federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published generally would be "grandfathered" for 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional 
notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Further Issues") that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period 
and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including 
the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under 
FATCA. Noteholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to 
their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Santander, S.A. and 
any other dealer appointed from time to time (the Dealers). The arrangements under which Notes may 
from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in an 
amended and restated Dealer Agreement dated 13 September 2024 (the Dealer Agreement) and made 
between the Issuer and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is 
an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and 
subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as 
"Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material 
to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be). If in the case of any Tranche of 
Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that 
Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the 
relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other 
interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the 
appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as 
Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms (or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be). 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the 
relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions 
or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. 
The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing 
Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
The Dealers will be entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their 
obligations in respect of a proposed issue of Notes under or pursuant to the Dealer Agreement prior to 
the closing of the issue of such Notes, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not 
delivered or do not meet their satisfaction on or before the issue date of such Notes. In this situation, 
the issuance of such Notes may not be completed and investors will have no rights against the Issuer, 
or the relevant Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which 
it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, 
any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Programme Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Programme Circular as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member 
State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the EU Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer 
or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in sub-paragraphs (A) to (C) above shall require the 
relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Programme Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", in relation to the UK, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Programme 
Circular as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK, except that it may 
make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does 
not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act). 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold 
and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident 
of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or 
other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act and other relevant laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Poland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that the Notes will be offered in Poland in a manner which will not 
require publication of a prospectus or an information memorandum drawn up in accordance with EU 
Prospectus Regulation and the Act on Public Offering, Conditions Governing the Introduction of 
Financial Instruments to Organised Trading, and Public Companies of 29 July 2005, as further 
amended.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused any Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and it will not offer or sell any Notes or cause any Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, and it has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, 
or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (as amended, the SFA)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that, to the best of its knowledge, it has 
complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or 
from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other 
persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and 
the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from 
which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating 
to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer 
be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the resolution of the Management Board of the 
Issuer passed on 30 May 2018. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Except for the lawsuits concerning the CHF Mortgage Loans (for further detail see Litigation – Disputes 
relating to CHF Mortgage Loans), there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which 
may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
Significant/material change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023, nor 
any significant change in the financial performance of the Issuer and its subsidiaries since the end of 
the last financial period, 30 June 2024. 
Independent Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Polska spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością Audyt sp. k., with its 
registered office in Warsaw at ul. Polna 11, 00-633 Warsaw, Poland, audited the consolidated financial 
statements of the Group for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and issued 
unqualified auditor's opinions on the aforementioned financial statements. PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Polska spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością Audyt sp. k. audited the standalone financial 
statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and, issued 
unqualified opinions on the aforementioned financial statements. The standalone financial statements 
of the Bank audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Polska spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością 
Audyt sp. k. are not incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference. 
The unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements of the Group for the six-months 
period ended 30 June 2024, which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus have been 
reviewed by PricewaterhouseCoopers Polska spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością Audyt sp. k., 
independent auditors, as stated in the review report incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
With respect to the unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements of the Group for the 
six-months period ended 30 June 2024, PricewaterhouseCoopers Polska spółka z ograniczoną 
odpowiedzialnością Audyt sp. k., independent auditors, have reported that they applied limited 
procedures in accordance with professional standards for a review of such information. However, their 
separate report states that they did not audit and they do not express an opinion on that interim financial 
information. Accordingly, the degree of reliance on their report on such information should be restricted 
in light of the limited nature of the review procedures applied.  
PricewaterhouseCoopers Polska spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością Audyt sp. k. is registered in 
the register of auditors held by the Polish Chamber of Statutory Auditors (Polska Izba Biegłych 
Rewidentów) under no. 144. On behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers Polska spółka z ograniczoną 
odpowiedzialnością Audyt sp. k., the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 
31 December 2022 were audited by Agnieszka Accordi (certified auditor, licence No. 11665), and the 
consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 were audited and 
unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements of the Group for the six-months period 
ended 30 June 2024 were reviewed, by Tomasz Drzewiecki (certified auditor, licence No. 13488).

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
Documents on display 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations where the original documents 
are not in English) may be inspected during normal business hours at the offices of Principal Paying 
Agent for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus and on the Issuer's website: 
https://www.santander.pl/en/investor-relations/issuances  
(a) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus along with any supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(b) 
the Articles of Association (Statut) of the Issuer; 
(c) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the years ended 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2023; 
(d) 
the auditors' reports in respect of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for 
the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023; 
(e) 
the Agency Agreement; and 
(f) 
the Dealer Agreement. 
Material contracts 
There are no contracts having been entered into outside the ordinary course of any of the Issuer's or any 
of its subsidiaries' businesses, which are, or may be, material and contain provisions under which the 
Issuer or any of its subsidiaries has an obligation or entitlement which is, or may be, material to the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), Financial 
Instrument Short Name (FISN) and Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code (as applicable) 
in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final 
Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance 
together with any further appropriate information. 
Issue price and yield 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of determining 
the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of 
different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the 
period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of 
the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest 
payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the 
relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication 
of future yield.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
Credit Ratings 
In accordance with Fitch's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on Fitch's 
website, a long-term rating of "BBB" indicates that expectations of default risk are currently low. The 
capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered adequate, but adverse business or 
economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. 
In accordance with Moody's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
Moody's website, a senior unsecured rating of "A" indicates obligations that are judged to be upper-
medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 259400LGXW3K0GDAG361. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to 
trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Santander Bank Polska S.A. 
al. Jana Pawła II 17 
00-854 Warsaw 
Poland 
 
ARRANGER 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar, planta baja, 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, 
Madrid, 
Spain 
 
ISSUE AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4A 4LA 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building - Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law: 
To the Issuer as to Polish law: 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling, A. Pędzich sp. k. 
ul. Grzybowska 56 
00-844 Warsaw 
Poland 
 
 
To the Arranger and Dealers as to English law: 
To the Arranger and Dealers as to Polish law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Clifford Chance 
Janicka, Krużewski, Stosio i wspólnicy Sp.k. 
Norway House 
Ul. Lwowska 19 
00-660 Warsaw 
Poland 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS  
TO THE ISSUER 
LISTING AGENT(S) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Polska  
spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością Audyt sp. k. 
ul. Polna 11 
00-633 Warsaw 
Poland 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Centre 
Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 
Ireland