--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
SATO CORPORATION 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Finland) 
EUR 2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this EUR 2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), SATO Corporation (the "Issuer" or "SATO") may from time 
to time issue notes ("Notes") on an unsubordinated basis. Notes may be issued in bearer and/or registered form (respectively "Bearer Notes" and 
"Registered Notes") each denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the Dealers (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an 
endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "EU MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for the Notes issued under the Programme 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on its regulated 
market (the "Regulated Market"). The Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II. This Base 
Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available 
under Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank has neither approved nor reviewed information contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. Any website referred to in this document does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank. 
The Issuer has a corporate rating of BBB from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated 
by S&P. S&P is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). S&P appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 14 June 2024) on the ESMA website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute 
a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a 
benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmark Regulation is 
a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change 
in the registration status of the administrator. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" beginning on page 5 of this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. 
Arranger 
Nordea 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
Barclays 
Danske Bank 
Deutsche Bank 
Nordea 
OP Corporate Bank 
SEB 
Swedbank 
 
14 June 2024

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for This Base Prospectus 
SATO Corporation (the "Issuer") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and any Final Terms and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely 
to affect its import. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus includes certain financial measures, which, in accordance with the "Alternative 
Performance Measures" guidelines issued by ESMA, are not accounting measures defined or specified in 
the International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") and are, therefore, considered alternative 
performance measures. These alternative performance measures are: 
Net rental income, which is defined as rental income less property maintenance and reparation expenses 
and ground rents*; 
Return on investment percentage; 
Equity ratio percentage; 
Return on equity percentage; 
Earnings per share; 
Equity per share; 
Operational earnings; 
Net asset value; and 
Cash earnings. 
 
 
* 
Due to adoption of the new "IFRS 16 – Leases" standard, ground rents are no longer part of the net rental income formula since 
the beginning of the 2019 financial period. SATO applies "IFRS 16 – Leases" using the modified retrospective application, 
therefore comparison year data is not restated in its reporting. 
 
Detailed calculation formulas of the alternative performance measures can be found in the 2023 Financial 
Statements, which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
SATO presents alternative performance measures as additional information to financial measures presented 
in the consolidated income statement, consolidated statement of financial position and consolidated 
statement of cash flows prepared in accordance with IFRS. As rental income from apartments comprises a 
significant part of the profitability and cash flows of SATO's business operations, SATO believes that net 
rental income and net rental income percentage of apartments provide meaningful supplemental 
information to the financial measures presented in the consolidated income statement prepared in 
accordance with IFRS. SATO presents equity ratio and return on equity as complementing measures, which 
are, in SATO's view, useful measures of SATO's ability to obtain financing and service its debts. In 
addition, cash earnings provides additional information on cash flow generated by SATO's operations and 
operational earnings provides additional information on profit generated by SATO's rental operations. 
Alternative performance measures are not accounting measures defined or specified in IFRS and, therefore, 
they are considered non-IFRS measures which should not be viewed in isolation or as a substitute to the 
IFRS financial measures. Companies do not calculate alternative performance measures in a uniform way 
and, therefore, the alternative performance measures presented in this Base Prospectus may not be 
comparable with similarly named measures presented by other companies. Furthermore, these alternative 
performance measures may not be indicative of SATO's historical results of operations and are not meant 
to be predictive of potential future results. The alternative performance measures presented in this Base

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
 
Prospectus are unaudited. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on the alternative performance 
measures presented in this Base Prospectus. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called 
final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown 
Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. Copies of the Final 
Terms in relation to the Notes to be listed on the Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com). 
Other Relevant Information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche 
of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the 
context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base 
Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale 
of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not 
omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in 
the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material 
respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
The Issuer confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party source, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Unauthorised Information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in or incorporated into this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. The Dealers and any of their 
respective affiliates also do not accept any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other 
person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. Neither the 
delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in 
any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true 
subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any 
adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if 
later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any environmental assessment of any Notes issued as 
Green Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
 
 
investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or similar label (including in relation to 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the 
"EU Taxonomy Regulation") and any related technical screening criteria, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on 
European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for 
sustainability-linked bonds (which was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 30 
November 2023 and will apply from 21 December 2024) (the "EU Green Bond Regulation"), Regulation 
(EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector ("SFDR") and any 
implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom) or any 
requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time. None of the Dealers is responsible for 
the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of 
proceeds. S&P Global Ratings ("S&P") has issued an independent opinion (the "Second Party Opinion"), 
dated 6 March 2023, on the Issuer's green finance framework (the "Green Finance Framework"). The 
Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not 
intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without 
limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party 
Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. The Second Party Opinion is not, nor should be 
deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes. No 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party 
Opinion or any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by any Dealer to 
buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not, nor 
should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers, or any other person to buy, sell or hold any 
Notes and is current only as of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis 
of the Second Party Opinion or any such other opinion or certification may change at any time and the 
Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn at any time. 
Any withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of any Green Bonds in respect of which such opinion or certification is given 
and /or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities 
to be used for a particular purpose. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of 
any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. The Issuer's Green Finance 
Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, 
replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description 
given in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's Green Finance Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any 
other such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base 
Prospectus. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green" 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or 
assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the 
lifetime of the Notes. 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings 
may differ. The Issuer's ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or 
financial performance, or any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates on 
which they were initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any 
such ESG ratings information contained in this Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment 
decision. Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Dealers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to 
any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. For 
more information regarding the evaluation methodologies used to determine ESG ratings, please refer to 
the relevant ratings agency's website (which website does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by 
reference in, this Base Prospectus). 
Restrictions on Distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. The Dealers do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
 
 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any distribution or offering when that may be 
restricted. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by 
the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description 
of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale" and 
"Transfer Restrictions". 
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer 
form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes 
in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE NOTES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR 
DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE 
SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR 
ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY OFFERING OF NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR 
ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY 
IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
 
 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Programme Limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed EUR 2,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement)). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain Definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the EEA. References to "UK" are references to the United Kingdom. References to 
"EUR", "€" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on 
the introduction of the euro, as amended, references to "GBP" or "pounds sterling" are to the lawful 
currency for the time being of the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland, references to "SEK" or "Swedish 
krona" are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Sweden, references to "NOK" and "Norwegian 
kroner" are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Norway, references to "DKK" or "Danish kroner" 
are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Denmark, references to "rouble" are to the lawful currency 
of Russia and references to "U.S.$", "USD" and "U.S. dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United 
States. References to "billions" are to thousands of millions. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the Regulation (EU)

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
 
 
No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
The Notes May Not Be a Suitable Investment for All Investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks.

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", 
"expect", "plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", 
"continue" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements 
other than statements of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those 
regarding the financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations 
of the Issuer are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and 
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the Issuer's actual results, performance or 
achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these 
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions 
regarding the Issuer's present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer expects 
to operate in the future. Factors that might affect such forward-looking statements include, among other 
things, overall business and government regulatory conditions; changes in tariff and tax requirements 
(including tax rate changes, new tax laws and revised tax law interpretations); interest rate fluctuations and 
other capital market conditions, including foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; economic and 
political conditions in the Republic of Finland; and the timing, impact and other uncertainties of future 
actions. Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially 
include, but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors". 
Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Issuer speak only as at the date they are made. 
The Issuer is not obliged to, and does not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking statements made 
in this Base Prospectus whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All subsequent 
written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Issuer, or persons acting on its behalf, are 
expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in this Base Prospectus. As a 
result of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, a prospective purchaser of the Notes should not place 
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.

--- Page 9 ---
- ix - 
 
 
MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus contains information about the Group's markets and the Group's competitive position 
therein. Where such information contained in this Base Prospectus has been derived from third-party 
sources, the name of the source is given herein. 
While the Issuer has accurately reproduced such third-party information, neither the Issuer, nor the Dealers 
have verified the accuracy of such information, market data or other information on which third parties 
have based their studies. As far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by 
these third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. Moreover, market studies are frequently based on information and assumptions that may not 
be exact or appropriate, and their methodology is by nature forward-looking and speculative. 
This Base Prospectus also contains estimates regarding the market position of the Group that cannot be 
gathered from publications by market research institutions or any other independent sources. Such 
information is prepared by the Issuer based on third-party sources and the Issuer's own internal estimates. 
In many cases, there is no publicly available information on such market data, for example from industry 
associations, public authorities or other organisations and institutions. The Issuer believes that the Group's 
estimates of market data and information derived therefrom are helpful in order to give investors a better 
understanding of the industry in which it operates, as well as its position within this industry. Although the 
Issuer believes that its internal market observations are fair estimates, they are not reviewed or verified by 
any external experts and the Issuer cannot guarantee that a third-party expert using different methods would 
obtain or generate the same results.

--- Page 10 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................... 2 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 6 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................... 24 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ..................................................................... 26 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................... 27 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................... 31 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 82 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .............. 96 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................... 98 
GREEN FINANCE FRAMEWORK ..................................................................................................... 99 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP ............................................................ 100 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND OPERATING DATA ............................................ 120 
MANAGEMENT ............................................................................................................................... 123 
SHAREHOLDERS ............................................................................................................................ 128 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................... 129 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................ 131 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 135 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS .......................................................................................................... 137

--- Page 11 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base 
Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of the Base 
Prospectus as a whole and the information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to the terms 
and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer .......................................  
SATO Corporation 
Programme Amount ...............  
Up to EUR 2,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding 
at any one time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Arranger ..................................  
Nordea Bank Abp (the "Arranger") 
Description ..............................  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Dealers .....................................  
BNP Paribas, Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Danske Bank A/S, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Nordea Bank Abp, OP 
Corporate Bank plc, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
and Swedbank AB (publ) (together with the Arranger, the 
"Dealers") 
Distribution .............................  
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis 
Trustee.....................................  
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the "Trustee") 
Principal Paying Agent ...........  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch (the "Principal Paying Agent") 
Registrar ..................................  
Citibank Europe Plc (the "Registrar") 
Currencies ...............................  
Notes may be denominated in Euros or in any other currency or 
currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Method of Issue .......................  
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on the same or different issue dates. The 
Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except 
that the issue date, the issue price, the amount of the first payment 
of interest and the principal amount issued may be different in 
respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all 
be subject to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may 
comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Denominations.........................  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements), save that the minimum denomination 
of each Note will be Euro 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other 
currency). 
Maturities ................................  
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements.

--- Page 12 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
Listing and Trading ................  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued 
under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date 
of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. 
Status of the Notes ...................  
The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to Condition 5(a) (Covenants – Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari 
passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions 
of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus ................................  
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (1) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (2) 
pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes will be the Conditions 
as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, as 
supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
Issue Price ................................  
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Interest .....................................  
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a combination 
thereof and the method of calculating interest may vary between the 
issue date and the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Forms of Notes .........................  
Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in 
registered form ("Registered Notes"). Bearer Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Registered Notes and Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes. No single Series or Tranche may 
comprise both Bearer Notes and Registered Notes. 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either 
a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note") or a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note"), in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms (each a "Global Note"). 
Each Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global 
note form ("NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note 
which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant 
issue date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. Certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to any 
exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any 
payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. 
 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-

--- Page 13 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for 
further Coupons. 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by either 
Individual Note Certificates or a Global Registered Note, in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global 
Registered Note which is not intended to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be registered in the name 
of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or 
about the issue date with the common depositary. Each Global 
Registered Note intended to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be registered 
in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on 
or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Cross Default ...........................  
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default clause. See 
Condition 13(e) (Events of Default – Cross-default). 
Covenants ................................  
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge, financial 
covenants and certain other covenants. See Condition 5 (Covenants). 
Redemption .............................  
The Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other redemption 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption ..............  
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of: 
(i) the Issuer (either in whole or in part); (ii) the Noteholders; or (iii) 
the Noteholders upon a Change of Control, in each case to the extent 
(if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption....................  
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons, as described in 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax 
reasons), or if the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes 
of the relevant Series is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate principal 
amount of such Series, as described in Condition 9(f) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Change of Control Put Option). 
Substitution of Issuer...............  
The Conditions provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of 
the Noteholders, agree to the substitution of any company in place 
of the Issuer as the principal debtor in relation to the Trust Deed and 
the Notes in the circumstances described in the Trust Deed and the 
Conditions. See Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders; 
Modification and Waiver; Substitution). 
Taxation ...................................  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of Finnish 
withholding taxes unless required by law. If such withholdings are 
required by Finnish law the Issuer will in certain circumstances pay 
certain additional amounts as described in, and subject to exceptions 
set out in, Condition 12 (Taxation). 
Clearing Systems .....................  
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg" and together with Euroclear,

--- Page 14 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
the "ICSDs") and/or, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other 
clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Risk Factors .............................  
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain 
risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Notes are 
discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Governing Law ........................  
The Notes, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Dealer 
Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection therewith, will be governed by English law. 
Ratings .....................................  
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable 
rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rating 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the Issuer 
or to Notes already issued. Whether or not each credit rating applied 
for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EU or UK and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer cannot assure 
investors that any such ratings will not change in the future. A rating 
reflects only the views of the relevant rating agency and is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Notes and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions ..................  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United 
States of America, the EEA, the United Kingdom and Finland, see 
"Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 15 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in Notes issued under the 
Programme, prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in 
the Notes, the business of the Issuer and the industry in which it operates together with all other information 
contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. Words and 
expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
have the same meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in any Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating 
to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently deems immaterial, may 
individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of 
operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes 
may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
The risk factors presented herein have been divided into six categories based on their nature. These 
categories are: 
• 
risks relating to macroeconomic conditions; 
• 
risks relating to SATO's business operations; 
• 
risks related to SATO's financing; 
• 
risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; 
• 
risks relating to Notes generally; and  
• 
risks related to the market generally. 
Within each category, the risk factor estimated to be the most material on the basis of an overall evaluation 
of the criteria set out in the Prospectus Regulation is presented first. However, the order in which the risk 
factors are presented after the first risk factor in each category is not intended to reflect either the relative 
probability or the potential impact of their materialisation. The order of the categories does not represent 
any evaluation of the materiality of the risk factors within that category, when compared to risk factors in 
another category. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
including any document incorporated by reference herein, and reach their own views, based upon their 
own judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary, 
prior to making any investment decision. 
Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in Notes issued under the Programme is suitable 
for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
Risks Relating to Macroeconomic Conditions 
Uncertain and volatile global financial market conditions may adversely affect SATO's operations. 
Global financial markets are currently experiencing, and have in the past experienced, disruptions, 
including increased volatility and diminished liquidity and credit availability, due to, for example, 
geopolitical conflicts, including those related to Ukraine, the Middle East, North Korea and the Taiwan 
Strait, political developments, such as the relationship between the UK and the EU, as well as pandemics, 
and general uncertainty. For example, since February 2022, following Russia's military actions in Ukraine, 
the United States, the EU and the UK, among others, have imposed several tranches of economic sanctions 
of unprecedented strength and width against Russia and also Belarus. As a counter action, Russia imposed 
several counter-sanctions and other measures hindering non-Russian business activities. The economic 
sanctions imposed on Russia and Russia's counter-sanctions or other retaliatory measures and the 
heightened tensions between Russia and the rest of Europe and the United States over events in Ukraine 
have had a material adverse effect on global financial market conditions and the economy. See also "—
Negative macroeconomic developments and conditions may affect SATO's operations and customers, as 
well as prices of SATO's real property." Such sanctions, or potential future sanctions, against Russia, or

--- Page 16 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
any Russian countermeasures could impact SATO's business and operations indirectly, even though SATO 
does not have any business activities in Russia anymore. So far, the biggest impacts have been related to a 
surge in energy and materials prices and challenges in supply chains. Any economic downturn characterised 
by declines in consumer and government spending, investment or construction activity may adversely affect 
SATO's business. 
Furthermore, economic conditions and business operations may be affected by various additional events 
that are beyond SATO's control, such as natural disasters, irreversible effects of climate change, and 
epidemics. For example, related supply chain bottlenecks, inflation, raw material and energy prices, and 
restrictive measures could have material adverse effects on the financial performance or operations of, the 
cost of funding for, or on the value of the real property owned by SATO. 
The rate of inflation has accelerated and remained high throughout 2023 and 2024, and is mainly 
attributable to increases in the prices of energy and food as well as services, and has resulted in rising 
interest rate levels. Since the beginning of the year, energy prices have fallen and inflation has slowed down 
slightly, but underlying inflation has remained persistently at a high level. As a result, several central banks 
have tightened their monetary policies to curb price increases by means of iteratively raising overall interest 
rate levels. The European Central Bank had previously raised and maintained high interest rates to combat 
inflation; however, with inflation now moderating, it recently lowered interest rates, although the battle 
against inflation is expected to not be over yet. Inflation is currently anticipated by the Bank of Finland to 
continue to slow during 2024, however, there can be no assurance that this will occur. High inflation results 
in higher property maintenance expenses, increased finance costs for SATO due to the corresponding 
interest rate raises, as well as weaker purchasing power of consumers, which, together with a high cost of 
living, affects the rental apartment market. Furthermore, the ample supply of rental homes in the market 
prevents the full transfer of higher costs caused by inflation to rents. In addition, high inflation rates 
combined with increased interest rates may have an adverse effect on property valuations. 
Any economic downturn or slowing in economic growth, due to geopolitical tensions, inflation, increased 
interest rates or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on SATO's business, financial condition or 
results of operations. 
Negative macroeconomic and environmental developments and conditions may affect SATO's 
operations and customers, as well as prices of SATO's real property. 
Macroeconomic conditions have been, and are likely to continue to be, affected by concerns over increased 
political and geopolitical uncertainty both internationally and within Europe, including the relationship 
between the UK and the EU and tensions related to Ukraine and the Middle East. Environmental conditions 
include climate change, which creates physical risks, risks resulting from the costs and practical necessities 
of transitioning to a low-carbon economy and social risks. Physical risks from climate change include 
extreme weather phenomena and irreversible climate change. Such changes could adversely affect, among 
others, the health of SATO's housing and their structural durability, and have an impact on maintenance 
and investment costs, such as the increasing need for cooling, as well as on servicing costs and costs arising 
from preparing for risks. The transition to a low-carbon economy could entail costs affecting the price of 
energy, the price of potential carbon emissions and the prices and availability of materials and machinery. 
As sustainability becomes a key criterion in consumer choices, inability to mitigate and adapt to climate 
change could harm SATO's corporate image, reputation or financial performance. 
In recent years, the Finnish economy has been adversely affected by the uncertain global economic and 
financial market conditions. SATO's properties are located in Finland. An economic slowdown or a 
recession, regardless of its depth, or any other negative economic developments, especially in Finland, may 
adversely affect SATO's business in a number of ways, including, among other things, the income, wealth, 
liquidity, business and/or financial condition of SATO, its customers and other business partners. The 
uncertain global economic and financial market conditions have led to a decline in confidence in 
construction enterprises in particular. Construction volumes concerning new construction have fallen to the 
lowest level ever recorded, which may lead from the current oversupply to a future housing shortage in 
Finland’s growth centres. In addition, high inflation has resulted in weaker purchasing power of consumers 
and low confidence in the economy, which is reflected in consumer caution. Additionally, employment 
figures have worsened and the number of unemployed people has increased in Finland. High inflation has 
resulted in increased maintenance costs, and the significantly rising interest rate levels have simultaneously 
led to a significant rise in financing costs. Further, SATO may not be able to utilise the opportunities created 
by economic fluctuations, the value of the real property owned by SATO may decrease, and SATO may 
not be able to adapt to a long-term economic recession or stagnation. A weaker-than-expected economic

--- Page 17 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
situation in Finland could be reflected in the housing markets by means of shrinking market demand, 
weakened solvency among its customer base, lower market rents, and, therefore, a decrease in the value of 
SATO's housing stock. Negative economic development may also adversely affect the sales prices of 
SATO's owner-occupied apartments. Further, SATO may experience declines in the demand for rental 
apartments during periods of economic slowdown or recession. SATO may also experience increased 
defaults on rent payments as a result of negative economic developments in Finland. 
Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on SATO's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Risks Relating to SATO's Business Operations 
Housing valuation is subjective and uncertain to a certain extent, and a decrease in fair value of 
SATO's properties may result in revaluation losses. 
SATO's properties are internally revalued each calendar quarter based on valuation methods selected by 
SATO (see "Information about the Issuer and the Group—SATO's Property Portfolio—Investment 
Property Valuation"). Such valuations are, to a certain extent, subjective and thus subject to uncertainty. 
The Board of Directors of SATO has taken the decision to use a yield-based valuation method to determine 
the value of the majority of SATO's investment properties. The yield-based valuation method is based on 
the expected cash flow from net rental income. In the event of significant and rapid market changes, the 
expected cash flows may not accurately reflect the current market value of SATO's properties. Furthermore, 
the cash flow estimates and assumptions made may prove to be inaccurate, and adverse market changes 
since the date when such cash flow estimates and assumptions were made may cause significant declines 
in the value of SATO's properties. In addition, the use of different assumptions or valuation models would 
likely produce different valuation results. As a result, there can be no assurance that the valuations 
accurately reflect the current market value of SATO's properties and property-related assets as at the date 
of such valuation or any other date. Incorrect assumptions or flawed assessments underlying the valuations, 
or materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on SATO's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
In addition, the housing market is sensitive to fluctuations in supply and demand. Housing prices in Finland 
have historically followed the macroeconomic development in a cyclical manner, while the demand for 
rental apartments has historically been countercyclical. The value of apartments and rental levels are 
affected by a number of factors, including events related to internal and external politics, interest rates, 
economic growth, availability of credit and taxation. Changes in supply and demand on the housing market 
of a specific area in Finland, resulting from new construction, investor supply and demand and other factors, 
may also materially affect the values of apartments and rented apartments regardless of the overall 
development in the Finnish housing market. Furthermore, an oversupply of rental apartments could lead to 
rental housing vacancies and pressure for rent decreases, especially as regards old housing stock, which 
could have an adverse effect on SATO's rental income. Rising inflation and interest rate levels could also 
result in weakened solvency among SATO’s customer base, which may lead to negative effects on their 
capacity to perform their obligations. If the strong growth in the cost of financing and maintenance costs 
continues and the market situation does not provide an opportunity to transfer the higher costs into rents in 
full, this may have a negative impact on the fair value of investment assets and SATO's ability to perform 
its obligations or to finance its investments. Also, a decrease in the prices of apartments is likely to have a 
direct impact on the fair value of SATO's property portfolio. The required return may increase in the future, 
which could lead to a reduction in the value of SATO's property portfolio. For additional information 
regarding valuations of SATO's properties, including a sensitivity analysis of investment property fair 
values, please see Note 13 to the 2024 Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. Decreases in the fair value of SATO's properties could have a material adverse effect on 
SATO's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Decreases in the fair value of SATO's properties would also have adverse effects on SATO's performance 
indicators, particularly the net asset value, which could have a negative influence on the rating of the Issuer 
and the Issuer's solvency and secured solvency covenant levels. 
Decreases in the occupancy rate and increases in the tenant turnover may weaken SATO's results. 
SATO's occupancy rate and tenant turnover depend on a number of factors, such as general economic 
conditions, supply of rental housing, the level of new-build construction activity, competition and 
urbanisation. The occupancy rate of SATO's apartments has a significant impact on SATO's business.

--- Page 18 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
SATO aims to secure a high occupancy rate by, among other things, actively developing its property 
portfolio to meet the demand for rental apartments. If the vacancy rate increases, SATO will lose rental 
income while having to cover the maintenance costs. Tenant turnover is an integral part of the non-regulated 
housing investment business. SATO's average external tenant turnover rate for the year ended 
31 December 2023 was 26.8 per cent. in Finland (28.4 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2022). 
Tenant turnover results in costs to SATO, due to, for example, the searching of new tenants and minor 
renovations typically made in connection with a tenant moving out of the apartment. If SATO fails to 
maintain the occupancy rate at a satisfactory level or the tenant turnover of its apartments increases 
significantly, this could have a material adverse effect on SATO's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and future prospects. 
Increasing refurbishment and maintenance costs may result in a decreased profit margin or 
increased rents and thus decreased demand for rental apartments. 
SATO continuously carries out refurbishment and maintenance repairs in its properties, which mainly 
results from their condition and regulatory requirements for energy-efficiency. The costs of refurbishments 
and maintenance repairs of properties are significant and relate mainly to plumbing, facade, roof, window 
and balcony renovations. Residential buildings must typically have their plumbing refurbished 
approximately every 45–50 years, which customarily covers renewal of both water and sewage pipes. 
Facades, roofs and balconies must be renovated approximately every 30 years. In 2023, SATO spent 
EUR 77.9 million on repair investments in its properties in Finland. SATO expects such amount to increase 
in the coming years. Increasing repair investments may arise, for example, from increasing requirements 
for energy-efficiency, and there can, thus, be no assurance that the amount spent on repair investments by 
SATO would not significantly increase from the level currently expected by SATO. If such risk 
materialises, the profit margin of SATO's rental apartments may decrease or SATO may be required to 
increase rents, which may result in a decreased demand for SATO's rental apartments. For example, 
maintenance costs have risen significantly as a result of increasing inflation, and SATO may not be able to 
fully pass on the costs of refurbishment and maintenance to its customers and SATO's investments in 
refurbishment and maintenance may not, therefore, generate the expected return. In recent years, SATO 
has also postponed investments and renovations as a result of which the number of repairs has grown. There 
is also a risk that SATO’s housing assets are not repaired in a controlled, systematic and timely manner, 
causing negative impacts on residents’ comfort and health. If repair backlog becomes too large, this could 
have an adverse effect on SATO’s reputation (see also “—SATO could fail in the management of its 
reputation and brand image”), the rental potential of the apartments and rent prices, and thus, on SATO’s 
asset value development. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on SATO's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Apartment renting is a highly competitive business. 
Renting apartments is a highly competitive business in Finland. SATO's main competitors in rental 
apartments business are private households, municipalities, parishes, foundations and corporate investors. 
The competition in the Finnish rental markets between housing providers has remained tight in recent years 
with the extensive offering of apartments exceeding demand. The competition for attractive plots and 
tenants with good financial standing is intense in Finland, particularly in Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and 
Kauniainen. This has resulted in moderate rent increases and, as a result, rent increases have fallen behind 
real costs. In addition, the competition for attractive plots has led to a steep increase in plot prices. There 
can be no assurance that SATO can meet the intensifying competition on the apartment renting market. 
Increasing competition could have a material adverse effect on SATO's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and future prospects. 
Changes in legislation, particularly in tax laws or regulations related to state-subsidised properties, 
may adversely affect SATO's business, impact on the value of its properties or its results, increase its 
expenses and/or slow or halt the development of investments. 
SATO must comply with a wide variety of laws, regulations and provisions, including urban planning 
regulations, construction and operating permits, health, safety, environmental, competition, labour, 
corporate, accounting and tax laws and laws on state-subsidies for housing. 
Tax laws and regulations, including, for example, regulations impacting property values and tax 
deductibility of interest in connection with property acquisitions and development or their interpretation 
and application practices may be subject to change. In addition, such changes may have a wider impact on 
the market environment in which SATO operates. For example, planned changes to how housing company 
loans and the real estate investments of foreign funds are taxed are increasing the uncertainty related to

--- Page 19 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
housing investments. SATO's tax burden is dependent on tax laws and regulation and their interpretation 
and application in the countries in which SATO operates. SATO monitors and analyses the impact of 
changes in tax laws and regulations as part of its normal operations, but the outcome of SATO's analyses 
may, however, differ from the actual impact of such changes. Adapting to the changes may result in 
additional costs or an increased tax burden for SATO that might be difficult to anticipate. 
As regards state-subsidised properties, SATO is subject to the risk that new laws or regulations will be 
adopted, which could increase or tighten the restrictions on the appropriation of profits and/or ownership 
applicable to such properties. Furthermore, amendments to the legislation governing state-subsidised loans 
may be enacted retroactively and may affect such loans that have already been granted and affect the 
operations of the owner-entity. Of SATO's property portfolio, 8 per cent., as measured by fair value as at 
31 December 2023, are held by the Issuer's subsidiaries that are Generally Non-profit Companies (as 
defined below) or Financially Non-profit Companies (as defined below) and are, therefore, subject to 
restrictions, extensive regulation and supervision by Finnish housing authorities (see "Information about 
the Issuer and the Group—General"). Due to numerous amendments, the Finnish legislation regarding 
state-subsidised properties has become very complex and, therefore, difficult to manage, and it often allows 
for various interpretations. Also, requirements for energy efficiency have become more stringent in recent 
years, which results, among other things, in increased construction costs. Further, if the Finnish housing 
allowance paid by the Social Insurance Institute of Finland (KELA) is decreased or removed entirely, this 
would adversely affect, among other things, the liquidity of approximately one-third of SATO's tenants 
and, as a result, may decrease SATO's rental income. 
In addition, SATO may become subject to legislation and regulation regarding climate change, and 
compliance with any new rules could be difficult and costly. Changes in laws, regulations and provisions 
or their interpretations could require SATO to adapt its business operations, assets or strategy, potentially 
leading to a negative impact on the value of its properties or its results, an increase in its expenses and/or 
slowing or even halting of the development of certain investments. Materialisation of any of the above risks 
could have a material adverse effect on SATO's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
future prospects. 
System malfunctions or data breaches in SATO's operations may decrease the efficiency and/or 
profitability of SATO's operations. 
SATO's operations are dependent on information systems and on its ability to operate such information 
systems efficiently and to introduce new services, technologies, systems and security controls. Such 
information systems include network solutions as well as software applications that SATO uses to control 
its business operations, manage its property portfolio and risks, prepare operating and financial reports and 
to execute treasury operations. Business intelligence and developing the related support systems and 
competence play also an important role in SATO's day-to-day rental activities. SATO's business is 
dependent on the usability and functionality of its digital platforms, such as its property management and 
customer relationship management systems. In particular, malfunctions in its IT services and systems could 
delay SATO in issuing rental invoices to its customers and prevent SATO from renting available 
apartments.  
The operation of SATO's information systems may be interrupted because of, among other things, power 
cuts, public cloud malfunctions, computer or network malfunctions, computer viruses, defaults by 
IT suppliers, crime targeted at information systems, such as security breaches and cyber-attacks from 
unauthorised persons outside and inside SATO, or major disasters, such as fires or natural disasters, as well 
as errors committed by SATO's own staff. Material interruptions or serious malfunctions in the operation 
of the information systems may impair and weaken SATO's business, financial condition and the 
profitability of its operations.  
In its business operations, SATO also regularly collects, stores and processes sensitive data, including 
personal information of its tenants, personnel and stakeholders. SATO must continuously monitor and 
develop its services and information systems to mitigate the risk of unauthorised access, misuse, breaches 
due to employee or partner error or malfeasance, computer viruses, attacks by hackers or other similar 
threats. If such events occur, this could compromise SATO's information systems and the information 
stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any unauthorised access, disclosure, loss 
or misuse of information may also result in SATO being in breach of data protection and related legislation, 
which could cause reputational and financial harm to SATO. Materialisation of any of the above risks could 
have a material adverse effect on SATO's business, financial condition, results of operations and future 
prospects.

--- Page 20 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
SATO is exposed to risks relating to unfavourable contractual terms, quality of work and weakened 
financial standing by partners and suppliers. 
To promote continuity in business relationships, SATO signs long-term contracts with its key partners and 
suppliers that SATO's management believes to have sufficient financial standing and size of operations. 
Such key partners and suppliers carry out, among other things, tasks relating to property management as 
well as property development and construction, such as building management, maintenance and cleaning, 
and repairs of individual apartments. SATO seeks to avoid dependence on individual service providers and, 
thus, to secure the continuity of services provided by partners and suppliers, SATO's procurement team 
regularly identifies more than one eligible service provider for each outsourced task. However, there can 
be no assurance that eligible service providers will be available when needed. Further, by relying on 
partners and suppliers SATO is exposed to a number of risks relating to these entities and mutual business 
relationships. For example, SATO may not be able to enter into agreements with its partners and suppliers 
on acceptable terms, the quality of the work carried out by them may be inadequate and may result in 
defects or the partners and suppliers may experience financial or other difficulties, such as labour shortage, 
which may affect their ability to provide services. Any of these risks may affect SATO's ability to service 
its customers, conclude its projects on time and within budget and result in additional costs for SATO and, 
thereby, could have a material adverse effect on SATO's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and future prospects. 
SATO could incur losses not covered by, or exceeding the coverage limits of, its insurance. 
SATO has insurance policies, for example, in respect of property, business interruption and liability for 
damages. However, the actual losses suffered by SATO could exceed its insurance coverage and could be 
material. For example, cyber risks are currently not covered by SATO's insurance scheme and the use of 
various technologies exposes SATO to such risks (for more information, see "—System malfunctions or 
data breaches in SATO's operations may decrease the efficiency and/or profitability of SATO's operations" 
above). SATO's business is largely dependent on certain technologies and, if realised, cyber risks could 
cause disruptions in SATO's operations and endanger SATO's operations. The realisation of one or more 
damaging events for which SATO has no insurance coverage or for which SATO's insurance coverage is 
insufficient could, therefore, have a material adverse effect on SATO's business, financial condition and 
results of operations and future prospects. 
SATO could fail in the management of its reputation and brand image. 
SATO's success is dependent on SATO's reputation and the value of the SATO brand. SATO's brand holds 
great significance for both its business operations and implementation of its strategies. The value of the 
SATO brand is also important to SATO's business partners, such as municipalities, construction companies 
and lenders. In addition, corporate social and environmental responsibility is part of SATO's customary 
long-term activities. Maintenance and positioning of SATO's brand are highly dependent on the success of 
marketing and promotional activities and on SATO's ability to provide housing services with a uniformly 
high quality. Failure to achieve these objectives, failure to implement measures and policies related to 
corporate social responsibility or impairment of SATO's corporate image or reputation due to negative 
publicity, such as due to inability to mitigate and adapt to climate change, negative customer experience, 
could have an adverse effect on SATO's brand and its development. Should the SATO brand lose value, 
regaining any lost brand value might prove impossible or require incurrence of significant costs. This, in 
turn, could have a material adverse effect on SATO's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and future prospects. 
Failure to make successful divestments could adversely affect SATO's business. 
In the future, SATO may decide to make selective divestments of properties. For example, SATO  
completed the divestment of its Russian housing business in April 2023. Divestments may be affected by 
many factors beyond SATO's control, such as the availability of bank financing to potential buyers, interest 
rates and the supply of, and demand for, properties. A possible lack of liquidity in the housing market may 
limit SATO's ability to sell its properties or modify its property portfolio in a timely manner in response to 
changes in economic or other conditions. Should SATO be required to divest part of its properties due to, 
for example, its inability to obtain refinancing, there can be no assurance that SATO will succeed in such 
divestments in a profitable manner or that such divestments will be possible at all, if the market functions 
inadequately or is illiquid. If unsuccessful, such possible divestments of properties could adversely affect 
SATO's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. Divestments may also lead 
to exposure to indemnity claims and involve additional costs due to historical and unaccounted liabilities.

--- Page 21 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
SATO's sales of owner-occupied apartments may give rise to liabilities that can have significant 
effects.  
Although SATO is no longer active in the production of owner-occupied apartments, SATO's sales of 
owner-occupied apartments may still expose it to potential liabilities based on defects in the buildings, 
materials, design or the quality of the work. SATO's liability to the buyers of owner-occupied apartments 
arises mainly out of the Finnish Housing Transactions Act (843/1994, as amended) which lays down 
peremptory provisions, including the seller's bases of liability. The standard form contracts that are used by 
the construction designers that SATO usually works with limit the designer's liability to the amount of the 
paid remuneration. As a rule, standard terms are used also in the building agreements with construction 
companies. SATO is also liable to homebuyers for the defects caused by the construction designers and 
construction companies, even if SATO has fulfilled all its obligations to monitor the construction design 
and construction work. Due to the differing bases of liabilities and the time limitations of liability, SATO 
may be liable to the homebuyer for the design or construction defects even if the construction designer or 
the construction company may no longer be liable to SATO, or if it is incapable of meeting its obligations, 
including due to insolvency. Materialisation of SATO's liabilities for construction defects, due to its own 
actions or based on the actions of the external designers or construction companies, could have a material 
adverse effect on SATO's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Risks Relating to SATO's Financing 
SATO may not receive financing at competitive terms or at all and may fail in repaying its existing 
debt. 
For example, uncertainty in the financial market or tightening regulation of banks could mean that the price 
of financing needed to carry out SATO's business will increase and that such financing will be less readily 
available. In recent years, the rising interest rates have resulted in increased cost of financing, increasing 
SATO's financing expenses (see also “—Fluctuations in interest rates may adversely affect SATO's 
business”). Also, as a result of SATO's previous note issuances and SATO's intentions to raise additional 
debt from capital markets, SATO is exposed to future adverse changes in the debt capital markets. The 
level of SATO's leverage may also affect its ability to refinance its existing debt, which, in turn, could also 
affect its competitiveness and limit its ability to react to market conditions and economic downturns. 
SATO's target for its equity ratio is at least 40 per cent. As at 31 December 2023, SATO's equity ratio was 
47.9 per cent. However, no assurance can be given that SATO would not have difficulty in raising new 
debt, repaying its existing debt or fulfilling its equity ratio target in the future. Any failure to repay the 
principal or pay interest in respect of SATO's existing debt, the inability to refinance existing debt, or to 
raise new debt at corresponding or more favourable financial and other terms than currently in force, could 
have a material adverse effect on SATO's business, financial condition, results of operations and future 
prospects. 
Fluctuations in interest rates may adversely affect SATO's business. 
Interest rate fluctuations affect SATO's profit through changes in interest expenses. In accordance with 
SATO's treasury policy, at least 60 per cent. of its loans shall be fixed interest rate loans or floating rate 
loans hedged with interest rate derivatives. As at 31 December 2023, 66.3 per cent. of SATO's such loans 
were fixed interest rate loans or floating rate loans hedged with interest rate derivatives. Despite the 
relatively high hedging level, the positions are not completely hedged. Further, fluctuations in interest rates 
may affect the rental apartment business and the valuation of properties. Although a significant increase in 
interest rates may considerably affect house owners' ability to pay interest on housing loans, it may also 
affect private consumption and decrease the value of properties. In addition, an increase in the interest rates 
could have a material adverse effect on the cost of financing and SATO's current financing expenses. 
Although SATO seeks to carefully monitor the development of interest rates and seeks to manage actively 
its interest rate risk, there can be no assurance that SATO would not fail in managing its interest rate risks 
properly. This could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on SATO's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and future prospects. 
The Issuer is dependent on its current long-term credit rating to pursue its financing strategy. 
SATO intends to raise additional debt from the capital markets in the future. To facilitate the availability 
of financing and to reach an optimal cost level, SATO's strategic goal is to maintain the Issuer's investment 
grade rating. Currently, the Issuer has a long-term issuer credit rating of "BBB" with a negative outlook 
from S&P.

--- Page 22 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
If the Issuer's long-term credit rating were to be downgraded, future issuances of unsecured bonds and notes 
may become significantly more expensive or may not be possible in the targeted amounts and it could also 
increase the cost of current financing. S&P could downgrade the Issuer's long-term issuer credit rating if, 
for example, the occupancy rate declines significantly, the Issuer's effective leverage (adjusted total debt 
divided by total assets) or fixed charge cover ratios were to exceed certain levels, both on a sustainable 
basis, or the Issuer were unable to maintain an adequate liquidity profile at all times. If any of the risks 
described above were to materialise, it would be more difficult for SATO to pursue its current financing 
strategy, which could have a material adverse effect on SATO's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and future prospects. 
SATO's financing and insurance agreements involve counterparty risk. 
Financial institutions are counterparties to, for example, SATO's long-term bank loans and insurance 
contracts. During the financial crisis, many banks and insurance companies in the United States and Europe 
experienced financial difficulties, resulting in numerous mergers, acquisitions and bankruptcies among 
financial institutions, including the government takeover of certain financial institutions. The main 
contracting parties of SATO in financing transactions are Nordic financial institutions which have avoided 
serious financial problems. However, there is no assurance that SATO's financing or insurance 
counterparties will not experience any financial difficulties in the future. If SATO's counterparties were to 
experience financial difficulties it could have a material adverse effect on SATO's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features: 
The claims of holders of the Notes are structurally subordinated. 
The Issuer's operations are principally conducted through subsidiaries. Accordingly, the Issuer is, and will 
be, dependent on its subsidiaries' operations to service its payment obligations in respect of the Notes. The 
Notes are structurally subordinated to the claims of all holders of debt securities and other creditors, 
including trade creditors, of the Issuer's subsidiaries, and structurally and/or effectively subordinated to the 
extent of the value of collateral to all the Issuer's and the Issuer's subsidiaries' secured creditors. Notes 
issued under the Programme are not guaranteed by any of the Issuer's subsidiaries or any other company or 
person. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation, dissolution or winding up of 
the business of any of the Issuer's subsidiaries, unsecured creditors of such subsidiaries, secured creditors 
and obligations that may be preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general application 
generally will have the right to be paid in full before any distribution is made to the Issuer. As at 31 
December 2023, the book value of external interest-bearing debt of the Group was EUR 2,159.2 million of 
which EUR 190.0 million represents interest bearing liabilities of the Issuer's subsidiaries which 
corresponds to 8.8 per cent. of the Group's total interest bearing liabilities. For additional information on 
the amount of debt held by the Issuer's subsidiaries, see "Information about the Issuer and the Group— 
General". 
The Notes will be effectively subordinated to any of the Issuer's existing secured and future secured 
indebtedness. 
The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer. As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer had EUR 313.1 
million of external interest-bearing Secured Indebtedness (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) outstanding at book value, representing 14.5 per cent. of its total external interest- bearing liabilities 
at book value of EUR 2,159.2 million, and the Trust Deed governing the Notes permits the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries to secure certain indebtedness and other obligations without rateably securing the Notes. The 
Notes are, therefore, effectively subordinated to the Issuer's existing Secured Indebtedness and future 
Secured Indebtedness. Accordingly, holders of the Issuer's Secured Indebtedness will have claims that are 
superior to the claims of Noteholders to the extent of the value of the assets securing such other 
indebtedness. For further information about the collateral granted by the Issuer and its subsidiaries in 
respect of the Group's indebtedness, see "Information about the Issuer and the Group—Financing and 
Financial Risk Management". In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, the 
assets that serve as collateral for any secured indebtedness of the Issuer would be available to satisfy the 
obligations under the secured indebtedness before any payments are made on the Notes. Other than as set

--- Page 23 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
out in Condition 5(a) (Covenants – Negative Pledge), Condition 5(b)(i) (Covenants – Limitations on the 
Incurrence of Indebtedness) and Condition 5(b)(iii) (Covenants – Limitations on the Incurrence of Secured 
Indebtedness), the Conditions do not prohibit the Issuer from incurring and securing future indebtedness. 
To the extent that the Issuer was to secure any of its future indebtedness, to the extent not required to secure 
the Notes in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, the Issuer's obligations, in respect of the Notes, 
would be effectively subordinated to such secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the security 
securing such indebtedness. 
Redemption prior to maturity. 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of the Notes as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Finland or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (as more fully set out in Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase 
– Redemption for tax reasons)), the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
The Notes may also be redeemable at the Issuer's option (as more fully set out in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer)), and the Issuer may choose to redeem 
the Notes at a time when the prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an 
investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest 
rate as high as that of the Notes and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. An optional 
redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer may 
elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
In addition, the Notes may be redeemable in certain other circumstances by Noteholders, such as on the 
occurrence of a Change of Control Event or if the Put Option is specified as applicable in the Final Terms 
(as more fully set out in Condition 9(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Change of Control Put Option) and 
Condition 9(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders)). Exercise of such 
an applicable put option may affect the liquidity of such Notes in respect of which such option is not 
exercised. Depending on the number of Notes in respect of which the put option is exercised, any trading 
market for the Notes in respect of which such put option is not exercised may become illiquid. In addition, 
an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective 
interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion 
of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change 
of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect 
the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Some of the Notes may bear a fixed interest rate. 
Notes issued under this Programme may bear interest on their outstanding principal amount at a fixed 
interest rate. A holder of a security with a fixed interest rate is exposed to the risk that the price of such 
security could fall as a result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal compensation rate 
of a security with a fixed interest rate is fixed during the life of such security or during a certain period of 
time, current interest rates on capital markets (market interest rates) typically change continuously. In case 
market interest rates increase, the market price of such a security typically falls until the yield of such 
security is approximately equal to the market interest rates. If market interest rates fall, the price of a 
security with a fixed interest rate typically increases until the yield of such a security is approximately equal 
to market interest rates. Consequently, the Noteholders should be aware that movements of market interest

--- Page 24 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
rates may result in a material decline in the market price of Notes that bear interest at a fixed interest rate 
and may lead to losses for the Noteholders if they sell the Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
Regulation and reform of EURIBOR or other "benchmarks" could adversely affect any Notes linked to 
such "benchmarks". 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other reference rates or other types of rates and 
indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing national, international and other 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are 
still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks (and others including CIBOR, NIBOR 
or STIBOR) to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to 
such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU. The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes 
linked to EURIBOR or another "benchmark" rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and 
such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. In addition, the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation stipulates that each administrator of a "benchmark" regulated thereunder must be licensed by 
the competent authority of the Member State where such administrator is located. There is a risk that 
administrators of certain "benchmarks" will fail to obtain a necessary licence, preventing them from 
continuing to provide such "benchmarks". Other administrators may cease to administer certain 
"benchmarks" because of the additional costs of compliance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and other 
applicable regulations, and the risks associated therewith. There is also a risk that certain benchmarks may 
continue to be administered but may in time become obsolete. 
The Conditions set out below provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark, such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
other successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event 
(each as defined in the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility 
that the rate of interest could be determined by an independent adviser or the Issuer or set by reference to a 
reference bond rate, a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or 
alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant 
governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement 
of the relevant benchmark although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this 
objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the 
ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating 
Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of and return on any 
such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence 
of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under Floating

--- Page 25 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
Rate Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable 
under Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision 
with respect to Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market my continue to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes. 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and the euro short-term rate ("€STR"), as reference rates for 
Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such 
rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under 
this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. The 
development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under 
this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated 
term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates 
do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such 
risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material 
respects and have a limited history. 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other inter-bank 
offered rates in a number of material respects. These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, 
in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the 
case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a 
forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, 
investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates 
as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight 
secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For 
example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, 
been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance.

--- Page 26 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes 
linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as 
a result of an Event of Default under Condition 13 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on 
a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes 
shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the 
Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
or any related index. 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their 
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR 
Compounded Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change 
the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such 
risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices. In addition, 
the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
or any related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will 
apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
Notes in New Global Note and New Safekeeping Structure form. 
The New Global Note and New Safekeeping Structure form has been introduced to allow for the possibility 
of debt instruments being issued and held in a manner which will permit them to be recognised as eligible 
collateral for monetary policy of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem") and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Even if an 
individual issue of Notes is documented under these structures there remains a risk that such Notes may not 
be Eurosystem eligible as this will depend on the relevant criteria at the time and whether these have been 
satisfied. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green 
assets. Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds in connection with green 
projects, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain 
environmentally focused investors with respect to such Green Bonds may affect the value and/or trading 
price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in green assets. Green Bonds are not linked to the performance of eligible green projects, do 
not benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes or any contractual rights 
derived solely from the intended use of proceeds of such Notes. The methodologies used by ESG rating 
agencies for ascertaining SATO's ESG rating may vary and any such ESG rating is not necessarily 
indicative of financial performance. 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme where the use of proceeds is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be for the financing and/or refinancing of projects and activities that promote climate and 
other environmental purposes, in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria as in such case shall 
be set out in item 9 of Part B (Provisions Relating to Green Bonds) of the applicable Final Terms (any 
Notes which have such a specified use of proceeds are referred to as "Green Bonds"). 
No assurance is given that such use of proceeds in the applicable Final Terms will satisfy any present or 
future investment criteria or guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses, 
the subject of or related to, the Green Finance Framework (including in relation to the EU Taxonomy

--- Page 27 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any 
implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom). 
No assurance can be given that use of proceeds will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding 
such "green" or similar labels (including in relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related 
technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation and 
guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom or any requirements of such labels as they may 
evolve from time to time. Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme will not be compliant with the 
EU Green Bond Regulation and are only intended to comply with the requirements and processes in the 
Green Finance Framework. It is not clear if the establishment of the EuGB label and the optional disclosures 
regime for bonds issued as "environmentally sustainable" under the EU Green Bond Regulation could have 
an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not comply with the 
requirements of the EuGB label or the optional disclosures regime, such as the Green Bonds issued under 
this Programme. It could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market 
price of any Green Bonds issued under this Programme that do not comply with those standards proposed 
under the EU Green Bond Regulation. 
CICERO Shades of Green AS has provided an independent second opinion on SATO's Green Finance 
Framework. In connection with an issue of Green Bonds, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating 
agency or sustainability consulting firm to issue an independent opinion (together with Second Party 
Opinion, "Compliance Opinions") confirming that any Green Bonds are in compliance with the Green 
Bond Principles, as published by the International Capital Market Association (which serves as the 
secretariat to the Green Bond Principles) (the "Green Bond Principles"). The Green Bond Principles are 
a set of voluntary guidelines that recommend transparency and disclosure and promote integrity in the 
development of the green bond market. For the avoidance of doubt, any such Compliance Opinions are not, 
nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated into, and will not form part of, this Base Prospectus or the applicable 
Final Terms. Any such Compliance Opinions provide an opinion on certain environmental and related 
considerations and as such is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance 
is given as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party made available 
in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. Any Such Compliance Opinions and any other 
such opinion or certification is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of any investment 
in any Note, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of 
any security. Any such Compliance Opinions may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the 
structure of the relevant Series of Green Bonds, their marketability, trading price or liquidity or any other 
factors that may affect the price or value of the Green Bonds. Any such Compliance Opinions are not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is only current as at its date of issue. 
While the Green Bond Principles do provide a high level framework, there is currently no clearly defined 
definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) nor market consensus on what precise attributes are required for 
a particular project to be defined as "green", and therefore no assurance can be provided to potential 
investors that the green projects and activities to be specified in the applicable Final Terms will meet all 
investors' expectations regarding environmental performance or continue to meet the relevant eligibility 
criteria. Although applicable green projects and activities are expected to be selected in accordance with 
the categories recognised by the Green Bond Principles and are expected to be developed in accordance 
with applicable legislation and standards, there can be no guarantee that adverse environmental and/or 
social impacts will not occur during the design, construction, commissioning and/or operation of any such 
green or sustainable projects or that the anticipated environmental benefits will be realised. Where any 
negative impacts are insufficiently mitigated, green projects and activities may become controversial and/or 
may be criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders. 
In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, 
it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock 
exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in

--- Page 28 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
respect of any such Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. 
Further, although the Issuer may agree at the issue date of any Green Bonds to certain allocation and/or 
impact reporting and to use the proceeds for the financing and/or refinancing of green projects and activities 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms), it would not be an event of default under the Green Bonds if: 
(i) the Issuer were to fail to comply with such obligations or were to fail to use the proceeds in the manner 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and/or (ii) the Compliance Opinions were to be withdrawn. 
Although it is the Issuer's intention to use an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any Series of Green 
Bonds in connection with green projects and activities, there is no contractual obligation to do so. There 
can be no assurance that any such projects and activities that promote climate and other environmental 
purposes will be available or capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, the manner anticipated 
and, accordingly, that the Issuer will be able to use an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such 
Green Bonds for such projects as intended. In addition, there can be no assurance that eligible projects will 
be completed as expected or achieve the impacts or outcomes (environmental or otherwise) originally 
expected or anticipated. None of a failure by the Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as 
Green Bonds or to report on the use of proceeds as anticipated or a failure of a third party to issue (or to 
withdraw) an opinion or certification in connection with an issue of Green Bonds or the failure of the Notes 
issued as Green Bonds to meet investors' expectations requirements regarding any "green" or similar labels 
will constitute an Event of Default or breach of contract with respect to any of the Notes issued as Green 
Bonds. 
The Issuer does not undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient eligible projects to allow for 
allocation of an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Bonds in full. Each prospective 
investor should have regard to the factors described in the Issuer's Green Finance Framework and the 
relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent financial 
adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of any Green Bonds before deciding to invest. 
The Issuer's Green Finance Framework may be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from 
any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's Green Finance Framework does not form part 
of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds in connection with green projects and 
activities, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain 
environmentally focused investors with respect to such Green Bonds may affect the value and/or trading 
price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in green assets which may cause one or more of such investors to dispose of the Green Bonds held 
by them which may affect the value, trading price and/or liquidity of the relevant Series of Green Bonds. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers make any assurance or representation as to the suitability or reliability 
for any purpose whatsoever of any Compliance Opinions or whether any Green Bonds fulfil the relevant 
environmental criteria. Prospective investors should have regard to the eligible green bond projects or 
activities and eligibility criteria described in the applicable Final Terms. Each potential purchaser of any 
Series of Green Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of any Green 
Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers will verify or 
monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The performance of the Green Bonds is not linked to the performance of the relevant Eligible Projects or 
the performance of the Issuer in respect of any environmental or similar targets. There will be no 
segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of the Green Bonds and the Eligible Projects. Consequently, 
neither payments of principal and/or interest on the Green Bonds nor any rights of Noteholders shall depend 
on the performance of the relevant Eligible Projects or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any such 
environmental or similar targets. Holders of any Green Bonds shall have no preferential rights or priority 
against the assets of any Eligible Project nor benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of 
the Notes. 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings 
may differ. The Issuer's ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or 
financial performance, or any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates on 
which they were initially issued. ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation to buy, sell or

--- Page 29 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory or other 
similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG rating information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. 
Risks Related to Notes Generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, holders 
of the Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the 
Issuer. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes 
will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, holders of the Notes will 
not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records 
of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global 
Notes, holders of the Notes will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and their participants. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common sakekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial 
interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive 
payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, 
or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action 
against the Issuer in the event of a default under the Notes, but will have to rely upon their rights under the 
Trust Deed. 
Exchange rates and exchange controls. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the relevant currency in which the Notes were 
issued (the "Specified Currency"). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if a holder 
of the Notes' financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's 
Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes, and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market 
value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. Changes in market interest rates may adversely affect 
the value of the Notes. Investment in the Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest 
rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes, since the Notes have a fixed rate of interest and prevailing 
interest rates in the future may be higher than that fixed rate of interest. 
Minimum denomination. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may 
be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of 
the minimum Specified Denomination. Noteholders who, as a result of trading such amounts, hold a 
principal amount of Notes other than a multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination will receive

--- Page 30 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
definitive Notes in respect of their holding (provided that the aggregate amount of Notes they hold is in 
excess of the minimum Specified Denomination), however, any such definitive Notes which are printed in 
denominations other than the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Furthermore, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
Modification, waivers and substitution of the Issuer. 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally (including via conference call or video conference). These provisions permit defined 
majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. The Conditions also provide that 
the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to any modification of, or to the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or the Trust Deed or 
determine, without the consent of the Noteholders, that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default 
(each as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such in the circumstances described in Condition 
17 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution) of the Notes. The Conditions provide 
that the Trustee may be required, without the consent of the Noteholders, to agree to the substitution of any 
company as the principal debtor in relation to the Trust Deed and the Notes in the circumstances described 
in the Trust Deed and the Conditions. 
Changes in laws or administrative practices could entail risks. 
The Conditions are governed by the laws of England in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws of 
England or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. Furthermore, the Issuer and the 
Group operate in a heavily regulated environment and have to comply with regulations in the Republic of 
Finland and Russia. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change 
to laws or administrative practices of the Republic of Finland and Russia after the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Compliance with sanctions may prevent the Issuer from performing its obligations under the Notes. 
The Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Departments of 
State or Commerce, the EU, Her Majesty's Treasury and/or other governmental, regulatory or law 
enforcement agencies have imposed or may impose economic sanctions against governments, 
governmental authorities, other legal entities or private individuals. Any sanctioned persons, including 
holders of the Notes (if any), may not have the benefit of legal protections that would be available to non- 
sanctioned persons. 
Risks Related to the Market Generally 
The market price of Notes issued under the Programme may be volatile. 
The market price of Notes issued under this Programme could be subject to significant fluctuations in 
response to actual or anticipated variations in the Issuer's operating results and those of its competitors, 
adverse business developments, changes to the regulatory environment in which the Issuer operates, 
changes in financial estimates by securities analysts and the actual or expected sale of a large number of 
the Notes, as well as other factors. In addition, in recent years the global financial markets have experienced 
significant price and volume fluctuations, which, if repeated in the future, could adversely affect the market 
price of Notes issued under the Programme without regard to the Issuer's results of operations, prospects or 
financial condition. Factors including increased competition or the Issuer's operating results, the regulatory 
environment, general market conditions, natural disasters, terrorist attacks and war may have an adverse 
effect on the market price of the Notes issued under the Programme. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes. 
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no active 
trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and 
form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If a market does develop, it may not

--- Page 31 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
be very liquid. In addition, the ability of the Dealers to make a market in the Notes may be impacted by 
changes in regulatory requirements applicable to the marketing, holding and trading of, and issuing 
quotations with respect to, the Notes. Therefore, Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or 
at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable with similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. 
If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and 
the financial condition of the Issuer. It is possible that the market for the Notes will be subject to disruptions. 
Any such disruption may have a negative effect on Noteholders, regardless of the Issuer's prospects and 
financial performance. As a result, there is no assurance that there will be an active trading market for the 
Notes. If no active trading market develops, Noteholders may not be able to resell their holding of the Notes 
at a fair value, if at all. 
Although application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to listing on Euronext Dublin, there can 
be no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so 
admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the 
development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks. 
Any adverse change in an applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes. The 
Issuer's credit rating is an assessment by the relevant rating agency of its ability to pay its debts when due. 
Consequently, real or anticipated changes in its credit ratings will generally affect the market value of the 
Notes. One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the issue of Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure and market of the Notes and 
additional factors discussed in this Base Prospectus or any other factors that may affect the value of the 
Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, reduced, 
suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. See also "—Financial Risks—The Issuer is 
dependent on its current long-term credit rating to pursue its financing strategy" above. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non 
EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant non EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and 
such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. Note this 
is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may 
be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief 
accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the 
relevant conditions are satisfied. 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in 
such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
If the status of the credit rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation 
or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 32 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) the Notes are legal investments for it, (2) the Notes can be used as collateral 
for various types of borrowing, and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of the Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 33 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The information set out below has been filed with the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin and shall be 
deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report, prepared in 
accordance with Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 as applied in Finnish 
legislation, thereon and notes thereto) of the Group in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 
(set out on pages 19 – 70 of the 2022 Annual Report of the Issuer) (the "2022 Financial 
Statements"); 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report, prepared in 
accordance with Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 as applied in Finnish 
legislation, thereon and notes thereto) of the Group in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023 
(set out on pages 19 – 70 of the 2023 Annual Report of the Issuer) (the "2023 Financial 
Statements"); 
(iii) 
the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Group in respect of the three months ended 
31 March 2024 (the "2024 Q1 Financial Statements"); 
(iv) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 17 May 2019 at pages 
33-72 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme; and 
(v) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 13 March 2020 at 
pages 26-66 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
The documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
are also available on the Issuer's website: 
2024 Q1 Financial Statements: 
https://assets.ctfassets.net/z7ety0aygnfq/6MCTjk25QJ28G4lqww2Ck2/81174402b61ad0a9c81e64854b4a
fb88/Interim_report_1_January_-_31_March_2024.pdf  
The 2023 Financial Statements from the 2023 Annual Report: 
https://assets.ctfassets.net/z7ety0aygnfq/6vgxlZo8u3ZAnWgsL1Q6Aw/08b1a702d38bcf05809f81479220
245d/SATO_Annual_Report_2023.pdf  
The 2022 Financial Statements from the 2022 Annual Report: 
https://assets.ctfassets.net/z7ety0aygnfq/47P50zs2MQAlm0s03UTJHR/489354b4ded64a3acea1bcc21fcf2
539/SATO_annual_report_2022.pdf   
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 13 March 2020: 
https://assets.ctfassets.net/z7ety0aygnfq/3hNdfLoXP4ZBSJdbl751qd/4de1ba2a2803232fddf2b01d7ee68b
19/SATO_EMTN_U20_Base_Prospectus_final.pdf   
Any information incorporated by reference in the documents specified above, which are being incorporated 
by reference herein, shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any information contained in any of the 
documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not 
relevant for prospective investors for the purposes of Article 6(1) of the EU Prospectus Regulation or is 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer has applied IFRS as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board and as adopted by 
the EU and the UK in the financial statements incorporated by reference above. 
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained 
in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent

--- Page 34 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to supersede statements contained 
in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a document which is incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 35 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes and 
the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different types of Notes which 
may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary 
information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in 
the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms 
are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as supplemented to the extent described in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information 
relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary 
global note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent 
Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV. ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" 
of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are 
fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be 
offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global 
bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be 
eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C), or substantially similar successor provisions (the 
"TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D), or substantially similar 
successor provisions (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not 
have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are 
applicable. 
Temporary Global Note Exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, 
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.

--- Page 37 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
Temporary Global Note Exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Bearer Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Notes") not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be 
in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 
30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Permanent Global Note Exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(b) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the 
Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions Applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 38 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
Legend Concerning United States Persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") will be represented by either individual 
Note Certificates in registered form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global registered note ("Global 
Registered Note") in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new safekeeping structure (the 
"New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU 
securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the 
"Eurosystem"), subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements. The press 
release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered 
form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible 
as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the NSS, 
registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held 
under the NSS, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered 
Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whether or not the Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. Note that the designation "Yes" in the relevant Final Terms 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper (and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. Where the designation is specified as "No" 
in the relevant Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be represented by Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings.

--- Page 39 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
Global Registered Note Exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be represented by one or more Global Registered 
Note each of which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances specified in the Global 
Registered Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
if Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; and 
(b) 
in any case, if any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) 
occurs. 
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, each person having 
an interest in a Global Registered Note must provide the Registrar (through the relevant clearing system) 
with such information as the Issuer and the Registrar may require to complete and deliver Individual Note 
Certificates (including the name and address of each person in which the Notes represented by the 
Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's holding). 
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to 
complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates against the surrender of the Global Registered Note 
at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as 
the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or 
imposed in connection with such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions Applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 40 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of 
Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final 
Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent 
permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may 
supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" above. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: SATO Corporation (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 2,000,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between 
these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Trust Deed: The Notes are constituted by, are subject to, and have the benefit of, the amended and 
restated trust deed dated on or around 2 June 2023 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, 
the "Trust Deed") between the Issuer and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited as trustee (the 
"Trustee", which expression includes all persons for the time being trustee or trustees appointed 
under the Trust Deed). 
(d) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of the amended and restated issue and paying agency 
agreement dated on or around 2 June 2023 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch as issuing agent and principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying 
Agent", which expression includes any successor principal paying agent appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes), Citibank Europe Plc as registrar (the "Registrar", which 
expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes), the paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying 
Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time 
to time in connection with the Notes) and the Trustee. In these Conditions references to the 
"Agents" are to the Paying Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. 
(e) 
The Notes: The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in registered form 
("Registered Notes"). All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available 
for viewing during normal business hours at SATO Corporation, Panuntie 4, PL 401, FI 00601 
Helsinki, Finland. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. Noteholders (as defined below) 
and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", 
respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed 
and the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the 
Specified Offices of each of the Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.

--- Page 41 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Collateral" means any additional Security Interest provided by the Issuer in order to 
meet its obligation to maintain the minimum collateralisation level under the Secured Notes and 
including, any replacement of such Additional Collateral in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Secured Notes; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Authorised Signatory" means any Director of the Issuer or any other person or persons notified 
to the Trustee by any such Director as being an Authorised Signatory pursuant to Clause 7.18 
(Covenants by the Issuer – Authorised Signatories) of the Trust Deed; 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
and 
(iii) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final 
Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal 
holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on 
which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation 
to be closed; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day save in respect of Notes for 
which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final Interest Payment Date will not be 
postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue during the period from and after 
the scheduled final Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 42 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Principal Paying Agent or such other Person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Change of Control" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition (f) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Change of Control Put Option); 
"Change of Control Period" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition (f) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Change of Control Put Option); 
"Change of Control Put Event" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition (f) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Change of Control Put Option); 
"Change of Control Put Event Notice" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition (f) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Change of Control Put Option); 
"Change of Control Put Option" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition (f) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Change of Control Put Option); 
"Change of Control Put Period" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition (f) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Change of Control Put Option); 
"CIBOR" means, in respect of Danish Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by 
a designated distributor (currently Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S) in accordance with the requirements 
from time to time of the Danish Financial Benchmark Facility based on estimated interbank 
borrowing rates for Danish Kroner for a number of designated maturities which are provided by a 
panel of contributor banks (details of historic CIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated 
distributor);

--- Page 43 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
"Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA" means, in respect of any Reference Period, the number set 
out under the heading "Operating Profit" (or any equivalent line item) in the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Group, from which items (i) to (iii) below should be deducted: 
(i) 
the number set out under the heading "Fair value change of investment properties, 
unrealised" (or any equivalent line item) in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Group; 
(ii) 
the number set out under the heading "Carrying value of investment properties sold" (or 
any equivalent line item) in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group; 
(iii) 
the number set out under the heading "Depreciation, amortisation and impairment 
charges" (or any equivalent line item) in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Group; 
"Consolidated Coverage Ratio" means, in respect of any Reference Period, the ratio of (i) the 
aggregate amount of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA to (ii) the aggregate amount of Net Interest 
Charges; 
"Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group" means the consolidated financial statements 
and notes to those financial statements of the Group prepared in accordance with IFRS; 
"Consolidated Solvency Ratio" means: (i) the Indebtedness (less cash and cash equivalents) of 
the Group on a consolidated basis; divided by: (ii) Consolidated Total Assets (less cash and cash 
equivalents); 
"Consolidated Total Assets" means the value of the consolidated total assets of the Group, being: 
(A) 
such amount as appears (or would appear in the case of a pro forma) on a consolidated 
balance sheet of the Group prepared in accordance with IFRS as shown (or as would be 
shown) in the most recent audited annual, unaudited semi-annual or unaudited interim, as 
the case may be, Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group (the "Most Recent 
Financial Report"); and 
(B) 
(for the purposes of calculating the Consolidated Solvency Ratio under Condition 5(b)(i) 
(Limitations on the Incurrence of Indebtedness) and/or Secured Solvency Ratio under 
Condition 5(b)(iii) (Limitations on the Incurrence of Secured Indebtedness) only) such 
amount referred to in (A) above: 
(i) 
plus, the purchase price of any investment property acquired since the Most 
Recent Financial Report; 
(iii) 
less, the sale price of any asset that would (had it not been sold) be an investment 
property that has been sold since the Most Recent Financial Report (unless, and 
to the extent that, such sale price is retained as cash or cash equivalents); 
"continuing" for the purposes of Condition 13 (Events of Default) is an Event of Default that has 
not been waived or remedied; 
"Couponholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes); 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"DA Selected Bond" means the government security or securities selected by the Determination 
Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes 
(or, if Par Call Commencement Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the period to the 
Par Call Commencement Date), that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance 
with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated 
in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes 
(or, if Par Call Commencement Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the period to the 
Par Call Commencement Date);

--- Page 44 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛= [360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30";

--- Page 45 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛= [360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛= [360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
"Determination Agent" means an investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected and appointed by the Issuer; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 46 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from 
time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the 
administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of 
designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a 
panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated 
distributor); 
"Event of Default" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 13 (Events of Default); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Trust Deed; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
Final Redemption Amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ltd.; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out 
by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt 
Prices from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double- 
dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon 
Date"(published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as 
further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time) or, if such formula does 
not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield 
calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by 
the Determination Agent; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; 
and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has 
the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Registered 
Notes); 
"IA Determination Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions); 
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards, including International Accounting 
Standards and Interpretations, issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (as 
amended, supplemented or re-issued from time to time);

--- Page 47 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
moneys borrowed; 
(ii) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised 
equivalent; 
(iii) 
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(iv) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a 
non-recourse basis); 
(v) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated 
as finance or capital leases; 
(vi) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(vii) 
any amount raised by the issue of redeemable shares, which are classified as borrowings 
under IFRS; 
"Initial Longstop Date" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 9(f) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Change of Control Put Option); 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 7A (Adjustment of Interest 
Rate); 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms 
and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date 
(or, if the Notes become repayable on any earlier date, the relevant repayment date); 
"Investment Grade Rating Change" means if any rating previously assigned to, and solicited by 
or with the consent of, the Issuer by any Rating Agency is changed from an investment grade rating 
(being at least Baa3 by Moody's, BBB- by Fitch or BBB- by S&P) to a non-investment grade rating 
(being Ba1 or lower by Moody's, or BB+ or lower by Fitch or BB+ or lower by S&P) (a "non- 
investment grade rating");

--- Page 48 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" means either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Make-Whole Redemption Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means, with respect to the relevant Optional Redemption Date, 
the rate per annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a 
price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the 
Reference Bond Price for the relevant Optional Redemption Date; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Moody's" means Moody's Investor Services Limited; 
"Net Interest Charges" means the number set out under the heading "Financial expenses" (or any 
equivalent line item) in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group added to the number 
set out under the heading "Financial income" (or any equivalent line item) in the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Group; 
"NIBOR" means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Norwegian interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Global Rate Set Systems) in accordance with the requirements 
from time to time of Norske Finansielle Referanser (or any other person which takes over the 
administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for Norwegian Kroner 
for a number of designated maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details 
of historic NIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Note Certificate" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination, Title 
and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes); 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, 
has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to 
Registered Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date" has the meaning given in Condition 9(f) (Redemption and Purchase 
- Change of Control Put Option); 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 49 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in Condition 9(e) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders); 
"Par Call Commencement Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries raised or issued in exchange for, or the net proceeds of which are used to renew, 
refund, refinance, replace, exchange or discharge other Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries (other than intercompany Indebtedness (other than the Notes)); provided that: 
(i) 
the aggregate principal amount (or accretable value) of such Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the 
Indebtedness renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged (plus all 
accrued interest on the Indebtedness and the amount of all fees and expenses, including 
premiums, incurred in connection therewith); 
(ii) 
such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness has a final maturity date, or may only be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer, either (i) no earlier than the final maturity date of the 
Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged or 
(ii) 
after the final maturity date of the Notes; 
(iii) 
if the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or 
discharged is expressly contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, such 
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; and 
(iv) 
if the Issuer was the obligor of the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, 
replaced, exchanged or discharged, such Indebtedness is incurred by the Issuer; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means a Security Interest on the undertaking or assets of any Person 
existing at the time such Person is acquired by and becomes a Subsidiary of the Issuer, provided 
such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and the principal 
amount secured has not been increased in contemplation of or since such acquisition; 
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock 
company, trust, unincorporated organisation, limited liability company or government (or any 
agency or political subdivision thereof) or other entity; 
"Potential Change of Control Announcement" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 9(f) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Change of Control Put Option);

--- Page 50 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected 
(in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Principal Subsidiary" means at any relevant time a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(i) 
whose total assets or gross revenues (where the Subsidiary, in question prepares 
consolidated accounts, whose total consolidated assets or gross consolidated revenues, as 
the case may be) attributable to the Issuer represent not less than 5 per cent. of the total 
consolidated assets or the gross consolidated revenues of the Issuer, all as calculated by 
reference to the then latest audited accounts (or consolidated accounts, as the case may be) 
of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its 
consolidated Subsidiaries; or 
(ii) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the assets and undertaking of a Subsidiary 
which immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary; 
"Proceedings" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 23 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction); 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Quarterly Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group" means the financial statements 
of the Group for the periods ended 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December of each 
year; 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rating" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 7A (Adjustment of Interest Rate); 
"Rating Agency" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 7A (Adjustment of Interest Rate); 
"Rating Decrease" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 7A (Adjustment of Interest Rate); 
"Rating Downgrade" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 9(f) (Redemption and Purchase 
– Change of Control Put Option); 
"Record Date" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes); 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Sterling Make Whole 
Redemption Amount, the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a 
redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 51 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Bond" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to 
the extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the 
relevant Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than 
four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received by the Determination 
Agent, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
"Reference Date" has the meaning given in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their 
affiliates, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or 
(ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case 
as a percentage of its principal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in 
writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Period" means each period of four (4) consecutive financial quarters ending on a 
Testing Date; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STR as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Coupons" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 10(e)(ii)(A) (Payments – Bearer 
Notes); 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the 
full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 52 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness (whether being principal, premium or other 
amounts) which is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, 
loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded 
on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over the 
counter market) (and includes for the purposes of these Conditions any guarantee or indemnity in 
respect of any such Indebtedness or any arrangement having a similar effect) but does not include, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any Additional Collateral that the Issuer provides in respect of its 
existing Secured Notes; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reporting Date" means a date falling no later than 30 days after the publication of each of (i) the 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group; and (ii) the unaudited Quarterly Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Group; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal (i) to change any date fixed for payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the amount of principal or interest payable 
on any date in respect of the Notes or to reduce the rate of interest on the Notes, (iii) to alter the 
method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or maturity 
or the date for any such payment provided however for the avoidance of doubt that a Rate 
Adjustment or a Benchmark Amendment shall not constitute a Reserved Matter, (iv) to effect the 
exchange, conversion or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, shares, 
bonds, or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or body corporate formed 
or to be formed (other than as permitted under Clause 8.3 (Amendment and Substitution – 
Substitution) of the Trust Deed), (v) to change the currency of payments under the Notes, or (vi) 
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution, or (vii) to amend this definition; 
"S&P" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited; 
"Secured Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness, or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any 
Indebtedness, in each case of any member of the Group (but without double counting) where such 
Indebtedness or guarantee or indemnity in respect of Indebtedness (in whole or in part) has the 
benefit of any Security Interest granted over any assets of any member of the Group; 
"Secured Notes" means the EUR 25 million and EUR 24 million senior secured notes issued by 
the Issuer under its EUR 500,000,000 programme for the issuance of secured notes under its base 
prospectus dated 6 March 2013; 
"Secured Solvency Ratio" means, (i) the Secured Indebtedness of the Group on a consolidated 
basis divided by (ii) Consolidated Total Assets; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Threshold" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 7A (Adjustment of Interest 
Rate);

--- Page 53 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
"Step Down Event" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 7A (Adjustment of Interest Rate); 
"Step Up Event" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 7A (Adjustment of Interest Rate); 
"Step Up Margin" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 7A (Adjustment of Interest Rate); 
"Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB) in accordance 
with the requirements from time to time of the Financial Benchmarks Sweden AB (or any other 
Person which takes over the administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing 
rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each 
such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic STIBOR rates can be obtained 
from the designated distributor); 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control (directly or 
indirectly), whether by ownership of more than 50 per cent. of the share capital, contract, 
the power to appoint or remove the majority of members of the governing body of the 
second Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor 
system; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro; 
"Testing Date" means each of 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year 
from the first of such date following the Issue Date to the Maturity Date; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes or are Registered Notes, references to Coupons and 
Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions;

--- Page 54 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Trust 
Deed; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2 (Interpretation) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; 
(viii) 
any reference to the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference 
to the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, as the case may be, as amended and/or 
supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes; and 
(ix) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or 
regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be 
construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time 
to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer 
Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination 
will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of 
Bearer Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and 
"Couponholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a 
minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a 
smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder 
of Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered 
serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered 
Notes, "Holder" means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being 
registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and 
"Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) 
or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such 
Holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to Condition 3(i) (Closed periods) and 3.10 (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender 
of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified 
Office of the Registrar, together with such evidence as the Registrar may reasonably require to 
prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of 
transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal 
amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder 
are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are 
Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note 
Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the 
Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with Condition 3(f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar 
will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount

--- Page 55 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (at the request 
and risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the 
address specified for the purpose by such relevant Holder. In this Condition 3(g), "business day" 
means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Registrar but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of 
any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries 
on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior 
written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) 
by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 5(a) 
(Covenants – Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank 
pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by 
provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
5. 
Covenants 
(a) 
Negative Pledge: So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), the 
Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any 
Security Interest other than a Permitted Security Interest, upon the whole or any part of its present 
or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or to secure any Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness, in each case, without at the 
same time or prior thereto (i) securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith to the satisfaction 
of the Trustee or (ii) providing such other security for the Notes as the Trustee may in its absolute 
discretion consider to be not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or as may 
be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of Noteholders. 
(b) 
Financial Covenants: 
(i) 
Limitations on the Incurrence of Indebtedness 
So long as any Note remains outstanding the Issuer will not, and will not permit any 
Subsidiary to incur directly or indirectly, any Indebtedness or any Guarantee in respect of 
any Indebtedness (excluding for the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(i), any Permitted 
Refinancing Indebtedness) if, on the date of such incurrence and after giving pro forma 
effect thereto (including pro forma application of the proceeds), the Consolidated 
Solvency Ratio would exceed 65 per cent.; 
(ii) 
Maintenance of the Consolidated Coverage Ratio 
So long as any Note remains outstanding the Issuer undertakes that on each Testing Date 
the Consolidated Coverage Ratio is not less than 1.8:1; and 
(iii) 
Limitations on the Incurrence of Secured Indebtedness 
So long as any Note remains outstanding the Issuer will not, and will not permit any 
Subsidiary to incur directly or indirectly, any Secured Indebtedness (excluding for the 
purposes of this Condition 5(b)(iii), any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness) if, on the

--- Page 56 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
date of such incurrence and after giving pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma 
application of the proceeds), the Secured Solvency Ratio would exceed 45 per cent. 
The Issuer will promptly notify the Trustee in accordance with the Trust Deed in the event that any 
of the covenants in this Condition 5(b) are breached at any time. 
(c) 
Certificates 
(i) 
So long as any Note remains outstanding the Issuer will deliver a certificate to the Trustee 
on each Reporting Date signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer certifying that 
as at the most recent Testing Date the Issuer was in compliance with the undertaking set 
out in Condition 5(b)(ii) (Financial Covenants – Maintenance of the Consolidated 
Coverage Ratio) and that since the last Reporting Date either there has been no breach of 
the undertakings set out in Conditions 5(b)(i) (Financial Covenants - Limitations on the 
Incurrence of Indebtedness) and 5(b)(iii) (Financial Covenants - Limitations on the 
Incurrence of Secured Indebtedness) or providing details of any such breach. 
(ii) 
Any certificate addressed to the Trustee by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer as to 
any of the amounts of any defined term or figure referred to in Condition 5(b) (Financial 
Covenants) (unless expressly stated otherwise) may, in the absence of manifest error, be 
relied upon by the Trustee, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and 
Noteholders. 
(d) 
Insurance 
So long as any Note remains outstanding the Issuer shall, and shall procure that each Principal 
Subsidiary shall, maintain insurance with insurers of good standing on and in relation to its business 
and assets against those risks and to the extent as is prudent for companies located in the same or 
similar locations carrying on the same or substantially the same business carried on by it. 
(e) 
Notification of Default 
So long as any Note remains outstanding the Issuer shall notify the Trustee in writing of any Event 
of Default or Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) (and the steps, if any, being 
taken to remedy it) forthwith upon becoming aware of its occurrence. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). 
(c) 
Cessation of Interest 
Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case 
it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which 
is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it 
has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that 
there is any subsequent default in payment in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices)).

--- Page 57 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
(d) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant 
Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(e) 
Calculation of interest amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to 
the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination 
of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case 
of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(f) 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount 
This Condition 6(f) shall apply to Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Final Terms 
for such Notes specify that the Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention specified therein. The relevant amount of interest payable in respect 
of each Note for any Interest Period for such Notes shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. The 
Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant amount of interest and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) 
and the Issuer shall arrange for notice thereof to be published to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 20 (Notices) and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such 
exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination or calculation. 
(g) 
Notifications etc 
All notifications, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in 
the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note will cease 
to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by 
or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal 
Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes 
up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).

--- Page 58 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA, 
SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter, 
or, as the case may be, next longer, than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such 
sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, 
and such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner as an expert, determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic 
mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA 
Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions, provided that in 
any circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions the Calculation Agent would be required to 
exercise any discretion, including the selection of any reference banks and seeking quotations from 
reference banks, when calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which 
require the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer or its 
designee and under which: 
(i) 
If the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" as 
the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, is a 
period specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 59 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA 
Definitions; 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources 
as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, 
and such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner as an expert, determines appropriate; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) Lookback 
is the number of Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method 
in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business 
Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in relevant 
Final Terms;

--- Page 60 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Overnight 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, 
are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) shall be applicable and, (a) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the 
reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition 
of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by 
"Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being "SONIA" and "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not 
applicable. 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA 
plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 61 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes are due and payable). 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking 
Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as

--- Page 62 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five London 
Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA 
only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The 
SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken 
by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), the Calculation Bank determines that the SONIA Reference Rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 
7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), be: 
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; and (b) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference Rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (b) if this is more recent, the 
latest determined rate under (A). 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 7(e), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period).

--- Page 63 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
(f) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being "SOFR" and "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not 
applicable. 
(ii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(f): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily 
SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and 
other provisions set out in this Condition 7(f). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in 
determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other 
provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and 
including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR 
used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the 
provisions under Condition 7(f)(iv) below will apply. 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) 
and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required 
by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred- 
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 64 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such period 
is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 7(f)(iv) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so 
appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source; 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"; or

--- Page 65 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such 
date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Trustee or Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take 
or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or 
any other party. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; 
provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or 
the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 66 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or

--- Page 67 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving 
effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(v) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under Condition 
7(f)(iv) above will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take 
effect. 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 8; and 
(ii) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(vi) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this Condition 7(f), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the 
Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(g) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination) 
This Condition 7(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified

--- Page 68 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "€STR". 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
each Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(g): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + €STR𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 𝐷
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number 
is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Settlement Day as 
provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer 
published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each 
case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor 
administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i".

--- Page 69 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement 
Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement 
Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number 
of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift 
Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five 
TARGET Business Days. 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if, where any Rate of 
Interest is to be calculated pursuant to this Condition 7(f)(vi) above, in respect of any TARGET 
Settlement Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, 
such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of 
such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET 
Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published by the European Central 
Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(f)(vi) the 
Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(h) 
Interest – SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate Determination) 
This Condition 7(h) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
and "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 70 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant 
Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
(𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑)
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) × 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined 
and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" means either the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Compounded 
Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the End date; 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the Start date; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of 
Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking Days, and, 
in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the fifth decimal 
place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh decimal place in the case of 
the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, 
as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards); and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise specified 
shall be five. 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 
am (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank 
of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SOFR rate as published at 15:00 
(New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) 
on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of 
Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded Index, 
if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the relevant 
Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and as if Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR (as 
defined in Condition 7(e) or Condition 7(f), as applicable) had been specified instead in the Final 
Terms, and in each case "Observation Shift" had been specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, and where the Observation Shift Period for the purposes of that definition in 
Condition 7(e) or Condition 7(f) (as applicable) shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant 
Number specified in the Final Terms and where, in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, the 
Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, if (i) (in the

--- Page 71 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
case of SONIA Compounded Index) a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of SONIA, the 
provisions of Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) shall apply, and (ii) 
(in the case of SOFR Compounded Index) a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred in respect of SOFR, the provisions of Condition 
7(f)(iv) shall apply . 
(i) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(j) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying 
such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(k) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable 
after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof 
shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(l) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7 by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will 
attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(m) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration: If (i) the Notes become due and payable 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Events of Default) and (ii) the Rate of Interest for the Interest 
Period during which the Notes become due and payable is to be determined by reference to any of 
Conditions 7(e) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination)), 
7(f) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination)), 7(f)(vi) 
(Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination)) and 7(h) (Interest 
– SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate Determination)), then 
the final Interest Determination Date shall be the date on which the Notes become so due and 
payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest 
continues to accrue thereon as provided in the Trust Deed. 
(n) 
Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser): Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar- 
denominated floating rate Note for which the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being "SOFR", if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be determined 
by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 7(n)(i)) and, in either case, an Adjustment

--- Page 72 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 7(n)(ii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 7(n)(iii)). 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the Trustee, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 7(n) and the Trustee will not be liable for any loss, liability, cost, charge or expense 
which may arise as a result thereof 
(i) 
If the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
and following consultation with the Issuer determines in its discretion that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 7(n)(i)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) 
for the relevant Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 7(n) in the event of a further Benchmark 
Event affecting the Successor Rate; or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(n)(i)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for the relevant Interest Period 
and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 7(n) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative 
Rate. 
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be). 
(iii) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7(n) and the Independent Adviser determines in its 
discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or 
the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 7(n)(iv), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of 
doubt, the Trustee shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect 
such consequential amendments to the Trust Deed and these Conditions as the Trustee 
may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 7(n). 
(iv) 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (B) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 7(n) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the relevant Interest Period shall be 
the Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there 
has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate 
applicable to the first Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant 
to this Condition 7(n)(iv) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only. Any subsequent 
Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(n) 
(Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)). 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(n) will be notified promptly 
by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance

--- Page 73 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
with Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor 
Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where 
applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 7(n); and 
(B) 
certifying that (1) the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread and (2) the intent of the drafting of such changes is solely to 
implement the relevant Benchmark Amendments. 
The Trustee and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further 
enquiry and without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
(vii) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(viii) 
As used in this Condition 7(n): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for 
the Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
or 
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 7(n) is customary in market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of

--- Page 74 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate period and in the 
Specified Currency; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(n)(iii); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed 
that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by 
a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of 
the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Reference Rate 
is or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer 
representative of an underlying market or (ii) the methodology to calculate such 
Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D), or (E) above and the Specified 
Future Date in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public 
statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six 
months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned

--- Page 75 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
7A. 
Adjustment of Interest Rate 
This Condition 7A shall apply to Notes only where the Final Terms state that the Rate of Interest 
will be the Initial Rate of Interest. The Initial Rate of Interest payable on the Notes will be subject 
to adjustment in the event of a Step Up Event or a Step Down Event (each such adjustment a "Rate 
Adjustment"). Any Rate Adjustment shall be effective from and including the Interest Payment 
Date immediately following the effective date of the relevant Step Up Event or the relevant Step 
Down Event (and the relevant Interest Amount shall be adjusted accordingly). 
For any Interest Period commencing on or after the first Interest Payment Date immediately 
following the occurrence of a Step Up Event, the Rate of Interest shall be increased by the Step Up 
Margin. In the event that a Step Down Event occurs after the date of a Step Up Event (or on the 
same date but subsequent thereto) then for any Interest Period commencing on the first Interest 
Period following the occurrence of such Step Down Event, the Rate of Interest shall revert to the 
Initial Rate of Interest. 
The Issuer will cause each Step Up Event and each Step Down Event (including the effective date 
of such Step Up Event and each Step Down Event) to be notified to the Principal Paying Agent 
and the Trustee and notice thereof to be published to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 
(Notices) as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Step Up Event or the Step Down Event 
but in no event later than the tenth Business Day thereafter. 
There shall be no limit on the number of times that a Rate Adjustment may be made pursuant to 
this Condition 7A (Adjustment of Interest Rate) during the term of the Notes, provided always 
that at no time during the term of the Notes will the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes (i) be 
less than the Initial Rate of Interest or (ii) more than the Initial Rate of Interest plus the Step Up 
Margin. 
If a Step Up Event and, subsequently, a Step Down Event occur during the same Interest Period, 
the Rate of Interest on the Notes shall be neither increased nor decreased as a result of either such 
event. 
For so long as any of the Notes issued pursuant to this Condition 7A (Adjustment of Interest Rate) 
are outstanding, the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain a Rating from a Rating 
Agency. In the event that any Rating Agency fails to or ceases to assign a Rating, the Issuer shall 
use all reasonable efforts to obtain a Rating from a substitute Rating Agency and references in 
these Conditions to S&P, or the rating thereof, shall be to such substitute Rating Agency or, as the 
case may be, the equivalent Rating thereof. Where: 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the "Rate of Interest" initially payable in respect of the Notes 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rating" means the rating of the Notes, failing which, the rating of the Issuer's senior unsecured 
long-term debt by a Rating Agency; 
"Rating Agency" means: 
(i) 
S&P and its successors, or any other replacement rating agency as may be selected by the 
Issuer in its sole discretion (provided that such replacement rating agency is of equivalent 
standing) and notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 
(Notices); and 
(ii) 
any other rating agency at any time engaged by or on behalf of the Issuer to assign a rating 
of the Notes or of the Issuer's senior unsecured long-term debt, as notified by the Issuer to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), except if the Issuer

--- Page 76 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
subsequently notifies the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) that it 
has ceased to engage and solicit a rating from such rating agency 
"Rating Decrease" means a decrease in the Rating to below the Specified Threshold with the 
exception of a Rating Downgrade as defined in Condition 9(f) (Redemption and Purchase - Change 
of Control Put Option). 
"Specified Threshold" means Baa3 or BBB- or the equivalent. 
"Step Down Event" means where the Rate of Interest has previously been subject to an increase 
as a result of a Step Up Event due to (i) the first public announcement by the Rating Agency of a 
Rating Decrease, the first public announcement by such Rating Agency that it has assigned a Rating 
equal to or higher than the Specified Threshold, or (ii) the failure to assign or withdrawal of a 
Rating by the Rating Agency, the reinstatement of a Rating by the Rating Agency equal to or higher 
than the Specified Threshold. 
"Step Up Event" means (i) the first public announcement by the Rating Agency of a Rating 
Decrease, or (ii) the failure to assign, or withdrawal of, a Rating by the Rating Agency. 
"Step Up Margin" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) 
the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders 
that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to 
the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (unless the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, in accordance 
with Condition 20 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if, 
immediately before giving such notice, the Issuer satisfies the Trustee that: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of Finland or any political subdivision or any authority

--- Page 77 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, (but at no material cost) to mitigate the effects of the occurrence 
of the relevant events described in sub-paragraph (A) above, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 
days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 9(b), the 
Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Trustee (1) a certificate signed 
by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the obligation referred to in 
Condition 9(b)(ii)(A) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it and (2) an opinion in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence 
of the satisfaction of the circumstances set out in (1) and (2) above, in which event they 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(b), the Issuer shall 
be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part, on any date (the "Optional Redemption Date (Call)") 
on the Issuer's giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the applicable amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (together with accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call)) being either: 
(i) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(ii) 
the Make Whole Redemption Amount. 
The "Make Whole Redemption Amount" will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be: 
(i) 
if "Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (A) 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount of such Notes to be redeemed and (B) the principal amount of such Notes to be 
redeemed multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the 
Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), at which the Gross Redemption Yield 
to maturity (or, if applicable, to the Par Call Commencement Date) on such Notes on the 
Reference Date is equal to the sum of (x) the Gross Redemption Yield (as determined by 
reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the 
Reference Bond, plus (y) the Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination 
Agent; or

--- Page 78 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
(ii) 
if "Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms an amount, calculated by the Determination Agent and notified to the Issuer, equal 
to the higher of (A) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such Notes to be redeemed 
and (B) the sum of the then present values of each of the remaining scheduled payments 
of principal and interest on such Notes to maturity (or, if Par Call Commencement Date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Commencement Date) (not 
including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on an annual 
basis at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus the Make-Whole Redemption Margin, if 
any, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where the Make-Whole Redemption Amount is specified in the Final Terms, any such notice of 
redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which 
case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the 
Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded 
in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in 
its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date (Call), or by the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) so delayed. The Issuer shall notify the Agents, the Trustee and the Noteholders no later than 
three business days in advance of the Optional Redemption Date (Call) that the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) is delayed and as soon as practicable thereafter but no later than three 
business days in advance of such delayed Optional Redemption Date (Call) of any such delayed 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) and shall notify the Agents, the Trustee and the Noteholders of 
any such rescission of its notice of redemption no less than three business days prior to such 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) or Optional Redemption Date (Call) so delayed. 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of 
Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected on a pro rata basis by the drawing of lots 
in such place as the Principal Paying Agent approves and in such manner as the Principal Paying 
Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify 
the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed, and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note 
shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate 
principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or 
Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the total principal 
amount to be redeemed on such Optional Redemption Date (Call) shall in no event be greater than 
the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note on 
the date specified in the relevant Put Option Notice (the "Optional Redemption Date (Put)") at 
the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(e), the Holder of a Note must, not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such 
Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice 
in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited 
shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once 
deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(e), may 
be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly 
withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing 
Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option 
Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder 
against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held

--- Page 79 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(e), the depositor of such Note and not such 
Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(f) 
Change of Control Put Option: If this Condition 9(f) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, if at any time while any Note remains outstanding, there occurs: 
(i) 
a Change of Control (as defined below), and within the Change of Control Period, a Rating 
Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs (such Change of Control Event 
and Rating Downgrade not having been cured prior to the expiry of the Change of Control 
Period); or 
(ii) 
a Change of Control (as defined below), and, on the occurrence of the Change of Control, 
the Issuer is not rated by any Rating Agency, 
(each, a "Change of Control Put Event"), each Noteholder will have the option (the "Change of 
Control Put Option") (unless, prior to the giving of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as 
defined below), the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 9(b) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons) or Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to 
procure the purchase of, all or some of its Notes, on the Optional Redemption Date (as defined 
below) at the Early Termination Amount together with (or where purchased, together with an 
amount equal to) interest accrued to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
Immediately upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the 
Issuer shall give notice (a "Change of Control Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Event and 
the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option contained in this Condition 9(f). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, a Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred 
its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Principal Paying Agent specified in 
the Change of Control Put Option Notice (as defined below) for the account of the Issuer within 
the Change of Control Put Period together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in 
the then current form obtainable from the Principal Paying Agent (a "Change of Control Put 
Option Notice") and in which the Noteholder may specify a bank account to which payment is to 
be made under this Condition 9(f). 
A Change of Control Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem 
or, at the option of the Issuer procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect of which the Change of 
Control Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer of 
such Notes to the account of the Principal Paying Agent for the account of the Issuer as described 
above, on the Optional Redemption Date. Payment in respect of such Notes will be made on the 
Optional Redemption Date by transfer to the bank account specified in the Change of Control Put 
Option Notice. 
If 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes have been redeemed pursuant to this 
Condition 9(f), the Issuer may, on not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) given within 30 days after the Optional 
Redemption Date, redeem on a date to be specified in such notice at its option, all (but not some 
only) of the remaining Notes at the Early Termination Amount, together with interest accrued to 
but excluding the date of such redemption. 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put Event or Change 
of Control or any event which could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Change of 
Control Put Event or Change of Control has occurred or to notify the Noteholders of the same and, 
until it shall have actual knowledge or notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee 
may assume that no Change of Control Put Event or Change of Control or other such event has 
occurred. 
For the purpose of this Condition 9(f): 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred if at any time following the Issue Date, 
a person or persons, acting together, acquire (i) the beneficial ownership (directly or indirectly) of

--- Page 80 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
more than 50 per cent. of the total voting rights represented by shares of the Issuer, or (ii) the power 
to appoint or remove the majority of the members of the board of directors of the Issuer; 
"Change of Control Period" means the period (i) commencing on the date that is the earlier of 
(A) the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control; and (B) the date of the earliest 
Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below), if any, and (ii) ending on the date 
which is the 120th day after the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of 
Control (such 120th day, the "Initial Longstop Date"); provided that, unless any other Rating 
Agency has on or prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in respect of its 
rating of the Issuer, if a Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time during the period 
commencing on the date which is 60 days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on the 
Initial Longstop Date, that it has placed its rating of the Issuer under consideration for rating review 
either entirely or partially as a result of the relevant public announcement of the Change of Control 
or Potential Change of Control Announcement, the Change of Control Period shall be extended to 
the date which falls 90 days after the date of such public announcement by such Rating Agency; 
"Change of Control Put Period" means the period from and including the date on which a Change 
of Control Put Event occurs (whether or not the Issuer has given a Change of Control Put Event 
Notice in respect of such event) to and including the date falling 60 days after the date on which 
such Change of Control Put Event Notice is given, provided that if no Change of Control Put 
Event Notice is given, the Change of Control Put Period shall not terminate; 
"Optional Redemption Date" means, in respect of any Note, the date which falls 14 days after 
the date on which the relevant holder exercises its option in accordance with Condition 9(f) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Change of Control Put Option); 
"Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or statement by 
the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any designated adviser thereto relating to any specific 
and near-term potential Change of Control (where "near-term" shall mean that such potential 
Change of Control is reasonably likely to occur, or is publicly stated by the Issuer, any such actual 
or potential bidder or any such designated adviser to be intended to occur, within 120 days of the 
date of such announcement of statement); and 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if 
within the Change of Control Period (i) the rating previously assigned to the Notes or to the Issuer 
by any Rating Agency is withdrawn and not subsequently reinstated within the Change of Control 
Period or (ii) the non-investment grade rating previously assigned to the Notes or to the Issuer by 
any Rating Agency is lowered one rating category (for example, from Ba1/BB+ to Ba2/BB or such 
similar lower or equivalent rating) and not subsequently upgraded within the Change of Control 
Period or (iii) an Investment Grade Rating Change occurs and is not subsequently reinstated within 
the Change of Control Period, provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a 
particular withdrawal of or change in rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a 
particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency making the change in rating to which this 
definition would otherwise apply does not publicly announce or publicly confirm that the 
withdrawal or reduction was the result of the applicable Change of Control. 
(g) 
Clean-up Call Option: If the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, in the event that Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding 80 per 
cent. of the principal amount of the Notes have been purchased and cancelled or redeemed by the 
Issuer (other than as a result of the exercise by the Issuer of its redemption right under Condition 
9(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer)) the Issuer may, on giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), redeem on the date specified in such notice all, but not some only, of the 
remaining Notes in that Series at their Early Termination Amount (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) together with any interest accrued to but excluding the date set for redemption. 
(h) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in Condition (a) (Redemption and Purchase - Scheduled redemption) to Condition 9(g) 
(Clean-up Call Option) above.

--- Page 81 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(i) or, if 
none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase or procure others to 
purchase for its account Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all 
unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith (if applicable). The Notes so purchased may be held 
or resold (provided that such resale is outside the United States and is otherwise in compliance 
with all applicable laws) or surrendered for cancellation at the option of the Issuer or otherwise, as 
the case may be in compliance with Condition 9(k) (Redemption and Purchase - Cancellation). 
The Notes so purchased, while held by or on behalf of the Issuer or any such Subsidiary shall not 
entitle the holder to vote at any meeting of the Noteholders and shall not be deemed to be 
outstanding for the purposes of calculating quorums at meetings of the Noteholders or for the 
purposes of Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution). 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes which are redeemed pursuant to Conditions 9(b) (Redemption and 
Purchase - Redemption for tax reasons), 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer), 9(e) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of Noteholders), 
9(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Change of Control Put Option) and 9(g) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Clean-up Call Option) or submitted for cancellation pursuant to Condition 9(j) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Purchase) will be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. If the 
Notes are admitted to trading on a stock exchange, then for so long as the Notes are admitted to 
trading on such exchange and if the rules of such exchange so require, the Issuer shall promptly 
inform such exchange of the cancellation of any Notes under this Condition 9(k). 
10. 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency 
is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the 
payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 10(h) (Payments – Bearer Notes - 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and 
(provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in Condition 10(a) 
(Payments – Bearer Notes - Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due 
when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) 
payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases 
to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without

--- Page 82 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) 
as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons 
(the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that where this Condition 10(e)(ii)(A) would 
otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing 
Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which 
the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal 
due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 10(a) 
(Payments – Bearer Notes - Principal) above against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. No payments will be 
made in respect of void Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: On the due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption 
in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 9(e) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 
9(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Change of Control Put Option), Condition 9(g) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons 
relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in 
respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer 
Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not 
be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business 
Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the

--- Page 83 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted 
by Condition 10(c) (Payments – Bearer Notes - Payments in New York City) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating 
the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent for a further 
Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of 
which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription)). Upon the due 
date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become 
void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
11. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified 
Office of the Principal Paying Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any 
such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, 
any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, 
a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town 
clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by transfer to an account denominated in that currency 
(or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency and (in the 
case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the 
next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated on the due date for payment. A Holder 
of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay 
in payment resulting from the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in 
the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the 
amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as 
the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office 
on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). Where payment in 
respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address 
shown as the address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record 
Date.

--- Page 84 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Finland or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding 
or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with Finland other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for 
payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of 
such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting 
or surrendering such Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of 
such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than Finland, references 
in these Conditions to Finland shall be construed as references to Finland and such other 
jurisdiction. 
(c) 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal or interest shall be deemed to include any additional 
amounts in respect of principal or interest (as the case may be) which may be payable under this 
Condition 12 or any undertaking given in addition to or in substitution of this Condition 12 pursuant 
to the Trust Deed. 
13. 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of not less than one- 
fifth in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (subject in the case of Condition 13(d) (Breach of other obligations) and Condition 
13(i) (Invalidity or unenforceability) below, to the Trustee having certified in writing that the 
happening of such event is in its opinion materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders 
and, in all cases, to the Trustee being indemnified and/or prefunded and/or secured to its 
satisfaction) shall, give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are and they shall immediately become 
due and repayable in each case at their principal amount together with accrued interest if any of 
the following events (each, an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment of principal: The Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal payable in respect of 
any of the Notes when due and such default continues for a period of seven days; or 
(b) 
Non-payment of interest: The Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest payable in respect of any 
of the Notes when due and such default continues for a period of 14 days; or 
(c) 
Breach of covenants: The Issuer fails to meet the Consolidated Coverage Ratio set out in Condition 
5(b)(ii) (Covenants – Financial Covenants – Maintenance of the Consolidated Coverage Ratio) on 
any two consecutive Testing Dates; or 
(d) 
Breach of other obligations: The Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its 
other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Trust Deed and (except in any case where 
the Trustee considers the failure to be incapable of remedy, when no continuation or notice as is 
hereafter mentioned will be required) such default continues unremedied for 30 days or such longer 
period as the Trustee may agree after the Trustee has given written notice thereof to the Issuer 
requiring the same to be remedied; or

--- Page 85 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
(e) 
Cross-default: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as the 
case may be) within any originally applicable grace period and remains unpaid; or 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable 
prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at the option of: 
(A) 
the Issuer; 
(B) 
the Noteholders (pursuant to Condition 9(e) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 9(f) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Change of Control Put Option)); 
(C) 
the relevant Subsidiary; or 
(D) 
(provided that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any 
Person entitled to such Indebtedness; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under 
any guarantee of any Indebtedness (including any indemnity of such Indebtedness or any 
arrangement having a similar effect) and remains unpaid; 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in Condition 13(e)(i) and Condition 13(e)(ii) 
above and/or the amount payable under any guarantee or indemnity referred to in Condition 
13(e)(iii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds 1 per cent. of Consolidated Total Assets 
and provided further that no default shall occur under Condition 13(e)(ii) above where such 
default occurs as a direct result of a change in legislation or regulations in Finland, whereby the 
Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries are prohibited from holding state subsidised loans and the Issuer 
and/or any Subsidiary (as applicable) therefore is required to redeem such loans prior to their 
original maturity as a result thereof; or 
(f) 
Judgment default: One or more final judgments or orders or arbitration awards for the payment of 
an amount exceeding EUR 20,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies, 
whether individually or in aggregate, is rendered or granted against the Issuer or any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after the date thereof 
or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
(g) 
Security enforced: A secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer 
is appointed, of the whole or a substantial (in the opinion of the Trustee) part of the undertaking, 
assets and revenues of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries; or 
(h) 
Bankruptcy: 
(i) 
the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its 
debts as they fall due; 
(ii) 
a petition is filed, or an order is made by any competent court, or any resolution is passed 
by the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, in each case, for winding-up (selvitystila), 
company reorganisation (yrityssaneeraus) or bankruptcy (konkurssi) of (A) the Issuer, 
and/or (B) any Principal Subsidiary, save for any proceedings or actions which are 
contested in good faith and discharged, stayed or dismissed within twenty-eight (28) days 
of their commencement; 
(iii) 
any event occurs which under the laws of Finland or Russia has an analogous effect to any 
of the events referred to in sub-paragraphs 13(h)(i) or (ii) above; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries takes any action for a readjustment or 
deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of 
any of its Indebtedness or any guarantee of any Indebtedness given by it,

--- Page 86 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
in each case, otherwise than, in respect of a Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant 
to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent by the Group 
(i) 
Invalidity or unenforceability: any action, condition or thing (including any consent approvals, 
registration or filing) at any time required to be taken, fulfilled, obtained or done in order (A) to 
enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and perform and comply with its 
obligations under and in respect of the Notes, the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, (B) to 
ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and (C) to make the Notes, 
the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement admissible as evidence in the courts of England or 
Finland is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(i) 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes, the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement; or 
(j) 
Substantial change in business: The Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries ceases or threatens 
to cease to carry on all or any substantial part of its business (otherwise than, in the case of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or 
restructuring whilst solvent by the Group). 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes 
are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment 
within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption 
in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are 
surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the 
Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing and trading 
by any competent authority or stock exchange which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent 
in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such 
competent authority and/or stock exchange), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority 
and/or stock exchange requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in 
connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and 
otherwise as the Issuer and/or the Replacement Agent may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
16. 
Trustee and Agents 
Under the Trust Deed, the Trustee is entitled to be indemnified and relieved from responsibility in 
certain circumstances and to be paid its costs and expenses in priority to the claims of the 
Noteholders. In addition, the Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer 
and any entity relating to the Issuer without accounting for any profit and to act as trustee for the 
holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer and any of its 
Subsidiaries. 
Unless ordered to do so by a court of competent jurisdiction or unless required by applicable law 
or the rules of any stock exchange that the Notes may be listed on, the Trustee shall not be required 
to disclose to any Noteholder any confidential financial or other information made available to the 
Trustee by the Issuer. 
In the exercise of its powers and discretions under these Conditions and the Trust Deed, the Trustee 
will have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and will not be responsible for any 
consequence for individual Holders of Notes or Coupons as a result of such Holders being 
connected in any way with a particular territory or taxing jurisdiction.

--- Page 87 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and (to the extent provided therein) the Trustee and do not 
assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right (with the prior 
approval of the Trustee) at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to 
appoint a successor principal paying agent or registrar or Calculation Agent and additional or 
successor paying agents in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement; provided, 
however, that: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a principle paying agent and a registrar; and 
(ii) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(iii) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing and trading by any competent 
authority and/or stock exchange which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any 
particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in 
the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders. 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision 
of these Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed. Any such modification may be 
made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer 
or by the Trustee and shall be convened by the Trustee (subject to its being indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not 
less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any 
meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or 
representing a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any 
adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or 
more persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one 
quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders 
and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders, may be convened at a physical location, or such other 
method (which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video conference) as the 
Trustee may determine in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
In addition, a resolution in writing and electronic consent signed by or on behalf of not less than 
75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding will take effect as if it 
were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document 
or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver: The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, agree to any modification of these Conditions, the Notes, the Agency Agreement 
or the Trust Deed (other than in respect of a Reserved Matter) which is, in the opinion of the Trustee 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of Noteholders and to any modification of these 
Conditions, the Notes, the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is to correct a manifest error. In addition, the Trustee may, without the consent 
of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, authorise or waive any proposed breach or breach of any 
Condition of the Notes, the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed (other than a proposed breach or 
breach relating to the subject of a Reserved Matter) or determine without the consent of the

--- Page 88 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
Noteholders that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) 
shall not be treated as such) if, in the opinion of the Trustee, the interests of the Noteholders will 
not be materially prejudiced thereby. Any such authorisation, waiver or modification shall be 
binding on the Noteholders and shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter 
unless the Trustee agrees otherwise. With respect to any such waiver, the Trustee shall not exercise 
any powers conferred upon it in contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or of a request in writing made by the holders of not less than 25 per cent. in aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. 
Additionally, the Issuer may, subject to Condition 7(j) (Floating Rate Note Provisions − 
Calculation of Interest Amount), vary or amend these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the 
Agency Agreement to give effect to certain amendments without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders of the relevant Notes or Coupons, as described in Condition 7(n) 
(Benchmark Replacement) and the Trustee shall agree to such variations or amendments in 
accordance with Condition 7(j) (Floating Rate Note Provisions − Calculation of Interest Amount). 
(c) 
Substitution: The Trust Deed contains provisions requiring the Trustee, subject to such amendment 
of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trust Deed sets out but without the consent of 
the Noteholders (and subject to prior notification to, and confirmation from, any relevant Rating 
Agency that there is no adverse change to the credit rating granted by such Rating Agency in 
respect of the Notes) to substitute any company in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute 
under Clause 8.3 (Amendment and Substitution – Substitution) of the Trust Deed), as principal 
debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes. No Noteholder shall, in connection with any such 
substitution, be entitled to claim from the Issuer or the Trustee any indemnification or payment in 
respect of any tax consequence of any such substitution upon individual Noteholders, except to the 
extent provided in Condition 12 (Taxation) (or any undertaking given in addition to or substitution 
of it pursuant to the provisions of the Trust Deed). 
18. 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, institute such proceedings as it 
thinks fit to enforce its rights under the Trust Deed and these Conditions in respect of the Notes, 
but it shall not be bound to do so unless: 
(i) 
it has been so requested in writing by the Holders of at least one-fifth of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes or has been so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution; and 
(ii) 
it has been indemnified and/or prefunded and/or secured to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder may proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound 
to do so, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
Until the Trustee has actual or express knowledge to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no 
Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) has occurred. 
The Trustee is not liable for any failure to monitor compliance by the Issuer with the Conditions 
(including Condition 5(a) (Covenants – Negative Pledge) and Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
19. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without notice to or the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders and in accordance with the Trust Deed, create and issue further notes having the 
same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the date for and 
amount of the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. The Issuer may 
from time to time, with the consent of the Trustee, create and issue other series of notes having the 
benefit of the Trust Deed. 
20. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading 
newspaper having general circulation in the Republic of Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish

--- Page 89 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
Times or if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper 
having general circulation in Europe) or published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first 
publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which 
publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed 
for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class 
mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses 
on the Register. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the 
date of mailing. If the Registered Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulations, notices to Noteholders will be published on the date 
of such mailing in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Republic of Ireland (which is 
expected to be the Irish Times or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English 
language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe) or published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first 
date on which publication is made. 
(c) 
Global Note or a Global Registered Note: So long as any of the Notes are represented by a Global 
Note or a Global Registered Note, notices required to be published in accordance with Condition 
20 (Notices) may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the relevant accountholders, provided that in the case 
of Notes that are admitted to Euronext Dublin: (i) such notice is also delivered to Euronext Dublin; 
and (ii) so long as the relevant Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and the rules of 
Euronext Dublin so require, publication will also be made in a leading daily newspaper having 
general circulation in the Republic of Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times) or published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com). Any such notice shall be deemed to 
be given on the date of delivery to the relevant clearing system. 
21. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or any order or judgment given or made in 
relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same is 
payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second 
currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining 
an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or 
made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand 
of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of 
the Principal Paying Agent, with its Specified Office in London, against any loss suffered as a 
result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the 
sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of 
exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first 
currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in 
part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof, on the date of such receipt. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
22. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards.

--- Page 90 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
23. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes, the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with any of them, are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The Issuer has irrevocably agreed for the benefit of the Trustee and the Noteholders, 
that the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise 
out of or in connection with the Trust Deed and/or the Notes or any non-contractual obligation 
arising out of or in connection with them and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of 
the English courts. 
The Issuer waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum. The Trustee and the Noteholders may take any suit, action or 
proceedings (together referred to as "Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Trust 
Deed and the Notes against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions if and to the extent permitted by law. 
(c) 
Appointment of process agent: The Issuer appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 
Eighth Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG as its agent for service of process, and 
undertakes that, in the event of such agent ceasing so to act, it will appoint another person approved 
by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing 
herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 91 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche issued under the 
Programme.1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended ("EU MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
[EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU 
MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any [person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[EU MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU MiFID II]; EITHER [or (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services - subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under EU MiFID II, as applicable]. [Consider any 
 
1 
In the circumstances that the Form of Final Terms are being used for the issuance of Exempt Notes all 
EU Prospectus Regulation language should be removed. 
2 
Include where Part B item 7(v) of the Final Terms specifies "Applicable". 
3 
Include where Part B item 7(vi) of the Final Terms specifies "Applicable".

--- Page 92 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under EU MiFID II, as applicable.]] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
SATO CORPORATION 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 7437009ELUGUOA45V564 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 14 June 2024 [and the supplemental base prospectus 
dated [•] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for 
the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.]4] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [17 May 2019/13 March 2020] which is incorporated 
by reference in the base prospectus dated 14 June 2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the base prospectus dated 14 June 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [•] [and [•]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (the 
"Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms are available for 
viewing on the website of The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") 
(https://live.euronext.com) and is also available at the SATO Corporation website (https://www.sato.fi/en). 
The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
 
4 
Language to be removed if Notes are unlisted.

--- Page 93 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not 
be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
SATO Corporation 
2. 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
[Tranche Number: 
[•]] 
 
(ii) 
[Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [•] on [[•]/the Issue Date/exchange 
of the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 22 
below [which is expected to occur on or about [•]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
[Series: 
[•]] 
 
(ii) 
[Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on [•] [Specify 
date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and 
year] 
 
 
[For fixed rate notes where the Interest Payment Dates 
are subject to modification, the Maturity Date will be 
the Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year]

--- Page 94 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/SONIA/SOFR
/€ STR] 
 
 
+/–[•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below 
and identify there/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[N t Applicable] [Investor Put] 
 
 
[Change of Control Put] (This option is contained in 
Condition (f) (Redemption and Purchase – Change of 
Control Put Option)) 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Clean-Up Call] 
 
 
[(See paragraph(s) [17/18/19] below)] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(ii) 
[[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes] obtained:] 
[•] 
ISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 14) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[The Initial Rate of Interest is] [•] per cent. per annum 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(For Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to modification: The amount of interest 
payable for any Interest Period is to be calculated in 
accordance with Condition (f) (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions – Notes accruing interest otherwise than a 
Fixed Coupon Amount) 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360]

--- Page 95 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
 
(vi) 
[Ratings Step Up / Step Down: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
[Step Up Margin: 
[•] per cent. per annum]] 
 
(viii) 
[Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
amount 
of 
interest payable for any interest 
period following any Rate 
Adjustment (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent):] 
[[•] shall be the Calculation Agent.] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 15) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention / No 
Adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Reference Rate: 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/SONIA/SOFR
/€ STR] 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [ ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [ ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days /Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
D: 
[360/365/[ ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Index Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 96 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
 
SONIA Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
SOFR Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Decimal Place 
[ ] [5/7] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA 
Compounded Index and the seventh decimal place in 
the case of the SOFR Compounded Index) 
 
Relevant Number of Index Days 
[ ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period]/ (select where Interest Determination Date 
has the meaning specified in Condition 7(e) (Interest 
– Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA (Screen 
Rate Determination), 7(f) (Interest – Floating Rate 
Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination) 
or 7(g) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing 
€STR (Screen Rate Determination)) [•] [London 
Banking Days/U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days/TARGET Settlement Days] prior to each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected from one 
of: EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA Definitions 
apply) EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions 
apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded 
Index / GBP SONIA / GBP SONIA Compounded Index 
/ USD- SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded Index (each 
as defined in the ISDA Definitions). 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
Reset Date: 
[•] / [as specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
 
 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•] / [Not Applicable]]

--- Page 97 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
 
 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: 
[•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
 
 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
 
 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: 
[•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Linear interpolation 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period) 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[The Margin for the calculation of the Initial Rate of 
Interest shall be] [+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
Condition 7A (Adjustment of Interest Rate) [applies] / 
[does not apply]. 
 
(xii) 
[Step Up Margin: 
[•] per cent. per annum]] 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 98 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 16) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amount: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360] 
PROVIISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[•]/[Any date from and including [date] to but 
excluding [date]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount/Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount] [in the case of the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) falling [on [•]]/in the period from and 
including [date] to but excluding [date]. 
 
(iii) 
Par Call Commencement Date: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(iv) 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / 
Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
(a) – (d) of this paragraph 17) 
 
[(a) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption Margin: 
[•] per cent. 
 
[(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[•] 
 
 
(Where Make Whole Redemption Amount may be 
calculated to the Par Call Commencement Date, 
include Reference Bond relating to such Par Call 
Commencement Date). 
 
[(c) 
Quotation Time: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(vii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
18. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[•]

--- Page 99 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
19. 
Change of Control Put Option/Put 
Event: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
 
(A put option is contained in Condition (e) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders) and a Change of Control Put Option 
is contained in Condition (f) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Change of Control Put Option). 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons, 
exercise of a Clean-up Call Option, 
event 
of 
default 
or 
other 
early 
redemption: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
 
 
(The exchange upon notice/at any time options should 
not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes includes language 
substantially to the following effect: "€100,000 and 
integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and 
including €199,000". 
 
 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any 
issuance of Notes which is to be represented on issue 
by a Permanent Bearer Global Notes exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes.) 
 
 
[Registered Notes:]

--- Page 100 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
 
 
[Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual 
Note Certificates on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Global 
Registered Note] 
 
 
[Global Registered Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure (NSS))] 
23. 
New Global Note / New Safekeeping 
Structure: 
[Yes] / [No] / [Not Applicable] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. 
 
 
Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not the end dates of interest periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub- paragraph 15(v) relates] 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
left.] 
 
SIGNED on behalf of SATO CORPORATION: 
 
By:  .......................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 101 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
26. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application [has been] [is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin 
with effect from [•].] 
 
 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[•] 
27. 
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[are unrated]. [The following ratings reflect 
ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [•]] 
 
 
[Moody's Investor Service Limited: [•]] 
 
 
[Fitch Ratings Limited: [•]] 
 
 
[Add a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if previously published by the ratings provider.] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended] / [is not established in the EEA but the 
rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], 
which is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended] / [is not 
established in the EEA but is certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended] / [•]. 
28. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the statement below:) 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.) 
29. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED PROCEEDS 
 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General Corporate Purposes / Green Bonds / [•]]

--- Page 102 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
 
 
[See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – 
if reasons for the offer are different from General 
Corporate Purposes or Green Bonds, will need to 
include those reasons here.] 
 
[(b)] 
Estimated proceeds: 
[•] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
30. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
31. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not 
Available] 
 
(iv) 
CFI Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN /Not Applicable / Not 
Available] 
 
 
(If the CFI Code and/or FISN is not required or 
requested, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable".) 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear, 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[•]/Not Applicable 
 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,][include this 
text for registered notes]] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such

--- Page 103 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of 
one 
of 
the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]]. 
 
 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
32. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Dealers 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [(In the case of 
Bearer Notes) - [TEFRA C/TEFRA D / TEFRA not 
applicable]] 
 
(v) 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products, and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.)] 
 
(vi) 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products, and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.)] 
 
(vii) 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] is provided by 
[administrator legal name] [repeat as necessary]. As at

--- Page 104 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]]/[As 
far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] does not fall 
within 
the 
scope 
of 
the 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[Not Applicable]] 
33. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO GREEN BONDS 
 
Green Bonds: 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Reviewer(s):] 
[Name of sustainability rating agency(ies) [and name 
of third party assurance agent] and [give details of 
compliance opinion(s) and availability]] 
 
[Date of Third Party Opinion(s):] 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 105 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, 
for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a Classic 
Global Note ("CGN"), or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, 
as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered 
Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held 
by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each 
an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the 
Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising 
under such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be 
determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a 
Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in 
respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions Applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or 
Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in 
respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Calculation of interest: The calculation of any interest amount in respect of any Note which is represented 
by a Global Note or Global Registered Note will be calculated on the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Registered Note, as the case may be, and 
not by reference to the Calculation Amount. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the currency 
of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is 
not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System

--- Page 106 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being 
held is open for business. 
Exercise of Put Option or Change of Control Put Option: In order to exercise the option contained in 
Condition (e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders) and Condition (f) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Change of Control Put Option) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or 
the holder of a Global Registered Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit 
of the relevant Note give written notice of such exercise to the Principal Paying Agent, in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or other relevant clearing system, 
specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such 
notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition (c) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, 
the Permanent Global Note or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount 
specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected 
as provided in the Conditions but on a pro rata basis in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), 
or the Global Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system provided that in the case of Notes 
that are admitted to Euronext Dublin: (i) such notice is also delivered to Euronext Dublin; and (ii) so long 
as the relevant Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and the rules of Euronext Dublin so 
require, publication will also be made in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in the 
Republic of Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times) or published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com).

--- Page 107 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the issue of each Series of Notes will, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be used by the Issuer as follows: 
(a) 
where "General Corporate Purposes" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for its general 
corporate purposes; or 
(b) 
where "Green Bonds" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, specifically to, in whole or in part, 
finance or refinance loans and investments that promote the transition to low-carbon, climate 
resilient and sustainable economies, as well as environmental and ecosystem improvements 
("Eligible Green Assets"), as set out in the Green Finance Framework (from time to time) 
available on the Issuer's website (https://www.sato.fi/en/finances-investors/financing/green-
financing) and as described in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Green Finance 
Framework". 
According to the definition criteria set out in the ICMA Green Bond Principles, only Tranches of Notes 
financing or refinancing Eligible Green Assets will be classified as "Green Bonds". 
For a "Green Bond" to be issued, Eligible Green Assets at least amounting to the intended issuance size 
must have been identified. In particular, if the applicable Final Terms indicates that Notes are intended to 
constitute "Green Bonds", an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the "Green Bonds" will be used to 
finance or refinance Eligible Green Assets that have been evaluated and selected by the Issuer in accordance 
with the Green Finance Framework. The Issuer's finance department will monitor the allocation of such 
amount to Eligible Green Assets in the Issuer's internal information systems and database. Pending the 
allocation of such amount to Eligible Green Assets, any such unallocated amounts will be invested in 
accordance with Issuer's liquidity guidelines, for the repayment of indebtedness, other capital management 
purposes or for the financing of green activities. 
The Issuer will, on an annual basis, publish an impact report. The report will include details on the 
environmental impacts of the Eligible Green Assets at a portfolio level and will be published until the 
maturity of the relevant "Green Bonds" and made available on the Issuer's website. 
The use of proceeds reporting, included in annual allocation report, will be subject for an annual review by 
an external party. A verification report provided by the external party will be published on the Issuer's 
website. 
Eligible Green Assets relevant for use under the Green Finance Framework include assets related to: (i) 
green and energy efficient buildings, (ii) energy efficiency and (iii) renewable energy, each as further 
detailed in the Green Finance Framework. 
More information regarding reporting in respect of the Green Bonds can be found in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Green Finance Framework".

--- Page 108 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
GREEN FINANCE FRAMEWORK 
The Issuer has established its Green Finance Framework. Under the Green Finance Framework, the Issuer 
may issue Green Bonds to finance and/or refinance Eligible Green Assets. The Issuer may, in the future, 
update the Green Finance Framework in line with developments in corporate strategy, technology and 
market. 
The Issuer believes that the Green Finance Framework is aligned with the following four recommended 
components of the International Capital Market Association's Green Bond Principles: Use of Proceeds 
(Section 2), Process for Project/Asset Evaluation and Selection (Section 3), Management of Proceeds 
(Section 4) and Reporting (Section 5). This conclusion is confirmed by the Second Party Opinion dated 6 
March 2023 obtained by the Issuer from S&P, an external independent reviewer of green bonds which 
confirms the alignment of the Green Finance Framework with the aforementioned market standards. 
The Issuer will also follow, on a best efforts basis, the disclosure guidelines found in the ICMA Climate 
Transition Finance Handbook, 2020. S&P has confirmed that the Issuer's climate transition strategy has 
adopted a majority of the recommended disclosures on the four key elements of the ICMA Climate 
Transition Finance Handbook, 2020. S&P, as an approved third-party verifier, has been appointed to 
confirm the "Green Bonds" conformance with the criteria of the Climate Bonds Initiative Standard. 
Eligible Green Assets will be selected by the Issuer's Green Finance Committee, comprising: (i) the CFO, 
(ii) Treasurer and (iii) Head of Sustainability of the Issuer. This committee will verify the compliance of 
the selected Eligible Green Assets with the eligibility criteria at least on an annual basis through reporting 
for so long as it has "Green Bonds" outstanding, including "Use of Proceeds reporting" and "Impact 
reporting". 
Each of the Green Finance Framework, the Second Party Opinion, any updates to the Green Finance 
Framework and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of any such "Green Bonds" will be available on the Issuer's website at 
https://www.sato.fi/en/finances-investors/financing/green-financing for further information and will not be 
incorporated into and will not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 109 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
General 
The business name of the Issuer is SATO Corporation. SATO Corporation is a public limited liability 
company established on 2 February 1951 and organised under the laws of Finland, including the Finnish 
Companies Act (624/2006, as amended). The Issuer is registered in the Finnish Trade Register under 
business identity code 0201470-5. Its registered address is Panuntie 4, FI-00610 Helsinki, Finland and 
telephone number is +358 20 334 443. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has a total of 
85,062,444 shares and its share capital is EUR 4,442,192. The shares of the Issuer have no par value. The 
Issuer holds 166,000 own shares that represent 0.2 per cent. of all the issued and outstanding shares and 
voting rights of the Issuer. 
According to the Issuer's articles of association, the Issuer's field of activity is investing in housing. The 
Issuer may, directly or through its subsidiaries, own and develop real property, shares and units in housing 
and property companies and engage in rental business. The Issuer may, directly or through its subsidiaries, 
engage in construction and sale of housing and commercial premises and housing management and 
maintenance business operations as well as planning, consultancy and sale of services related to the above. 
The Issuer may engage in sale and brokerage of housing, commercial premises and real property, as well 
as trading in securities. For further information on SATO's operations, see "—Business Overview" below. 
The parent company of the Group is SATO Corporation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer 
had 13 directly owned subsidiaries. All of the Issuer's direct subsidiaries (subsidiaries which are wholly-
owned and controlled by the Issuer) and indirect subsidiaries (subsidiaries which are wholly-owned and 
controlled by the Issuer's direct subsidiaries) are incorporated in Finland. Fastighets AB Balder ("Balder"), 
a Swedish property investment company, had an indirect holding of 57.0 per cent of the shares in the Issuer 
as at 31 March 2024. See also "Shareholders". 
The following chart sets forth the principal legal structure of the Group as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
 
As a holding company, the Issuer's material assets are its shareholdings in its subsidiaries and the properties 
held by such subsidiaries. The operating cash flow is generated by the Issuer's subsidiaries, mainly by Sato-
Asunnot Oy that owns the majority of the Group's investment properties. Other than the receivables under 
intercompany loans and any other loans made in connection with other financing transactions, the Issuer

--- Page 110 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
largely depends on group subsidy payments and distribution of dividends from its subsidiaries. Therefore, 
the Issuer is dependent on the profitability and cash flow of its subsidiaries. 
"Generally Non-profit Companies" and "Financially Non-profit Companies" (each, as defined below) are 
Group companies that are obliged to comply with certain specific provisions and restrictions arising from 
Finnish legislation regarding state-subsidised housing. Of SATO's property portfolio, 8 per cent., as 
measured by fair value as at 31 December 2023, are held by the Issuer's subsidiaries that are Generally 
Non-profit Companies or Financially Non-profit Companies. 
Generally non-profit companies are Group companies that are obliged to comply with certain specific 
limitations and restrictions relating to distribution of profit, lending and provision of collateral, the 
divestment of assets as well as fixed-term restrictions of use of the subsidised property, including, among 
others, selection of residents and setting of rent ("Generally Non-profit Companies"). Of the Group's 
properties measured by fair value as at 31 December 2023, 4 per cent. were held by Generally Non-profit 
Companies. 
Financially non-profit companies are Group companies that are obliged to comply with certain specific 
provisions and restrictions relating to lending and provision of collateral, the divestment of assets as well 
as fixed-term restrictions on the use of subsidised property, including, among others, selection of residents 
("Financially Non-profit Companies"). A principal difference between Financially Non-profit Companies 
and Generally Non-profit Companies is that Financially Non-profit Companies are not subject to limitations 
and restrictions in relation to distribution of profit whereas Generally Non-profit Companies are. Of the 
Group's properties measured by fair value as at 31 December 2023, 4 per cent. were held by Financially 
Non-profit Companies. See also "—Business Overview—SATO's Business Segments" below. 
Overview of the Operating Environment in Finland 
General 
SATO's properties are located in Finland. SATO provides homes to approximately 43,000 people. 
Households comprising of one or two adults represent the majority among SATO's resident structure. As 
at 31 December 2023, Finland had a population of 5,603,851 (Source: Statistics Finland). The Finnish 
economy has grown for four consecutive years between 2016 and 2019, although did suffer a contraction 
of 2.4 per cent. in 2020, primarily due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic (Source: Statistics 
Finland). The gross domestic product of Finland grew by 1.3 per cent. in 2022, decreased by 1.0 per cent. 
in 2023 and is expected to decrease by 0.5 per cent. in 2024 and grow by 1.7 per cent. in 2025 (Source: 
Finnish Government). Furthermore, unemployment has increased in Finland and the unemployment rate 
was 7.1 per cent. in December 2023 (Source: Statistics Finland). 
Apartment Stock 
As at 31 December 2023, Finland's apartment stock consisted of approximately 3.3 million apartments of 
which 2.8 million were permanently occupied (Source: Statistics Finland). In 2022, approximately 
61 per cent. were owner-occupied apartments and approximately 35 per cent. were rental apartments 
(Source: Statistics Finland). In Helsinki, approximately 50 per cent. were rental apartments as at 31 
December 2023 (Source: City of Helsinki).

--- Page 111 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
Price and Rent Development of Apartments 
The following chart sets forth the development of the non-regulated rents in Finland between 2015 and 
2023 (rent index 2015=100 and average rents per square meter by year and region): 
 
 
 
Source: Statistics Finland. 
 
According to Statistics Finland's data on 3 May 2024, prices of old dwellings in housing companies 
decreased throughout Finland in March 2024. In the whole country, prices fell by 4.0 per cent. from the 
previous year, but increased by 1.7 per cent. from February 2024. Prices of old dwellings in housing 
companies fell by 5.6 per cent. in Greater Helsinki in March 2024 from the previous year. Compared to 
February 2024, prices of old dwellings in housing companies increased in all large towns in March 2024, 
except for Turku. (Source: Statistics Finland). 
The following chart sets forth the price index of the old apartments in housing companies in Finland 
between 2015 and 2023 (index 2015 = 100 yearly by region):  
 
 
 
Source: Statistics Finland. 
95.0
100.0
105.0
110.0
115.0
120.0
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
Whole country
Greater Helsinki
Turku
Tampere
95.0
100.0
105.0
110.0
115.0
120.0
125.0
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
Whole country
Greater Helsinki
Turku
Tampere

--- Page 112 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
Rental Apartment Market 
The total number of permanently occupied rental apartments in Finland is approximately 1,000,000, of 
which approximately 15 per cent. are owned by housing investment companies, funds and institutional 
investors, approximately 30 per cent. by Finnish municipalities, approximately 10 per cent. by foundations 
and foreign investors, among others, and 45 per cent. by private investors (Sources: Statistics Finland, KTI 
Property Information Ltd, Global Property Guide and the Corporate Management Group of SATO). The 
management of the Issuer estimates that SATO's share of the total number of rental apartments in Finland 
is approximately 3 per cent. and in Finland's major cities (Helsinki Metropolitan Area, Tampere and Turku) 
approximately 6 per cent. The management of the Issuer believes that the proportion of professional 
housing investors, including foreign investors, will grow further in Finland. In addition, Finnish pension 
insurance companies are active in the housing market, making direct investments in rental housing. 
Municipalities provide housing mainly for social purposes. 
SATO expects that there is demand for rental apartments, and the urbanisation trend continues. Dense urban 
living near services and along good public transport connections is becoming increasingly popular in 
Finland. The Helsinki metropolitan area, Tampere and Turku continue to enjoy strong growth, while 
according to Statistics Finland's population projection, Finland's population will start declining in 2031. 
The Helsinki metropolitan area is expected to grow by over 200,000 new residents by 2040. 
SATO considers the Finnish rental apartment market to be dynamic in nature, as the underlying tenancy 
agreements include flexible terms. For example, a landlord's notice period typically varies between three 
and six months, whereas the notice period for tenants is one month. In addition, most tenancies are 
unregulated, which means that they are more freely negotiable and lead to higher customer selection. 
Tenancy agreements also contain flexible provisions in respect of rent which can be fixed or linked to 
indices such as the Consumer Price Index adding a certain percentage to such index. (Source: Global 
Property Guide). In SATO's tenancy agreements, the annual rent increases are based on the increase in the 
cost-of-living index added by a certain percentage determined in the agreement. 
Trends Affecting the Demand for Rental Apartment 
Close to 80 per cent. of the area's residents already live in one- to two-person households, and the number 
of small households continues to rise. The proportion of immigrants living in the capital area is predicted 
to grow from the current 17 per cent. to 25 per cent. by 2030 (Sources: Statistics Finland, City of Helsinki, 
City of Espoo and City of Vantaa). Aging populations typically move closer to growth centres and the 
services they offer, and they increasingly expect housing-related services. The change in the population 
structure and urbanisation create a stable foundation for demand for rental housing especially in the capital 
area and in Tampere and Turku. 
The following chart sets forth the number of households by size in Finland between 1985 and 2023: 
 
0
200,000
400,000
600,000
800,000
1,000,000
1,200,000
1,400,000
1985
1990
1995
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2023
1 person
2 persons
3 persons
Four persons or more

--- Page 113 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
 
 
Source: Statistics Finland. 
The following chart sets forth the increase of population by city between 1990 and 2023: 
 
 
 
Source: Statistics Finland. 
 
Recent Developments 
Rights Offering 
On 13 December 2023, SATO announced that the Board of Directors of the Issuer had decided on a rights 
offering in which the company issues up to 28,308,533 new shares in the company. On 16 February 2024, 
SATO announced the final result of the rights offering, according to which a total of 28,279,377 new shares 
in the company were subscribed for in the rights offering, which corresponds to approximately 99.90 per 
cent. of the 28,308,533 new shares in the company offered in the rights offering. The subscription price 
was EUR 7.07 per new share. The rights offering generated for the company gross proceeds of 
approximately EUR 200 million. The proceeds raised in the share issue were entered in full in the 
company’s reserve for invested non-restricted equity. 
Business Overview 
SATO's Business Operations 
SATO's management believes that SATO is one of the most active corporate investors in housing in 
Finland. SATO owns a total of approximately 25,500 rented apartments with approximately 43,000 
residents in Finland's largest growth centres. SATO operates in the long term and on a customer-driven 
basis and has over 80 years of experience in the housing business. The operations of SATO's organisation 
are focused on expanding the value of the property portfolio and managing renting and customer 
relationships. As at 31 December 2023, SATO employed 323 people. SATO also manages such aspects as 
maintenance as well as certain project and supporting operations through partnerships. In cooperation with 
its functioning partner network, SATO creates new working methods to improve its business operations 
and for the fulfilment of its value proposition which it brands as: 'A Home For Your Life'. The management 
of the Issuer believes SATO is considered to be a reliable and long-term lessor. 
According to SATO's vision, thriving cities will be home to people enjoying a high level of wellbeing. 
Currently, the Issuer's strategic goals are to: 
• 
achieve an average annual return of more than 8 per cent. for its shareholders; 
• 
maintain its investment grade rating; and 
-2,000
0
2,000
4,000
6,000
8,000
10,000
12,000
1990
1995
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2023
Espoo
Helsinki
Tampere
Turku
Vantaa

--- Page 114 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
• 
provide an excellent customer experience and increase customer loyalty by constantly improving 
tenants' Net Promoter Score (NPS) (the NPS indicates how willing a resident is to recommend 
SATO's services). 
The Issuer's management believes that SATO has the following key strengths: 
• 
residential property is the most stable business in the property investment sector in Finland; 
• 
historically stable cash flow and net rental income; 
• 
high occupancy rate; and 
• 
strategic focus in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, Tampere and Turku where the demand for rental 
apartments is the highest and the value increase is expected to be stable over the longer term. 
The following table sets forth SATO's return on equity for the years indicated: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(per cent.) 
Return on equity (annualised) .............................................................................  
(6.3) 
5.0 
9.1 
4.8 
29.6 
 
The Group's net sales in 2023 were EUR 288.4 million (EUR 291.2 million in 2022) and its profit before 
taxes was negative EUR 185.8 million (EUR 151.9 million in 2022). As at 31 December 2023, the Group's 
shareholders' equity was EUR 2,435.0 million (EUR 2,480.9 million as at 31 December 2022). The fair 
value of the investment properties as at 31 December 2023 was EUR 4,885.7 million and the change of 
total value of the investment properties measured at fair value was negative EUR 158.5 million in 2023 
(EUR 5,044.2 million and positive EUR 11.4 million in 2022, respectively). The Group's operating profit 
was negative EUR 113.6 million in 2023 (EUR 198.9 million in 2022). On 21 March 2024, the annual 
general meeting of shareholders resolved that no dividend will be distributed for the year ended 
31 December 2023 (no dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022). 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer has adopted the following long-term financial targets for the Group: 
• 
annual dividends paid will, depending on the market situation, investment level, the development 
of equity ratio and solvency ratio, be a maximum of 40 per cent. of the cash earnings; 
• 
equity ratio greater than 40 per cent; 
• 
solvency ratio not to exceed 50 per cent. in the long-term; 
• 
interest coverage ratio greater than 1.8x; and 
• 
unencumbered assets ratio 60 per cent. or higher. 
The above financial targets include forward-looking statements. These financial targets are not 
guarantees of future financial performance and the Group's actual results could differ materially from 
those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. The Issuer 
cautions prospective investors not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which 
speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. See "Forward-Looking Statements". 
SATO's business is reported as one entity. SATO's investment in housing business includes both privately 
financed and state-subsidised properties, of which the latter is subject to restrictions set by the Finnish 
legislation regarding state-subsidised housings both at the owner-entity level and in respect of individual 
properties. 
SATO's Services 
SATO's aim is to offer comprehensive alternatives in rental apartments and an excellent customer 
experience. SATO aims to promote sustainable development and encourage initiative. SATO aims to 
operate profitably and with a long-term view. SATO aims to increase the value of its properties through

--- Page 115 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
investments, divestments and repair work. SATO produces owner-occupied apartments in order to achieve 
synergy benefits in property development. 
SATO's services are designed to cover the whole life cycle of rental housing. SATO's services designed to 
support rental activities include support to find a suitable home, providing additional information about the 
home and its environment, contact people and housing, organising open houses, preparation of documents, 
organising moving support, digital services, renovation and providing 'do it yourself' renovation kits. 
During an occupancy period, SATO provides property care and maintenance, fault management, 
information services, social services (such as customer events and joint activities in buildings), participation 
possibilities (i.e., feedback, resident meetings, residents' panel SATO pulssi), digital services like 
OmaSATO, customer benefits, renovation help and 'do it yourself' renovation kits. To facilitate moving 
out, SATO provides home swap services, information and instructions and digital services. 
SATO has a strong focus on digital development, as evidenced through its service called OmaSATO, which 
enables residents to also take care of their housing-related matters digitally, regardless of time and place. 
Through OmaSATO, residents can report defects, see their payment information and stay on top of their 
customer benefits and building-related matters both on a mobile device and a computer. Temperature data 
for each resident's apartment can be found on OmaSATO. Temperature sensors have been installed in 
approximately 21,000 SATO apartments, allowing for easier adjustment of the indoor temperature and 
quick observation of any deviations. Furthermore, all of the buildings have their own electronic 
noticeboards containing current information and residents' own notices. 
SATO focuses its properties on apartment buildings in urban environments close to services and public 
transport connections. SATO seeks to develop its services in line with the customers' needs and make it 
easy to find a suitable home. Rent includes an internet connection and numerous other customer benefits. 
In senior homes, appropriate fittings and the central location of the properties facilitate living. In renovated 
and new apartments, SATO aims to differentiate with design solutions and choices of materials. The 
condition of apartments is monitored regularly and repairs and renovations are made when needed to ensure 
good living conditions. In 2019, SATO introduced an operating model, in which the house experts assume 
some of the tasks of maintenance companies. The model is fully deployed in Helsinki Metropolitan Area, 
Tampere and Turku. Furthermore, SATO has its own housing health manager, who serves as an expert in 
matters related to indoor air, moisture, temperature, ventilation and suspected mould. 
SATO StudioHome is a new-generation housing format in response to changing housing demand in the 
Helsinki Metropolitan Area. The new-build SATO StudioHomes are spacious studios with an emphasis on 
high quality and design. The concept aims to provide an excellent customer experience and comfort as well 
as lower housing costs. The first SATO StudioHome was completed in 2017. The Community Manager, 
whose task is to introduce residents to one another and help build a healthy residential community, played 
a big role in the success of the SATO StudioHome pilot project. 
SATO FlexHome is a form of part-ownership housing developed to meet the growing need among 
customers and urban developers for the new forms of housing alongside rental and owner-occupied homes. 
The SATO FlexHome provides access to an urban home ownership with a small initial capital outlay and 
five-year part-ownership period. 
SATO's Property Portfolio 
General 
SATO's business focuses on its housing activities, and particularly on the management of its property 
portfolio. As at 31 December 2023, SATO owned a total of 25,468 rented apartments in Finland's largest 
growth centres. The fair value of SATO's investment property was EUR 4,885.7 million as at 
31 December 2023. On 17 April 2023, SATO announced that it had completed the divestment of its Russian 
housing business on 14 April 2023 and as at the date of this Base Prospectus, SATO does not have any 
business activities in Russia.

--- Page 116 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
The following table sets forth information on the development of SATO's property portfolio in Finland 
since 2014: 
 
Property portfolio 
 
Fair value 
Number of 
apartments 
 
(EUR in millions) 
 
2014 ....................................................................................................................................  
2,528 
24,173 
2015 ....................................................................................................................................  
2,753 
23,551(1) 
2016 ....................................................................................................................................  
3,383 
25,344(2) 
2017 ....................................................................................................................................  
3,633 
25,793 
2018 ....................................................................................................................................  
3,875 
25,893 
2019 ....................................................................................................................................  
4,658(3) 
26,074 
2020 ....................................................................................................................................  
4,753.5 
26,792 
2021 ....................................................................................................................................  
5,032.8 
26,791 
2022 ....................................................................................................................................  
5,044.2 
24,999(4) 
2023 ....................................................................................................................................  
4,885.7 
25,468 
 
 
(1) 
In 2015, SATO sold 1,028 of its state-subsidised (Arava) rental apartments. 
(2) 
In April 2016, SATO purchased a total of 2,270 apartments in two separate transactions. 
(3) 
In January 2020, SATO decided to adopt a yield-based valuation method in its financial statements as of 31 December 2019. As 
a result of the change, the company's property portfolio fair value increased by EUR 430 million. 
(4) 
In April 2022, SATO sold 2,009 rental apartments in six cities and municipalities around Finland to a Swedish real estate investor 
Heimstaden AB. 
Properties 
SATO's properties are located in the largest Finnish growth centres, where the Issuer's management believes 
the demand for rental apartments to be the strongest. As at 31 December 2023, approximately 87 per cent. 
of SATO's residential properties were located in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area based on the fair value of 
SATO's properties. The rest of SATO's properties are in the cities or municipalities surrounding the 
Helsinki Metropolitan Area, in the economic zones of Tampere and Turku in Finland. 
The following chart sets forth the distribution of SATO's apartments by type as at 31 December 2023: 
 
23%
47%
23%
7% 0%
Studio
One bedroom
Two bedrooms
Three bedrooms
> Three bedrooms
25,468 apartments

--- Page 117 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
The following chart sets forth the distribution of SATO's housing portfolio as at 31 December 2023: 
 
 
 
Note: 
Excludes plot reserves and apartments under construction, which are included in the fair value of investment properties. 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Helsinki Metropolitan Area accounts for approximately 87 per 
cent. of SATO's residential properties, whereas Tampere and Turku in Finland jointly account for 
approximately 13 per cent. 
The Issuer's management further believes that demand for rented apartments in cities mostly focuses on 
studio and one-bedroom apartments. SATO has increased the proportion of studio and one-bedroom 
apartments in its property portfolio through acquisitions and by commissioning their construction. As at 31 
December 2023, approximately 70 per cent. of SATO's apartments were studio and one-bedroom 
apartments, and the average size of SATO's apartments was approximately 53.1 square metres. 
The following table sets forth information on SATO's property portfolio and rental operations in Finland 
as at the dates and for the years indicated: 
 
As at and for the year 
ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
Property portfolio 
 
 
Properties...................................................................................................................................................... 
672 
683 
Number of homes, total ............................................................................................................................... 
25,468 
24,999 
Rental homes ................................................................................................................................................ 
25,380 
24,911 
Shared ownership apartments ................................................................................................................. 
88 
88 
Floor area of homes, square metres ............................................................................................................ 
1,351,600 
1,349,915 
Average size of homes, square metres ....................................................................................................... 
53.1 
54 
Fair value of properties, million EUR ........................................................................................................ 
4,885.7 
5,044.2 
Net rental income, million EUR ................................................................................................................. 
198.7 
200.4 
Rental operations in Finland 
 
 
Average rent per square metre for rented homes, EUR ............................................................................ 
18.08 
17.84 
Financial rental occupancy rate, per cent ................................................................................................... 
94.9 
95.2 
External tenant turnover, per cent............................................................................................................... 
26.8 
28.4 
 
86.9 %
7.50%
5.60%
Helsinki Metropolitan Area
Tampere region
Turku region
EUR 4,740.0 million

--- Page 118 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
As at 31 December 2023, SATO had a total of 672 properties (683 properties as at 31 December 2022) with 
a total of 25,468 apartments (24,999 apartments as at 31 December 2022). Of these, 25,380 were rented 
apartments (24,911 rented apartments as at 31 December 2022), and 88 were shared ownership apartments 
(88 shared ownership apartments as at 31 December 2022). The combined total area of the apartments was 
1,351,600 square metres (1,349,915 square metres as at 31 December 2022). The value of SATO's 
investment properties totalled EUR 4,885.7 million as at 31 December 2023 (EUR 5,044.2 million as at 
31 December 2022). In 2023, the net rental income of SATO's property portfolio was EUR 198.7 million 
(EUR 200.4 million in 2022). 
The design of new apartments and property maintenance costs has a significant impact on profitability. 
Through competitive tendering for acquisitions, energy-saving measures in its properties, and long-term 
planning of repair work, SATO seeks to control the upward pressures on costs. The condition of apartments 
is monitored by inspections carried out every one to three years. Small faults requiring improvements are 
repaired at the time of the inspection, and a report is made on larger repair requirements. Inspections are 
mainly conducted by SATO's employees. In the field of maintenance, SATO has partnered with leading 
professional service providers. Decreasing energy consumption and enhancing the customer service 
experience are among SATO's goals. In 2023, SATO took part in the international Global Real Estate 
Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB) for the ninth time receiving three stars out of five. GRESB assesses 
the environmental, social and governance performance of real estate and infrastructure portfolios and assets 
worldwide. 
Investment Property Valuation 
As defined in the "IAS 40 – Investment Property" standard, investment properties are properties of which 
the Group retains possession in order to obtain rental income or appreciation in value and which are not 
occupied for use by the Group or for its operations, nor for sale in the ordinary course of business. From 1 
January 2019, investment properties also include right-of-use assets that are classified as investment 
properties based on their nature (right-of-use investment properties), such as land leases. Housing 
companies that own so-called shared ownership apartments are treated as structured entities and, thus, not 
classified as investment properties under "IAS 40". 
At initial recognition, owned investment properties are valued at acquisition value, which includes 
transaction costs. Subsequently, investment properties are valued at fair value in accordance with "IAS 40" 
and "IFRS 13 – Fair value measurement". Gains and losses from changes in fair value are measured through 
profit and loss in the period when they were incurred. Fair value of an investment property represents the 
price that would be received for the property in an orderly transaction, taking place in the local (principal) 
market at the reporting date, considering the condition and location of the property. 
Unrealised fair value change (in profit and loss statement) of investment properties of negative 
EUR 249.3 million was reported for the year 2023 (negative EUR 14.9 million for the year 2022). The 
value of investment properties as at 31 December 2023 was EUR 4,885.7 million and retained earnings as 
at 31 December 2023 were EUR 2,141.0 million (EUR 5,044.2 million and EUR 2,286.6 million as at 
31 December 2022, respectively). An external valuation agent issues a statement twice a year on the 
applicability of SATO's valuation methods, the appropriateness of sources of information used and the 
credibility of the valuation. In addition, the external valuation agent also reviews each property of SATO 
on site at least every three years. Jones Lang LaSalle Finland Oy acted as the external valuation agent in 
connection with the preparation of the financial report of SATO for the financial year ended 
31 December 2023. 
Some of SATO's investment properties are subject to legislative and usage restrictions. The so-called non- 
profit restrictions apply to the owning company and the so-called property-specific restrictions apply to the 
investment owned. The non-profit restrictions include, among other things, permanent limitations on the 
company's operations, distribution of profit, lending and provision of collateral, and the divestment of 
investments. The property-specific restrictions include the use of apartments, the selection of residents, the 
setting of rent and divestment of apartments, and they are fixed-term. 
Investment properties financed with Arava loans and interest-subsidised loans, are initially measured at 
acquisition cost, including transaction costs. Subsequently, they are valued at acquisition cost plus 
accumulated investments and less accumulated depreciation and impairments. Unbuilt land and 
development projects, whose realisation is uncertain, are valued at cost or probable value, whichever is 
lower, if their fair value cannot be determined reliably.

--- Page 119 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
Right-of-use investment properties are valued at cost upon their recognition, and subsequently at fair value 
in accordance with "IFRS 16" and "IAS 40" standards. The valuation is based on the present value of future 
contractual lease payments, which is deemed to represent the fair value of the right-of-use assets arising 
from the lease agreements. 
The Board of Directors of SATO have decided to use a yield-based valuation method to determine the value 
of the majority of its investment properties. The yield-based valuation method is based on the cash flow 
from net rental income. According to the Issuer, the yield-based valuation method gives a better opportunity 
to make comparisons with other real estate investment operators. 
The following tables illustrate how the changes in key parameters used in fair value measurement by the 
yield-based valuation method would affect the fair value of SATO's property portfolio when one parameter 
at a time is changed: 
 
Change, per cent 
 
-10 per 
cent 
- 5 per 
cent 
0 per 
cent 
5 per 
cent 
10 per 
cent 
 
(EUR in millions) 
Yield requirement ............................................................................................ 
456.9 
216.4 
– 
(195.8) 
(373.7) 
Gross rental income ......................................................................................... 
(583.4) 
(291.7) 
– 
291.7 
583.4 
 
 
Change, percentage points 
 
-1 per 
cent 
0 per 
cent 
1 per 
cent 
 
(EUR in millions) 
Economic occupancy rate .................................................................................................................... 
(58.6) 
– 
58.6 
 
The fair values of owned investment properties are based on the following: 
• 
the income value method is used for investment properties that are currently let to tenants and can 
be sold without restrictions or that can be sold as entire properties and to a restricted group of 
buyers. The weighted average yield for the Group total is 4.3 per cent); and 
• 
the fair values of properties funded with Arava loans or interest-subsidised loans, as well as unbuilt 
land and development projects, whose realisation is uncertain, are estimated to be the same as the 
remaining acquisition cost. 
Investments and Divestments 
The Issuer's management believes that investment activities create a framework for growth. SATO acquires 
and commissions construction of both complete apartment buildings and individual rented apartments, all 
close to services and public transport connections. 
SATO aims to secure the rental attractiveness of the investment properties and a favourable trend in the 
value of the property portfolio by primarily allocating investments in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area. In 
addition, SATO also invests in properties in Tampere and Turku, Finland. 
SATO aims to improve the quality of the housing stock by investing in new properties and property 
renovation, and by divesting property that does not correspond with its strategy over the long term. In 2023, 
SATO spent EUR 77.9 million on repair investments in its properties in Finland. SATO aims to increase 
the share of small homes in the housing stock by investing in studio and one-bedroom apartments. SATO 
also aims to improve the level of quality and energy efficiency through repairs carried out in homes. For 
example, in March 2023, SATO received a long-term loan of EUR 80 million with the European Investment 
Bank for the construction of new, near-zero-energy buildings (NZEB) and renovation investments to 
improve the energy efficiency of SATO's current rental housing stock. In addition, both individual housing 
units and property portfolios containing several properties are acquired from the existing housing stock. 
The following table sets forth SATO's housing investments and divestments since 2014: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(EUR in millions) 
Investments ...................  
174 
251 
573 
156 
144 
186 
121 
167 
191 
150

--- Page 120 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(EUR in millions) 
Divestments ...................  
26 
96 
67 
46 
13 
6 
8 
8 
211 
59 
 
In 2023, SATO's gross investments in rental apartments totalled EUR 150.0 million, all of which were in 
Finland (EUR 190.5 million in 2022, all of which were in Finland). As at 31 December 2023, there were 
349 rental apartments under construction (1,418 as at 31 December 2022). 
Divestments of housing are mostly made on the basis of the property's location, size or condition. In 2023, 
a total of 530 investment apartments were sold from SATO's property portfolio (2,021 investment 
apartments in 2022). Proceeds from disposal of rental homes totalled EUR 58.9 million (EUR 211.7 million 
in 2022). 
Before its investment decisions, SATO studies, among others, the development prospects for the region 
and the investment property, the population profile and the forecast of maintenance and repair costs as well 
as the potential for returns. The environmental impact of properties is assessed based on their location in 
relation to transport, age, condition, energy and water consumption, materials and building technology and 
possible soil surveys. Based on such studies and on SATO's quality and responsibility requirements, the 
additional investment needs are assessed and life-cycle calculations are carried out. 
Property Development 
In order to contribute to the creation of new rental homes in response to demand, SATO participates in 
town planning in many residential areas that are under development. In 2022, SATO decided not to initiate 
any construction projects of new apartments, and in line with this decision, SATO did not start any new 
construction projects in 2023. 
SATO actively develops its own land inventory and purchases land plots, for example, from private 
landowners and cities. SATO purchases and develops land especially next to good public transport 
connections. When developing land plots, SATO takes nature values into account. In connection with such 
purchase, SATO also assesses environmental risks, such as possible land contamination. 
SATO invests in land acquisitions particularly in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, where the need for rental 
apartments is greatest. The planning of apartments on SATO's own plots enables the long-term 
implementation of rental homes that respond to customer needs and are suitable for property investment. 
As at 31 December 2023, SATO had 349 rental apartments under construction in Finland (1,418 rental 
apartments as at 31 December 2022). 
As at 31 December 2023, the value of land SATO held in Finland with zoning permission for construction 
of housing was EUR 44.3 million (EUR 40.8 million in 2022). Inventories of land are valued at the 
acquisition cost or expected net realisable value if lower. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price 
in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary 
to make the sale. In 2023, SATO invested a total of EUR 0.8 million in plots of land (EUR 18.4 million in 
2022). In 2023, the value of the owned plots transferred to production or sold totalled EUR 2.6 million 
(EUR 13.5 million in 2022). 
In 2023, 978 apartments commissioned by SATO were completed (243 apartments in 2022), of which 978 
were rented apartments built for the Group's ownership (191 in 2022) and 0 were owner-occupied 
apartments (0 in 2022). As at 31 December 2023, a total of 349 apartments were under construction (1,327 
apartments in 2022), of which 349 were SATO's rental investment apartments (1,327 in 2022), 0 were 
FlexHomes (52 in 2022) and 0 were owner-occupied apartments for sale (0 in 2022). The total potential 
from SATO's current land stock is approximately 1,200 apartments. 
As at 31 December 2023, the value of SATO's plot reserve was EUR 44.3 million. 
Rental Business 
Efficient rental business secures a steady trend in cash flow. Practical information on apartment 
requirements is obtained from home seekers. SATO's in-house rental service supports SATO's goals of 
producing good customer experiences and developing its operations to make them more customer-driven.

--- Page 121 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
The following table sets forth the development of SATO's net rental income since 2019: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(EUR in millions) 
Net sales ........................................................................................................... 
288.4 
291.2 
298.3 
303.4 
295.6 
Net rental income............................................................................................. 
198.7 
200.4 
210.6 
220.3 
207.1 
 
SATO reviews the rents of leased apartments annually, and lease agreements include the applicable rent 
review criteria. The rents for vacated apartments are determined by SATO according to market conditions. 
The relevant regulations are applied to the setting of rents by SATO in properties subject to state-subsidised 
loans. In SATO's tenancy agreements, the annual rent increases are based on the increase in the cost-of- 
living index added by a certain percentage determined in the agreement. 
In 2023, SATO's average monthly rent per square metre in Finland was EUR 18.07 (EUR 17.84 in 2022). 
In 2023, net rental income amounted to EUR 198.7 million, a decrease of 0.8 per cent. as compared to 
EUR 200.4 million in 2022. In 2023, the average economic rental occupancy rate for SATO's apartments 
in Finland was 94.9 per cent. (95.2 per cent. in 2022) and the external tenant turnover was 26.8 per cent. 
(28.4 per cent. in 2022). 
The following table sets forth the development of SATO's economic occupancy rate since 2014: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
2015 
2014 
 
(per cent.) 
Economic occupancy 
rate .........................  
94.9 
95.2 
94.9 
96.7 
98.1 
97.9 
96.8 
95.6 
96.4 
97.2 
 
Financing and Financial Risk Management 
General 
SATO continuously seeks and develops new solutions for funding and risk management. With its public 
issuer credit rating, SATO aims to utilise the unsecured international bond markets efficiently. The main 
drivers for SATO's funding structure are to ensure better availability of financing through a wider investor 
base, further diversification of funding sources as well as maintaining competitive financing costs. 
SATO's financing and financial risk management is executed by the Group's centralised treasury function. 
The main responsibilities of the Group's treasury function in financing and financial risk management are 
short- and long-term funding and management of liquidity reserves, excess liquidity and credit facilities, 
capital structure and costs, financial risks (e.g., interest rate risk, currency risk, liquidity risk, refinancing 
risk and credit risk) as well as banking relations and infrastructure. The financing and financial risk 
management of the Group's treasury function also includes execution of funding transactions and providing 
treasury services and expertise for other functions of SATO. 
The objectives of SATO's financing and financial risk management are that sufficient liquidity is 
maintained, the level of financial risk is optimised and financing expenses are minimised within the set risk 
target, sufficient funding arrangements are planned well in advance and finance and financial risk 
management functions are efficient and requirements of internal control are duly followed.

--- Page 122 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
Capital Structure 
The following chart sets forth the total equity and liabilities of SATO as at the dates indicated: 
 
As at 31 December 2023, debt with asset-based security represented 6.2 per cent. of the consolidated total 
balance sheet (5.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2022) while the portion of debt without asset-based security 
was 36.4 per cent. (36.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2022). The amount of equity was 47.9 per cent. and 
the amount of other debt was 9.6 per cent. of the consolidated total balance sheet as at 31 December 2023 
(47.8 per cent. and 10.7 per cent., respectively, as at 31 December 2022). SATO will seek to increase the 
portion of its debt without asset-based security mainly by issuing bonds without asset-based security and 
raising bank loans without asset-based security to cover the Group's future funding needs. However, SATO 
retains the possibility to keep existing and raise new subsidised and other funding with asset-based security, 
except for bonds with asset-based security. 
One of SATO's financial targets is to have over 60 per cent. of total assets unencumbered (87.7 per cent. of 
the total consolidated assets of SATO were unencumbered as at 31 December 2023 compared with 89.2 
per cent. as at 31 December 2022). SATO's equity ratio target is greater than 40 per cent. and the target for 
solvency ratio is not to exceed 50 per cent. in the long-term. 
This capital structure target is not a guarantee of future capital structure and the Group's actual capital 
structure could differ materially from the one expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements 
as a result of many factors, including but not limited to any changes in SATO's strategic objectives. The 
Issuer cautions prospective investors not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, 
which speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. See "Forward-Looking Statements". 
The following table sets forth SATO's equity ratio and unencumbered assets ratio as at the dates indicated: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(per cent.) 
Equity ratio ......................................................................... 
47.9 
47.8 
46.2 
42.2 
43.6 
Unencumbered assets ratio................................................ 
87.7 
89.2 
87.5 
84.1 
80.8 
 
For further information on the debt types, see "—Interest-bearing Debt" and the descriptions below. 
11%
10%
9%
11%
11%
10%
6%
21%
33%
39%
37%
36%
51%
33%
17%
8%
5%
6%
32%
35%
40%
42%
48%
48%
2014
2016
2018
2020
2022
2023
Other debt
Debt without asset-based security
Debt with asset-based security
Equity
EUR 2.8 
billion
EUR 3.6
billion
EUR 3.9
billion
EUR 5.1
billion
EUR 5.2
billion
EUR 5.1
billion

--- Page 123 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
Market Risk 
Interest rate fluctuations affect the Group's profit and equity through changes in interest expenses and the 
market values of interest rate hedging. SATO manages the interest risk by balancing fixed and floating rate 
debt through fixed rate loans and interest rate swaps. In accordance with the Group's treasury policy, at 
least 60 per cent. of its loans shall be fixed interest rate loans or floating rate loans hedged with interest rate 
derivatives. 
The following table sets forth the change in the Group's profit and loss for the year and equity that would 
have resulted from a change in interest rates for the years indicated: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
Profit and Loss 
Equity 
Profit and Loss 
Equity 
 
+0.1% 
–0.1% 
+0.1% 
–0.1% 
+0.1% 
–0.1% 
+0.1% 
–0.1% 
 
(EUR in million) 
Floating rate loans .........................................  
(9.5) 
9.5 
– 
– 
(9.6) 
9.6 
– 
– 
Interest rate swaps .........................................  
2.6 
(2.6) 
13.0 
(14.1) 
3.6 
(3.6) 
15.3 
(15.5) 
Total ...............................................................  
(6.9) 
7.0 
13.0 
(14.1) 
(6.0) 
6.0 
15.3 
(15.5) 
 
Credit Risk 
SATO is not exposed to significant concentrations of credit risk. The majority of SATO's accounts 
receivable consist of rent receivables. SATO has over 25,000 tenants, so the risk entailed in a single 
receivable is not significant. For the year ended 31 December 2023, SATO's actual average credit losses 
were the equivalent of 0.9 per cent. of rental income (0.9 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2022). 
In addition, treasury functions, such as liquidity investments and derivative instruments, involve a 
counterparty risk, which is reduced by careful selection of counterparties and by diversification of contracts 
among a number of counterparties. 
Interest-bearing Debt 
As at 31 December 2023, based on nominal values, the Issuer had EUR 2,164 million of the Group's total 
interest-bearing debt (EUR 2,151 million as at 31 December 2022) and the Issuer's subsidiaries had 
EUR 189 million of the Group's total interest-bearing debt (EUR 222 million as at 31 December 2022). 
As at 31 December 2023, the average interest rate of the Group's debt portfolio was 3.4 per cent. 
(2.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2022). Fixed rate loans after hedging accounted for 66.3 per cent. as at 
31 December 2023 (72.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2022) of the total debt portfolio. As at 31 December 
2023, the average loan maturity was 2.8 years (3.3 years as at 31 December 2022).  
As at 31 December 2023, 85.4 per cent. (88.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2022) of the nominal values of 
the Group's debt portfolio was debt without asset-based security and the remainder was debt with asset-
based security. For further information on certain key figures of the Group companies, see "—General" 
above. 
As at 31 December 2023, properties with total fair value of EUR 626 million (EUR 558 million as at 
31 December 2022) were pledged as security for interest-bearing debt.  
The following table sets forth SATO's Consolidated Solvency Ratio, Secured Solvency Ratio and 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio (all as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) as at the dates 
indicated: 
 
As at 31 
March 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Consolidated Solvency Ratio (per cent.) ................... 
39.4 
42.4 
40.7 
42.5 
43.8 
44.4 
50.5 
Secured Solvency Ratio (per cent.) ............................ 
11.9 
6.2 
5.0 
7.2 
8.2 
10.2 
17.5 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio (rolling 12 months) 
(multiple) .................................................................. 
2.9 
2.9 
8.2 
4.1 
4.0 
3.3(1) 
4.4 
 
 
(1) 
Includes an impact of 1.2 due to "IFRS 16 – Leases" and one-off costs related to May 2019 bond repurchases.

--- Page 124 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
The following chart sets forth information on the maturity profile of the Group's debt (EUR millions) as at 
31 March 2024: 
 
Commercial Paper 
The Issuer has a EUR 400 million unsecured commercial paper programme arranged by five Nordic banks. 
As at 31 December 2023, the total nominal amount of outstanding commercial paper issued by the Issuer 
under such commercial paper programme was EUR 76.0 million with maturities of less than 12 months 
(EUR 15.0 million as at 31 December 2022). 
Notes Issued under Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
The Issuer has in place a EUR 2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme, under which the Issuer 
has made issuances of which the following remain outstanding: 
●  
EUR 50 million fixed rate unsecured notes due 2030 on 12 June 2020; and 
●  
EUR 350 million fixed rate unsecured notes due 2028 on 24 September 2020 (of which notes 
amounting to EUR 50 million were repurchased in March 2024). 
The terms and conditions of the notes issued under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme include 
financial covenants of maximum consolidated solvency ratio of 65 per cent. maximum consolidated secured 
solvency ratio of 45 per cent. and minimum consolidated coverage ratio (rolling 12 months) of 1.8:1. 
US Private Placement 
On 22 December 2022, the Issuer issued its first US private placement with US and European based 
investors. The agreement of the five-year EUR 75 million unsecured notes was signed on 22 December 
2022. 
LGIM Secured Loan Facility 
In February 2024, SATO signed a secured loan facility of EUR 150 million to refinance the company’s 
existing indebtedness as well as for the Group’s general financing needs. The secured loan facility has 
sustainability linked features which provides a margin reduction to SATO upon achieving certain 
sustainability performance measures. The secured loan facility has a tenor of 12 years. 
Bank Loans 
As at 31 December 2023, bank loans formed 56.5 per cent. of all borrowings of the Group (42.2 per cent. 
as at 31 December 2022). The loan agreements in which the borrower is a subsidiary of the Issuer but not 
a housing company include a parent company guarantee. The Group's bank loans include financial 
covenants, such as a maximum solvency ratio, a minimum interest coverage ratio and a minimum amount 
of unencumbered assets. In banking relations, the Group aims for open cooperation and partnerships in 
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
2024
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030
2031
2032
2033
2034
2035
2036
2037 2038>
Other
Bonds
CP

--- Page 125 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
order to build sustainable and effective solutions. The Group's bank funding is sourced from financial 
institutions operating in Finland. 
Interest-Subsidised Loans 
In relation to interest subsidised loans, a subsidy is received for the part of the interest expense exceeding 
the deductible rate (if any). The State of Finland has also granted a supplementary guarantee for an interest 
subsidised loan. As at 31 December 2023, interest subsidised loans formed 4.2 per cent. of all borrowings 
of the Group (5.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2022).  
State (Arava) Loans 
In Arava loans granted by the State of Finland, the interest rate is pegged to the change in the Finnish 
Consumer Price Index. In properties financed with Arava loans, the rents are based on absorption cost and, 
hence, interest risk is transferred to rents. As at 31 December 2023, the state-subsidised Arava loans formed 
1.2 per cent. of all borrowings of the Group (1.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2022). The portion of the 
Arava loans of the Group is decreasing via regular amortisation schedules and the State of Finland no longer 
grants Arava loans. 
Liquidity Sources 
SATO frequently monitors the amount of financing demanded for business operations so that the adequacy 
of financing is assured in all circumstances. Supported by the operative cash flows, the liquidity is managed 
with the commercial paper programme, committed back-up facilities and non-committed cash pool credit 
limits. SATO's objective regarding liquidity reserves is to cover 120 percent of the following 12 months' 
operative liquidity requirement.  
In 2020, SATO signed the agreements on revolving credit facilities (without asset-based security) of 
EUR 350 million to refinance the company's existing credit facilities of EUR 400 million. In 2023, the 
amount of the revolving credit facility was reduced to EUR 250 million. The committed revolving credit 
facilities are guaranteed by a Group company and include financial covenants. As at 31 December 2023, 
EUR 170 million of the committed revolving credit facilities were drawn (undrawn as at 
31 December 2022). The committed revolving credit facilities mature on 16 December 2025. In 2022, 
SATO signed an additional agreement on revolving credit facility (without asset-based security) of 
EUR 350 million to support liquidity needs. The committed revolving credit facility was updated on 28 
March 2024 and it matures on 31 March 2027. Additionally, SATO had undrawn EUR 100 million 
committed long-term credit facilities at the end of 2023. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, net cash flow from operating activities was EUR 38.8 million 
(EUR 95.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2022). 
Insurance 
The Issuer's management believes that SATO's risks are appropriately covered by insurance which is in 
accordance with industry practice. SATO has insurance policies, for example, in respect of property, 
business interruption and liability for damages. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2023, SATO had 323 employees of whom 295 were full-time employees. 
Litigation 
The Issuer is not involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have, or have had 
during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries. 
Environmental Matters 
SATO's environmental management is based on long-term environmental goals that are reviewed annually. 
SATO's Corporate Management Group deals with the Group's key issues, but SATO also has a 
Sustainability Workgroup that convenes quarterly. The Sustainability Workgroup prepares guidelines for

--- Page 126 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
SATO's environmental work, target levels, proposals for SATO's action programme; materials on 
sustainability-related issues for the Corporate Management Group to decide upon; and monitors the work 
and progress on key topics, actions and implementation that have been delegated to the following SATO's 
units: 
• 
Energy & Environment: SATO's rental housing business unit (technical life cycle management) 
and investments unit; 
• 
Maintenance Partner Guidance: SATO's rental housing business unit (housing support and 
partnerships); 
• 
Construction & Repairs: SATO's rental housing business unit (technical life cycle management) 
and investments unit; and 
• 
Procurement Activity: SATO's procurement team. 
SATO's aim is to pay attention to environmental perspectives throughout the property life cycle. Energy 
consumption related to living is the main source of environmental impact in housing. SATO's corporate 
responsibility workgroup coordinates environmental matters. In 2023, SATO renewed, for the ninth time, 
the Green Star recognition for its sustainability programme in Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark 
(GRESB). The results are internationally comparable, and SATO received three stars on a scale of one to 
five. 
In addition, SATO's annual report contains its sustainability report, drawn up in line with Global Reporting 
Initiative Standards (GRI) guidelines since 2014. SATO also published its updated Green Finance 
Framework on 22 March 2023 (originally published on 9 March 2020). In accordance with the Green 
Finance Framework, SATO will, on an annual basis, publish an impact report including, among other 
things, details on the environmental impacts of the Eligible Green Assets at a portfolio level and it will be 
published until the maturity of the relevant green bonds. SATO follows the development of the green bond 
market to reflect any changes in the market practices by adjusting the reporting on outstanding green bonds. 
S&P Global Ratings has provided a second opinion on the Green Finance Framework. In the Second Party 
Opinion, SATO's use of proceeds and process for project evaluation and selection were deemed to be strong, 
the reporting was deemed to be aligned, and the management of proceeds was deemed to be in accordance 
with the ICMA Green Bond and Loan Principles. According to the Second Party Opinion, SATO's strength 
is that it commits to report on the proportion of funds used for financing versus refinancing as part of its 
allocation reporting. No significant weaknesses were perceived in the Second Party Opinion. 
The Issuer and the European Investment Bank agreed in November 2016 on a long-term loan of EUR 150 
million, in July 2019 on a long-term loan of EUR 30 million, and in November 2021 on a long-term facility 
of EUR 80 million for the construction of new, near-zero-energy buildings and renovation investments to 
improve the energy efficiency of SATO's current rental housing stock. As at 31 December 2023, the total 
amount of outstanding Green Loans was EUR 142 million, consisting of loans provided by the European 
Investment Bank. The EUR 80 million long-term facility between the Issuer and the European Investment 
Bank was drawn in March 2023. 
For example and as further described in SATO's Green Finance Framework, green and energy efficient 
buildings are, among others, new buildings and existing buildings that either have or with the objective to 
receive an energy performance certificate of class A or an energy performance certificate of class B that 
have an energy consumption ("e-value") of below or equal to 81 kilowatt-hours (new buildings built after 
31 December 2020) or 82 kilowatt-hours (existing buildings built before 31 December 2020) per square 
metre per year.

--- Page 127 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
The following graph sets forth the value of SATO's eligible green assets as at 31 December 2023: 
 
Energy certificates have been issued for all of SATO's sites as required by law. In addition to this, SATO 
developed an energy-efficiency scoring system for residential buildings in 2014. The scoring accounts for 
the building's energy efficiency and energy costs, and it has been used as a basis for an energy-efficiency 
classification of all of SATO's properties. 
SATO has persistently worked to reduce energy consumption in its properties. SATO's reduction measures 
are based on energy audits, consumption reports and the energy-efficiency classification. The efforts 
include good property maintenance, energy-saving investments implemented in new construction and 
renovation projects, and adopting solutions based on renewable energy. 
Sustainability Programme 2023–2026 
On 27 September 2022, SATO released its sustainability programme for 2023–2026. SATO's goal is to be 
a leader in sustainable rental housing. The spearheads of the sustainability programme are sustainable 
housing, communities' well-being and financial profitability in a sustainable manner. The programme 
policies are linked to the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDG). 
The three main areas of focus of the sustainability programme for 2023–2026 are as follows: 
• 
Sustainable Housing: SATO encourages its customers to make sustainable everyday living choices. 
Combating and adapting to climate change are at the core of SATO's sustainability work and SATO 
aims to be carbon neutral by 2030 with regards to the energy consumption of its properties. SATO 
promotes circular economy and biodiversity in its activities. 
• 
Sustainably Profitable: SATO aims to ensure profitable business in a long term, transparent and 
responsible manner. Profitable business enables SATO's investments to sustainability work and to 
creating residential environments that promote SATO's residents' wellbeing. 
• 
Communities' Well-being: SATO looks after its employees and their wellbeing at work and coping, 
health and safety at work, competences as well as equality and non-discrimination. SATO provides 
its customers with meaningful housing, and together with them create pleasant residential 
environments that promote wellbeing. SATO promotes diversity and seeks to reduce inequality in 
society. 
Related Party Transactions 
The Issuer's related parties comprise its subsidiaries and associated companies (including companies in 
Balder group), members of the Board of Directors, the Issuer's President and CEO and the members of the 
Corporate Management Group as well as key personnel of SATO Group companies, the close family 
members of the abovementioned persons and their controlled companies as well as the Issuer's largest 
shareholders and to certain extent their ultimate beneficial owners. 
The related party transactions concluded by the Issuer between 2022 and 2024 (until the date of this Base 
Prospectus) include a EUR 350 million unsecured credit facility with maturity on 31 March 2027 from 
Fastighets AB Balder, of which no withdrawals had been made as at 31 March 2024, payments by the group

--- Page 128 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
companies to each other for fees such as maintenance and financial charges, interest expenses, loan 
repayments and other administrative service charges. Such income and expenses have been eliminated in 
the Issuer's consolidated financial statements.

--- Page 129 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND OPERATING DATA 
The following tables present selected consolidated financial information for the Issuer as at and for the 
years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022. The consolidated financial information presented below has been 
derived from the Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2023, including the audited consolidated comparative financial information as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2022, respectively. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 
and 2022 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU. 
 
For the year ended 
31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(audited) (EUR in millions, 
unless otherwise indicated) 
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT 
 
 
Net Sales ............................................................................................................................................ 
288.4 
291.2 
Property maintenance expenses ....................................................................................................... 
(89.7) 
(90.8) 
Net rental income.................................................................................................................................. 
198.7 
200.4 
Fair value change of investment properties, realised...................................................................... 
(18.7) 
53.1 
Fair value change of investment properties, unrealised ................................................................. 
(249.3) 
(14.9) 
Sales, marketing and administrative expenses ................................................................................ 
(41.4) 
(40.7) 
Other operating income .................................................................................................................... 
0.0 
2.7 
Other operating expenses ................................................................................................................. 
(3.0) 
(1.6) 
Share of profit of associated companies and joint ventures ........................................................... 
0.0 
0.0 
Operating profit .................................................................................................................................... 
(113.6) 
198.9 
Financial income ............................................................................................................................... 
17.7 
0.6 
Financial expenses ............................................................................................................................ 
(89.8) 
(47.6) 
Financial cost, net ............................................................................................................................. 
(72.2) 
(47.0) 
Profit before tax .................................................................................................................................... 
(185.8) 
151.9 
Income tax expenses ......................................................................................................................... 
31.9 
(31.3) 
Profit for the period .............................................................................................................................. 
(153.9) 
120.6 
Profit for the period attributable to: 
 
 
Equity holder of the parent ............................................................................................................... 
(153.9) 
120.6 
Non-controlling interests .................................................................................................................. 
0.0 
0.0 
Earnings per share attributable to equity holders of the parent 
 
 
Basic, EUR ........................................................................................................................................ 
(2.72) 
2.13 
Diluted, EUR ..................................................................................................................................... 
(2.72) 
2.13 
Average number of shares, million ..................................................................................................... 
56.6 
56.6 
 
 
For the year ended 
31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(audited) (EUR in millions) 
 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 
Other comprehensive income 
 
 
Items that will never be reclassified to income statement ................................................................ 
– 
– 
Cash flow hedges .................................................................................................................................. 
(16.7) 
60.2 
Translation differences ......................................................................................................................... 
8.3 
(10.9) 
Related tax............................................................................................................................................. 
3.3 
(12.0) 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to income statement .................................................. 
(5.1) 
37.2 
Other comprehensive income, net of tax ........................................................................................... 
(5.1) 
37.2 
Total comprehensive income .............................................................................................................. 
(159.0) 
157.9 
Comprehensive income attributable to: 
 
 
Equity holders of the parent ................................................................................................................. 
(159.0) 
157.9 
Non-controlling interest ....................................................................................................................... 
0.0 
0.0

--- Page 130 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(audited) (EUR in millions,) 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
Non-current assets 
 
 
Investment property .......................................................................................................................... 
4,885.7 
5,044.2 
Tangible assets .................................................................................................................................. 
3.3 
3.3 
Intangible assets ................................................................................................................................ 
7.2 
7.1 
Investments in associated companies and joint ventures ............................................................... 
0.1 
0.1 
Other non-current investments ......................................................................................................... 
1.0 
1.0 
Other right-of-use assets ................................................................................................................... 
4.2 
4.9 
Derivative receivables ...................................................................................................................... 
23.0 
38.7 
Non-current receivables.................................................................................................................... 
3.1 
3.4 
Deferred tax assets ............................................................................................................................ 
10.5 
6.0 
Total non-current assets .................................................................................................................... 
4,938.1 
5,108.6 
Current assets 
 
 
Account and other receivables ......................................................................................................... 
129.1 
13.6 
Current tax assets .............................................................................................................................. 
10.8 
2.0 
Cash and cash equivalents ................................................................................................................ 
7.0 
60.5 
Total current assets ............................................................................................................................... 
146.9 
76.1 
Total assets ........................................................................................................................................... 
5,085.0 
5,184.7 
Shareholders' equity and liabilities 
 
 
Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent 
 
 
Share capital ...................................................................................................................................... 
4.4 
4.4 
Fair value and other reserves............................................................................................................ 
18.1 
31.5 
Reserve fund...................................................................................................................................... 
43.7 
43.7 
Reserve for invested non-restricted equity ...................................................................................... 
227.9 
114.8 
Retained earnings .............................................................................................................................. 
2,141.0 
2,286.6 
Total ....................................................................................................................................................... 
2,435.2 
2,481.1 
Non-controlling interests ...................................................................................................................... 
(0.2) 
(0.2) 
Total shareholders' equity ................................................................................................................. 
2,435.0 
2,480.9 
Liabilities 
 
 
Non-current liabilities 
 
 
Deferred tax liabilities .......................................................................................................................... 
366.1 
413.1 
Provisions .............................................................................................................................................. 
1.5 
1.5 
Lease liabilities ..................................................................................................................................... 
54.2 
53.0 
Derivative liabilities ............................................................................................................................. 
0.1 
0.0 
Long-term non-interest-bearing liabilities .......................................................................................... 
– 
0.0 
Long-term interest-bearing liabilities .................................................................................................. 
1,516.3 
1,721.4 
Total non-current liabilities .............................................................................................................. 
1,938.2 
2,189.1 
Current liabilities 
 
 
Accounts payable and other liabilities ............................................................................................. 
58.6 
69.3 
Provisions .......................................................................................................................................... 
0.5 
0.5 
Lease liabilities ................................................................................................................................. 
5.3 
4.9 
Current tax liabilities ........................................................................................................................ 
4.4 
15.8 
Short-term interest-bearing liabilities .............................................................................................. 
642.9 
424.2 
Total current liabilities ......................................................................................................................... 
711.8 
514.8 
Total liabilities ...................................................................................................................................... 
2,650.1 
2,703.9 
Total shareholders' equity and liabilities ........................................................................................ 
5,085.0 
5.184.7

--- Page 131 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
 
For the year ended 
31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(audited) (EUR in millions,) 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOW 
 
 
Cash flow from operating activities 
 
 
Profit for the period .............................................................................................................................. 
(153.9) 
120.6 
Adjustments: 
 
 
Non-cash items included in the profit.............................................................................................. 
253.3 
18.7 
Profit and loss on sales of investment properties and fixed assets ................................................ 
18.5 
(53.1) 
Other adjustments ............................................................................................................................. 
0.1 
(0.3) 
Interest expenses and other financial expenses ............................................................................... 
89.8 
47.6 
Interest income .................................................................................................................................. 
(17.6) 
(0.6) 
Dividend income ............................................................................................................................... 
0.0 
0.0 
Income taxes...................................................................................................................................... 
(31.9) 
31.3 
Cash flow before change in net working capital ............................................................................ 
158.3 
164.2 
Change in net working capital: 
 
 
Changes in accounts receivable and other receivables ................................................................... 
1.1 
1.6 
Change in accounts payable and other liabilities ............................................................................ 
(7.5) 
6.2 
Interest paid ........................................................................................................................................... 
(91.0) 
(45.5) 
Interest received .................................................................................................................................... 
13.5 
(0.8) 
Taxes paid ............................................................................................................................................. 
(35.7) 
(30.0) 
Net cash flow from operating activities ........................................................................................... 
38.8 
95.8 
Cash flow from investing activities 
 
 
Investments in investment properties .............................................................................................. 
(152.1) 
(209.8) 
Net investments in tangible and intangible assets .......................................................................... 
(3.8) 
(3.9) 
Repayments of loans receivable....................................................................................................... 
0.0 
37.4 
Payments of granted loans................................................................................................................ 
0.0 
(35.4) 
Disposals of investment property .................................................................................................... 
52.6 
225.4 
Net cash flow from investing activities ............................................................................................ 
(103.3) 
13.8 
Cash flow from financing activities 
 
 
Repayments (–) / withdrawals (+) of current loans ........................................................................ 
230.1 
9.8 
Withdrawals of non-current loans.................................................................................................... 
255.0 
137.3 
Repayments of non-current loans .................................................................................................... 
(472.3) 
(174.3) 
Repayments of lease liabilities ......................................................................................................... 
(1.8) 
(1.6) 
Repayment of capital and dividends paid........................................................................................ 
0.0 
(28.3) 
Net cash flow from financing activities .............................................................................................. 
11.0 
(57.1) 
Change in cash and cash equivalents .................................................................................................. 
(53.6) 
52.5 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of period .................................................................... 
60.5 
8.5 
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held .......................................................................... 
0.1 
(0.5) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period ............................................................................. 
7.0 
60.5 
 
Selected Long-Term Financial Information 
The following table presents selected consolidated financial information for the Issuer as at and for the 
years ended 31 December 2023, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019. The consolidated financial information 
presented below has been derived from the Issuer's consolidated financial statements as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2023, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019 that have been prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
 
As at and for the year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
 (EUR in millions) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net rental income..................................................................................... 
198.7 
200.4 
210.6 
220.3 
207.1 
Profit before taxes .................................................................................... 
(185.8) 
151.9 
259.4 
129.5 
670.5 
Cash earnings ........................................................................................... 
32.9 
141.3 
107.9 
132.1 
91.2(1) 
Shareholders' equity ................................................................................ 
2,435.0 
2,480.9 
2,351.3 
2,155.7 
2,055.8 
Balance sheet, total .................................................................................. 
5,085.0 
5,184.7 
5,091.4 
5,104.7 
4,718.2 
 
 
(1) 
Includes an impact of EUR 10.9 million due to one-off costs related to May 2019 bond repurchases.

--- Page 132 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
MANAGEMENT 
Board of Directors 
The Issuer's Board of Directors is responsible for the proper organisation of the Issuer's governance and its 
operations. It is the duty of the Board of Directors to promote the interests of the Issuer and all its 
shareholders. 
In addition to the duties specified in the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006, as amended), the Board of 
Directors decides on matters that, taking into account the extent and size of the Group's operations, have 
considerable importance to the Group's business. The duties of the Board of Directors include, among 
others, the following: 
• 
confirming the Group's business strategy and monitoring its implementation; 
• 
confirming and monitoring the annual budget and the action plan; 
• 
dealing with the financial statements, report on operations, and any interim reports; 
• 
confirming the Issuer's dividend policy; and 
• 
supervising the risk management, internal control and the effectiveness of the internal audit. 
The Board of Directors also appoints the Issuer's President and CEO and his deputy and the members of 
the Corporate Management Group. The Board of Directors determines the terms of their employment and 
their responsibilities. 
The Issuer's Board of Directors has confirmed the rules of procedure that apply to its duties, meeting 
procedures and decision-making practices. 
The Board of Directors performs an annual, internal self-evaluation of its activities and its working 
methods. The purpose of the self-evaluation is to verify how the Board of Directors has performed its 
activities during the year and to serve as a basis for assessing the Board of Directors' method of operating. 
On 21 March 2024, the annual general meeting of the Issuer re-elected Erik Selin, Esa Lager, Tarja 
Pääkkönen, Sharam Rahi and Timo Stenius as members of the Board of Directors and Ming Eng as a new 
member of the Board of Directors. Erik Selin was re-elected as the Chair of the Board of Directors. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors consists of the following persons: 
Name 
Year of birth 
Position 
Year 
appointed to 
the Board of 
Directors 
Independent of 
the company 
Independent 
of major 
shareholders 
Erik Selin .................................  
1967 
Chair 
2015 
Yes 
No 
Esa Lager .................................  
1959 
Deputy Chair 
2014 
Yes 
Yes 
Ming Eng 
1990 
Member 
2024 
Yes 
No 
Tarja Pääkkönen .....................  
1962 
Member 
2013 
Yes 
Yes 
Sharam Rahi ............................  
1973 
Member 
2021 
No 
No 
Timo Stenius ...........................  
1956 
Member 
2015 
Yes 
No 
 
Erik Selin has been the Chair of the Board of Directors of the Issuer since 2016 and a member of the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer since 2015. Mr. Selin has been the CEO and a member of the Board of Directors 
of Balder since 2005. He has also been the Chair of the Board of Directors of Skandrenting AB since 2005, 
the Chair of the Board of Directors of Brinova Fastigheter AB and K-Fast Holding AB, a member of the 
Board of Directors and a member of the Remuneration Committee of Hexatronic Group AB since 2014, a 
member of the Board of Directors of Hedin Mobility Group AB since 2020,  a member of the Board of 
Directors of Ernström & Co, Norion Bank AB and Neudi & C:o AB. Mr. Selin holds a Business School 
Degree in Economics. 
Esa Lager has been the Deputy Chair of the Board of Directors of the Issuer since 2023 and a member of 
the Board of Directors of the Issuer since 2014. Mr. Lager has been a member of the Board of Directors of 
GRK Infra Oy since 2021 and a member of the Boards of Directors of Stockmann plc between 2017 and

--- Page 133 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
2022 and Terrafame Ltd between 2015 and 2021. Mr. Lager has been the Deputy Chairman of the Board 
of Directors of Ilkka-Yhtymä Oyj since 2014, where he has also served as a member of the Board of 
Directors since 2011. He has also been a member of the Board of Directors of Alma Media Corporation 
since 2014. In addition, Mr. Lager was the Chair of the Board of Directors of Finnish Industry Investment 
Ltd between 2015 and 2019, where he also served as a member of the Board of Directors between 2014 
and 2019, the Chair of the Board of Directors of Olvi plc between 2016 and 2017, where he also served as 
a member of the Board of Directors between 2002 and 2018, and a member of the Board of Directors of 
Fennovoima between 2014 and 2016. Previously, Mr. Lager had been employed by Outokumpu Oyj since 
1990. He was the deputy to the CEO of Outokumpu Oyj between 2011 and 2013, the Executive Vice 
President - Chief Financial Officer of Outokumpu Oyj between 2005 and 2013, the Executive Vice 
President of Finance and Administration between 2001 and 2004, Corporate Treasurer between 1995 and 
2000, and Assistant Treasurer between 1991 and 1994. Mr. Lager was a Manager at the Head 
Office/London Branch of Kansallis Banking Group between 1984 and 1990, the Vice Chair of the Board 
of Directors of Okmetic Oyj between 2010 and 2011 and a member of the Board of Directors of Okmetic 
Oyj between 2003 and 2008 and between 1996 and 2000. Mr. Lager holds a Master of Science degree in 
Economics and a Master of Laws degree. 
Ming Eng has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer since 2024. Ms. Eng has been Senior 
Portfolio Manager Real Estate Europe at APG Asset Management, the Netherlands, since 2022, Research 
Analyst (Listed) Real Estate Europe at Morgan Stanley Investment Management between 2016 and 2022 
and Investment Analyst at UBS Group between 2013 and 2016. Ms. Eng holds a Master of Science degree 
in Management Science. 
Tarja Pääkkönen has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer since 2013. Ms. Pääkkönen 
has been Partner of Boardman Ltd since 2010. She also has very extensive working experience in senior 
vice president level roles and as a board professional in international companies. She has been a member 
of the Board of Directors of United Bankers Plc since 2018, a member of the Board of Directors of Panostaja 
Oyj since 2016, the Chair of the Advisor Board of ANDIATA Oy since 2018, a member of the Board of 
Directors of GRK Infra Oy since 2018 and a member of the Board of Directors of YLVA/Helsinki 
University Group since 2008. In addition, Ms. Pääkkönen was the Chair of Brand Compass Group between 
2010 and 2019, a member of the Board of Directors of Qentinel Oy between 2016 and 2021, a member of 
the Board of Directors of Marimekko Corporation between 2006 and 2011, a member of the Board of 
Directors of Olvi plc between 2010 and 2015, a member of the Board of Directors of design company Idean 
Oy between 2011 and 2014, a member of the Board of Directors of Fira Group Oy between 2016 and 2018 
and a member of the Board of Directors of Spinverse Group Oy between 2011 and 2019. She is also a 
member of Marketing Executives' Group and Directors' Institute of Finland. Previously, she has worked as 
Senior Vice President of Corporate Sales and Marketing Unit and she was a member of the Executive Board 
of Itella Corporation between 2005 and 2010, a member of the Management Board of Nokia Mobile Phones 
and she has held various Senior Vice President positions at Nokia Corporation in Europe, the United States 
and Asia between 1994 and 2004. Ms. Pääkkönen was a Management Consultant at Mecrastor Oy 
(currently PwC) between 1992 and 1994, and a Management Consultant at Kienbaum GmbH, Germany, 
between 1990 and 1992. Ms. Pääkkönen holds a Master of Science degree in Engineering (Construction 
and Architecture) and a Ph.D./Doctor of Science degree in Technology (Corporate Strategies). 
Sharam Rahi has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer since 2021. Mr. Rahi has been the 
Vice President of Balder since 2005. He has been a member of the Board of Directors of Serena Properties 
AB since 2017, a member of the Board of Directors of AMA Group I Borås AB since 2013, a member of 
the Board of Directors of Guldfiber AB since 2011 and a member of the Board of Directors of Bronsporten 
Invest AB since 2015. 
Timo Stenius has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer since 2015. Mr. Stenius has been 
the Director, Corporate Finance of Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company and also worked as an 
Executive Advisor for international real estate and infrastructure investments between 2014 and 2020. He 
was the Director, Unlisted Investments of Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company between 2014 and 2019. 
Since 1990, he has been involved in property investment and development, first in a listed company and 
later, since 2001, as the director responsible for a pension insurance company's property investments, 
corporate financing and non-listed equity investments. Mr. Stenius has also been the Chair of the Board of 
Directors of Avara Oy since 2020, Chair of the Board of Directors of Tyvene Oy since 2008, Member of 
the Board of Directors of S-Pankki Kiinteistöt Oy since 2021, Chair of the Board of Directors of the KTI 
Property Information Ltd between 2016 and 2021, where he has also served as a member of the Board of 
Directors since 2010, the Deputy Chair of the Board of Directors of Amplus Holding Ltd between 2012

--- Page 134 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
and 2020, a member of the Board of Directors of Exilion Capital Oy between 2006 and 2020. Previously, 
he had been involved in project export tasks targeted at the Soviet Union in Finn-Stroi Oy between 1982 
and 1988. Mr. Stenius holds a Master of Science degree in Construction Engineering. 
Corporate Management Group 
The Corporate Management Group of the Issuer deals with all key issues for the management of the Group, 
such as matters related to the strategy, budgeting, investments, business planning, and financial reporting. 
The Corporate Management Group's duties include the implementation of the decisions of the Board of 
Directors under the leadership of the President and CEO. The Corporate Management Group has no 
authority under law or the articles of association; it serves as a body to assist the President and CEO. 
In 2023, the members of SATO's Management Group were Antti Aarnio, President and CEO, Markku 
Honkasalo, CFO, Arto Aalto, Executive Vice President, Investments, Janne Ojalehto, Chief Commercial 
Officer (until 27 January 2023), Laura Laamanen, Chief Commercial Officer (as of 11 May 2023) and Elina 
Vaurasalo, Executive Vice President, Housing Business. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Corporate Management Group consists of the following persons: 
Name 
Year of birth 
Position 
Antti Aarnio ................................................... 
1972 
President and CEO 
Arto Aalto ...................................................... 
1966 
EVP of Investments 
Markku Honkasalo ......................................... 
1964 
CFO 
Laura Laamanen ............................................. 
1972 
Chief Commercial Officer 
Elina Vaurasalo .............................................. 
1974 
EVP of Housing Business 
 
Antti Aarnio has been a member of the Corporate Management Group of the Issuer since 2016, the President 
and interim CEO of the Issuer since 2020, and appointed permanent CEO of the Issuer in 2022. He is a 
member of the Boards of Directors of several companies of the Group. Previously, he has been the 
Executive Vice President responsible for Investments of the Issuer between 2016 and 2020, and the 
Executive Vice President responsible for Rental Housing Business in 2020, a Director of SATO responsible 
for the Investments and Divestments in the Helsinki region between 2010 and 2016. He has been the 
Chairman of the Executive Group, Housing of RAKLI ry since 2018, where he also served as the Vice 
Chairman between 2017 and 2018, and a member of the Regional and Housing Affairs Committee at the 
Helsinki Region Chamber of Commerce since 2010. Mr. Aarnio worked for Nordic Real Estate Partners 
Oy in real estate management and as the Managing Director of Minun Koti 1 Oy and Minun Koti 2 Oy 
between 2007 and 2009 and held various positions at SATO between 2000 and 2007. Mr. Aarnio holds a 
Master of Science degree in Real Estate Management and Economics. 
Arto Aalto has been a member of the Corporate Management Group and the Executive Vice President of 
Investments of the Issuer since 2021. Previously, Mr. Aalto has worked as the Director of Investments, 
Planning and Projects at SATO between 2018 and 2020, Director of Investments and Projects between 
2016 and 2018, Regional Director of Oulu and Jyväskylä between 2015 and 2016, Regional Director of 
Oulu 2009 and 2015, Construction Manager between 2005 and 2009, Construction Engineer between 2002 
and 2005. He has served as a Member of the Board of Directors for several SATO Group companies as 
well as Member of the Urban Development and Infrastructure Management Team of RAKLI ry. Mr. Aalto 
holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering. 
Markku Honkasalo has been a member of the Corporate Management Group and the CFO of the Issuer 
since 2016. He is a member of the Boards of Directors of several companies of the Group. Previously, Mr. 
Honkasalo has worked for Componenta Corporation as the CFO between 2015 and 2016, Valmet 
Corporation as the CFO between 2013 and 2015, Rautaruukki Corporation as the CFO between 2009 and 
2013 and Myllykoski Corporation as the Director responsible for Administration, Legal & HR between 
2003 and 2008. He had additionally worked in different positions in the banking sector between 1989 and 
2003. Mr. Honkasalo holds an eMBA degree and Master of Laws degree with court training. 
Laura Laamanen has been a member of the Corporate Management Group and the Chief Commercial 
Officer of the Issuer since 2023. Previously, Ms. Laamanen has worked as the Director, Marketing and 
Communications at SATO between 2021 and 2023, Business Lead, Digital Sales at OP Financial Group 
between 2016 and 2021, Chief Marketing Officer at NearMe Services Oy between 2014 and 2016, Client 
Service Director at Wunderman Helsinki Oy between 2011 and 2014, Brand and Design Lead, Brand

--- Page 135 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
Manager at Blyk Services Oy between 2006 and 2011, Client Manager at Satama Interactive Oyj (currently 
Trainers' House Oyj) between 2002 and 2006 and Regional Manager at Benefon Oyj (currently GeoSentric 
Oyj) between 1998 and 2002. Ms. Laamanen holds Master of Arts degree in Russian Language and Culture, 
Communications, Psychology. 
Elina Vaurasalo has been a member of the Corporate Management Group and the Executive Vice President 
for Housing Business of the Issuer since 2021. Previously, Ms. Vaurasalo has worked as the Service 
Director for the Rental Housing Business at SATO between 2017 and 2021, the Development Manager of 
Customer Experience and Analytics at S-Group between 2012 and 2017, the Head of the Business and 
Administration Business Unite at the Kiipula Vocation Centre between 2009 and 2012, the Managing 
Director / Entrepreneur of the Retail and Import Business the Kiipula Vocation Centre between 2006 and 
2009, the Development Manager of Customer Experience and Analytics at Kesko Corporation between 
2002 and 2006 and as a Customer Management and Analytics Management Consultant at PwC Consulting 
between 2001 and 2002. She has served as a Member of the Board of Directors for several SATO Group 
companies as well as Member of the Housing Management Team of RAKLI ry. Ms. Vaurasalo holds a 
Master of Science degree in Service Management and Geography. 
Shareholders' Nomination Committee 
The annual general meeting of the Issuer has established the Shareholders' Nomination Committee and set 
its rules of procedure. The Shareholders' Nomination Committee prepares proposals for the annual general 
meeting of the Issuer concerning the election of members and the Chairman of the Board of Directors as 
well as their remuneration. The Shareholders' Nomination Committee has no independent decision-making 
authority. 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
The Board of Directors has established the Nomination and Remuneration Committee to prepare matters 
for decision by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors has confirmed the rules of procedure for the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee. This Committee has no independent decision-making authority. 
Corporate Governance 
The corporate governance of SATO is based on the Finnish Companies Act and SATO's articles of 
association. In addition, SATO has voluntarily decided to comply with the recommendations of the Finnish 
Corporate Governance Code 2020 issued by the Finnish Securities Market Association. The Finnish 
Corporate Governance Code is a collection of recommendations on good corporate governance. The 
recommendations of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code supplement the obligations set forth in the 
legislation. 
A report on SATO's governance and resource management system, as well as a report on salaries and 
remuneration, are published along with SATO's annual report. The report includes descriptions of risk 
management, internal auditing and internal supervision. SATO's Board of Directors has also approved an 
insider guideline concerning trading in SATO's shares and other securities. 
Business Address 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors, the Corporate Management Group and the 
President and CEO is Panuntie 4, FI-00610 Helsinki, Finland. 
Conflicts of Interest 
The members of the Board of Directors, the Corporate Management Group and the President and CEO do 
not have any conflicts of interest between their duties relating to the Issuer and their private interests and/or 
their other duties, except that the Chair of the Board of Directors Erik Selin is the CEO and a member of 
the Board of Directors of a significant shareholder (Balder), the member of the Board of Directors Ming 
Eng is Senior Portfolio Manager Real Estate Europe of a significant shareholder (Stichting Depositary APG 
Strategic Real Estate Pool), the member of the Board of Directors Sharam Rahi is the Vice President of a 
significant shareholder (Balder), the member of the Board of Directors Hans Spikker is employed by a 
significant shareholder (APG Asset Management NV, which manages Stichting Pensioenfonds ABP that 
owns more than 95 per cent. of Stichting Depositary APG Strategic Real Estate Pool), and the member of

--- Page 136 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
the Board of Directors Timo Stenius is employed by a significant shareholder (Elo Mutual Pension 
Insurance Company).

--- Page 137 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
SHAREHOLDERS 
As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer had 129 shareholders and the largest shareholders of the Issuer were: 
Name 
Number of shares 
Per cent. of share 
capital 
Balder Finska Otas AB(1) ................................................................................... 
31,971,535 
56.3 
Stichting Depositary APG Strategic Real Estate Pool(2) ................................. 
12,811,647 
22.6 
Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company ......................................................... 
7,233,081 
12.7 
The State Pension Fund ..................................................................................... 
2,796,200 
4.9 
Other shareholders ............................................................................................. 
1,970,604 
3.5 
Total ................................................................................................................... 
56,783,067 
100.0 
 ________________ 
Source: Euroclear Finland Ltd. 
(1) 
Balder Finska Otas AB is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Balder. 
(2) 
Stichting Depositary APG Strategic Real Estate Pool is more than 95 per cent. owned by Stichting Pensioenfonds ABP and it is 
managed by APG Asset Management NV. 
During the term of the Programme, the shareholders and their holdings listed above may change due to 
various reasons, including potential listing of the Issuer's shares on a stock exchange. 
Information on Balder 
Balder is a Swedish property investment company with operations in Sweden, Finland and Denmark. Balder 
has been listed on Nasdaq Stockholm AB since 2005. The consolidated fair value of Balder's total property 
portfolio was SEK 212 billion (approximately EUR 19.0 billion) as at 31 December 2023, and its total 
market capitalisation was SEK 83 billion (approximately EUR 7.5 billion) as at 31 December 2023. 
Balder has informed the Issuer that it wishes to be a long-term shareholder in the Issuer and that Balder will 
be involved in SATO's operations through representation in its Board of Directors. A member of the Board 
of Directors of SATO, Sharam Rahi, is also the Vice CEO of Balder.

--- Page 138 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investor's State and of the Issuer's State of incorporation might have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own 
tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of 
Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the 
consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes in certain 
countries. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, 
whether in those countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax 
advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and 
receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of 
such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the 
date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Finnish Taxation 
The comments below are of a general nature and based on the Issuer's understanding of current law and 
practice in the Republic of Finland. They relate only to the position of persons who are the absolute 
beneficial owners of the Notes. They may not apply to certain classes of person such as dealers. Prospective 
Noteholders who are not resident in the Republic of Finland for tax purposes and are in any doubt as to 
their personal tax position or who may be subject to tax in any other jurisdiction should consult their 
professional advisers. It should be noted that the tax laws of the Republic of Finland may be amended with 
retroactive effect. 
Taxation of Notes 
Under present Finnish domestic tax law payments in respect of the Notes will be exempt from all taxes, 
duties and fees of whatever nature, imposed or levied by or within the Republic of Finland or by any 
municipality or other political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, except such taxation the 
holder of the Note to which any such payment relates is subject to thereon by reason of such holder being 
connected with the Republic of Finland otherwise than solely by the holding of such Note or the receipt of 
income therefrom. 
Finnish Capital Gains Taxes 
Noteholders who are not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do not engage in trade or business 
through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Finland will not be subject to Finnish 
duties or taxes on gains realised on the sale or redemption of the Notes. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each other than Estonia, a "participating Member State"). However, 
Estonia has ceased to participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State.

--- Page 139 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign 
passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including 
the Republic of Finland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in 
their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an 
IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the 
Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final 
regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. 
federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would 
be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. 
However, if additional notes (as described under Condition 19 (Further Issues)) that are not distinguishable 
from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 140 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of BNP Paribas, Barclays Bank 
Ireland PLC, Danske Bank A/S, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Nordea Bank Abp, OP Corporate Bank 
plc, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) (the "Dealers"). The 
arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed 
by, Dealers are set out in the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 2 June 2023 (the "Dealer 
Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. The Dealer Agreement provides that the 
obligation of any Dealer to subscribe for Notes under any subscription agreement is subject to certain 
conditions and that, in certain circumstances, a Dealer shall be entitled to be released and discharged from 
its obligations under any such subscription agreement prior to the issue of the relevant Notes. If in the case 
of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer 
for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other 
interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of 
that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of 
distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by 
the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final 
Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and 
several and the names of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to 
the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of 
those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. Each new Dealer so appointed will be required to represent, warrant and 
undertake to the following selling restrictions as part of its appointment. 
The relevant Dealers will be entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their 
obligations in respect of a proposed issue of Notes under or pursuant to the Dealer Agreement prior to the 
closing of the issue of such Notes, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered 
or met to their satisfaction on or before the issue date of such Notes. In this situation, the issuance of such 
Notes may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or the relevant Dealers in 
respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed

--- Page 141 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"EU MiFID II"); 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not include 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the 
European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in that Member State. 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in items (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be) to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 142 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not 
include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the 
public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the 
United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining 
the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for 
any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue

--- Page 143 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, 
in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each 
country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or 
publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own 
expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 144 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Republic of 
Finland in connection with the establishment of the Programme. The establishment of the 
Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed on 6 May 
2019. The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer passed on 12 June 2024. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time 
to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and 
performance of the Notes. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware, which may have, or have had during the 
12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 31 
December 2023. 
4. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or performance of the Issuer or the 
Group since 31 March 2024. 
Auditors 
5. 
The 2023 Financial Statements have been audited without qualification for the year ended 31 
December 2023 by Deloitte Oy, chartered accountants and members of the Finnish Institute of 
Authorised Public Accountants. 
6. 
The 2022 Financial Statements have been audited without qualification for the year ended 31 
December 2022 by Deloitte Oy, chartered accountants and members of the Finnish Institute of 
Authorised Public Accountants. 
Documents on Display 
7. 
Copies of the following documents may be inspected in electronic form during normal business 
hours at the registered office of the Issuer for the life of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer (as may be updated from time to time); 
(b) 
the Trust Deed; 
(c) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement; 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement 
(e) 
the 2022 Financial Statements, and the 2023 Financial Statements; and 
(f) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
further Base Prospectus, Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
The constitutive documents of the Issuer are available on the Issuer's website at: 
https://www.sato.fi/en/sato-company/governance/corporate-governance-principles  
The documents listed above in paragraphs (b) to (f) are available on the Issuer's website at: 
https://www.sato.fi/en/finances-investors/financing/emtn-programme

--- Page 145 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
Clearing of the Notes 
8. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code, International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), Financial 
Instrument Short Name (FISN) and Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code (as 
applicable) in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant 
Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Issue Price and Yield 
9. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the 
method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include 
accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant 
Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates 
have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of 
the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
10. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 7437009ELUGUOA45V564. 
Issuer Website 
11. 
The Issuer's website is https://www.sato.fi/en. Unless specifically incorporated into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
12. 
Walkers Listing Services Ltd is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation 
to Notes issued under the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under the 
Programme to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Conflicts of Interest 
13. 
Certain of the Dealers have, directly or indirectly through affiliates, provided investment and 
commercial banking, financial advisory and other services to the Issuer and its affiliates from time 
to time, for which they have received monetary compensation. Certain of the Dealers may from 
time to time also enter into swap and other derivative transactions with the Issuer and its affiliates. 
In addition, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may in the future engage in investment 
banking, commercial banking, financial or other advisory transactions with the Issuer or its 
affiliates. 
Validity of Prospectus and Prospectus Supplements 
14. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 146 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
€ vi 
€STR................................................. 16, 60, 61 
€STR reference rate ...................................... 61 
€STRi .......................................................... 61 
2006 ISDA Definitions ................................. 32 
2021 ISDA Definitions ................................. 32 
2022 Financial Statements ............................ 24 
2023 Financial Statements ............................ 24 
2024 Q1 Financial Statements ....................... 24 
30/360 .......................................................... 35 
30E/360........................................................ 36 
30E/360 (ISDA) ........................................... 36 
Accountholder .............................................. 98 
Accrual Yield ............................................... 32 
Actual/360.................................................... 35 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ....................................... 35 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) .................................. 35 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ................................... 35 
Additional Business Centre(s) ....................... 32 
Additional Collateral .................................... 32 
Additional Financial Centre(s) ...................... 32 
Adjustment Spread ....................................... 66 
Agency Agreement ....................................... 31 
Agent ........................................................... 31 
Agents .......................................................... 31 
Alternative Rate ........................................... 66 
Arranger ......................................................... 2 
Authorised Signatory .................................... 32 
Balder ......................................................... 102 
Bank Rate .................................................... 54 
Base Prospectus ............................................ 85 
Bearer Notes ................................... 1, 3, 27, 31 
Benchmark .............................................. 55, 57 
Benchmark Amendments ......................... 65, 66 
Benchmark Event ......................................... 66 
Benchmark Replacement .............................. 58 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment............ 58 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
 ................................................................. 58 
Benchmark Replacement Date ...................... 58 
Benchmark Transition Event ......................... 59 
billions .......................................................... vi 
business day ................................................. 47 
Business Day ........................................... 32, 55 
Business Day Convention ............................. 32 
Calculation Agent ......................................... 33 
Calculation Amount...................................... 33 
Calculation Period ................................... 35, 52 
Central Bank .................................................. 1 
CGN ............................................................ 98 
Change of Control ................................... 33, 72 
Change of Control Period ........................ 33, 72 
Change of Control Put Event ................... 33, 71 
Change of Control Put Event Notice ........ 33, 72 
Change of Control Put Option .................. 33, 71 
Change of Control Put Option Notice ............ 72 
Change of Control Put Period .................. 33, 72 
CIBOR ......................................................... 33 
Clearing System Business Day ...................... 99 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ......................... 5, 27 
COBS ........................................................... 85 
Code ....................................................... 74, 76 
Commission's proposal ................................ 131 
Compliance Opinions .................................... 18 
Compounded Daily €STR ............................. 60 
Compounded Daily SONIA ........................... 53 
Compounded Index ....................................... 62 
Compounded Index End ................................ 62 
Compounded Index Start ............................... 62 
Compounded SOFR ...................................... 55 
Conditions ......................................... iii, 31, 85 
Confirmation ................................................. 52 
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA.................... 34 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio ........................ 34 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group
 ................................................................. 34 
Consolidated Solvency Ratio ......................... 34 
Consolidated Total Assets ............................. 34 
continuing ..................................................... 34 
Coupon Sheet ................................................ 34 
Couponholder ......................................... 34, 46 
Couponholders .............................................. 31 
Coupons........................................................ 31 
d 53, 56, 60, 62 
D 60 
D1 ................................................................ 36 
D2 .......................................................... 36, 37 
DA Selected Bond ......................................... 35 
Danish kroner ................................................ vi 
Day Count Fraction ....................................... 35 
Dealer Agreement ....................................... 133 
Dealers ................................................... 2, 133 
Definitive Notes ............................................ 28 
Determination Agent ..................................... 37 
distributor .......................................... vi, 84, 85 
DKK .............................................................. vi 
do ..................................................... 53, 56, 61 
Drawdown Prospectus ................................... iii 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) ................... 37 
Early Termination Amount ............................ 37 
ECB .............................................................. 27 
EEA .......................................................... 1, 84 
Effective Date ............................................... 52 
Eligible Green Assets .................................. 100 
End ............................................................... 62 
ESMA ............................................................ 1 
EU Benchmarks Regulation....................... 1, 15 
EU CRA Regulation ........................................ 1 
EU Insurance Distribution Directive .............. 84 
EU MiFID II ..................................... 1, 84, 134 
EU MiFID Product Governance Rules ............ vi 
EU PRIIPs Regulation ................................... 84

--- Page 147 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
EU Prospectus Regulation ................. 1, 86, 134 
EUR .............................................................. vi 
EURIBOR ............................................... 15, 37 
euro ............................................................... vi 
Eurobond Basis ............................................ 36 
Euroclear ................................................... 5, 27 
Eurodollar Convention.................................. 33 
Euronext Dublin ........................................ 1, 86 
Eurosystem ....................................... 17, 27, 29 
EUWA .............................................. v, 84, 135 
Event of Default ...................................... 37, 77 
Extraordinary Resolution .............................. 37 
Final Redemption Amount ............................ 37 
Final Terms ............................................. iii, 31 
Financially Non-profit Companies ............... 103 
first currency ................................................ 82 
First Interest Payment Date ........................... 37 
first Person ................................................... 45 
Fitch............................................................. 37 
Fixed Coupon Amount ................................. 37 
Floating Rate Convention ............................. 33 
Following Business Day Convention ............ 32 
foreign financial institution .......................... 132 
foreign passthru payments ........................... 132 
FRN Convention .......................................... 33 
FSMA .......................................................... 84 
FTT ............................................................. 131 
GBP .............................................................. vi 
Generally Non-profit Companies ................. 103 
Global Note ............................................... 3, 27 
Global Registered Note ................................. 29 
Green Bond Principles .................................. 18 
Green Bonds ................................................ 17 
Green Finance Framework ............................. iv 
Gross Redemption Yield ............................... 37 
Group ........................................................... 37 
Guarantee ..................................................... 37 
Holder ..................................................... 38, 46 
i 53, 56, 61 
i+1 ............................................................... 56 
IA Determination Cut-off Date ..................... 38 
ICSDs ............................................................ 5 
IFRS ........................................................ ii, 38 
IGAs ........................................................... 132 
Indebtedness ................................................. 38 
Independent Adviser ..................................... 67 
Index Days ................................................... 62 
Individual Note Certificates .......................... 29 
Initial Longstop Date ............................... 38, 72 
Initial Rate of Interest .............................. 38, 68 
Insurance Distribution Directive .............. v, 134 
Interest Amount ............................................ 38 
Interest Commencement Date ....................... 38 
Interest Determination Date ......... 38, 53, 56, 61 
Interest Payment Date ................................... 38 
Interest Period .............................................. 39 
Investment Grade Rating Change .................. 39 
Investor's Currency ....................................... 20 
ISDA............................................................ 39 
ISDA Definitions.......................................... 39 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment............................ 59 
ISDA Fallback Rate ...................................... 59 
ISDA Rate .................................................... 50 
Issue Date ..................................................... 39 
Issuer .................................................... 1, ii, 31 
LBD ............................................................. 53 
London Banking Day .................................... 53 
M1 .......................................................... 35, 36 
M2 ................................................................ 36 
Make Whole Redemption Amount........... 39, 70 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin ................. 39 
Make-Whole Redemption Rate ...................... 39 
Margin .......................................................... 39 
Maturity Date ................................................ 39 
Maximum Redemption Amount .................... 39 
Member State ................................................. vi 
Minimum Redemption Amount ..................... 39 
Modified Business Day Convention ............... 32 
Modified Following Business Day Convention
 ................................................................. 32 
Moody's ........................................................ 39 
Most Recent Financial Report ....................... 34 
near-term ...................................................... 73 
necessary information ................................... 26 
Net Interest Charges ...................................... 39 
New Safekeeping Structure ....................... 4, 29 
NGN ......................................................... 3, 27 
ni 54, 56, 61 
NIBOR ......................................................... 40 
No Adjustment .............................................. 33 
NOK .............................................................. vi 
non- investment grade rating ......................... 39 
Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount
 ........................................................... 40, 70 
Norwegian kroner .......................................... vi 
Note Certificate ....................................... 40, 46 
Noteholder ........................................ 40, 46, 98 
Notes ........................................................ 1, 31 
NSS .......................................................... 4, 29 
Numerator ..................................................... 63 
Observation Period ............................ 54, 56, 61 
offer ............................................................ 134 
offer of Notes to the public .................. 134, 135 
Official List .................................................... 1 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) ............. 40 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) .............. 40 
Optional Redemption Date ...................... 40, 73 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) ............ 40, 70 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) .............. 40, 71 
p 54, 56, 61 
Par Call Commencement Date ....................... 40 
participating Member State.......................... 131 
Paying Agents ............................................... 31 
Payment Business Day .................................. 40 
Permanent Global Note ............................. 3, 27 
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness .............. 41 
Permitted Security Interest ............................ 41 
Person ........................................................... 41 
Potential Change of Control Announcement . 41, 
73

--- Page 148 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
pounds sterling .............................................. vi 
Preceding Business Day Convention ............. 33 
PRIIPs Regulation .......................................... v 
Principal Financial Centre ............................. 41 
Principal Paying Agent .............................. 2, 31 
Principal Subsidiary...................................... 41 
Proceedings ............................................. 42, 82 
Programme ................................................ 1, 31 
Put Option Notice ......................................... 42 
Put Option Receipt ....................................... 42 
Quarterly Consolidated Financial Statements of 
the Group ................................................. 42 
Quotation Time ............................................ 42 
Rate Adjustment ........................................... 67 
Rate of Interest ........................................ 42, 68 
Rating ..................................................... 42, 68 
Rating Agency......................................... 42, 68 
Rating Decrease ...................................... 42, 68 
Rating Downgrade ................................... 42, 73 
Record Date ...................................... 42, 76, 98 
Redemption Amount .................................... 42 
Redemption Margin ...................................... 42 
Reference Banks ........................................... 42 
Reference Bond ............................................ 42 
Reference Bond Price ................................... 42 
Reference Date ............................................. 43 
Reference Government Bond Dealer ............. 43 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations
 ................................................................. 43 
Reference Period .......................................... 43 
Reference Price ............................................ 43 
Reference Rate ............................................. 43 
Reference Time ............................................ 59 
Registered Notes ............................. 1, 3, 29, 31 
Registrar ................................................... 2, 31 
Regular Date ................................................ 43 
Regular Period.............................................. 43 
Regulated Market ........................................... 1 
Regulation S .............................................. 1, 86 
Relevant Coupons ................................... 43, 75 
Relevant Date ............................................... 43 
Relevant Decimal Place ................................ 63 
Relevant Financial Centre ............................. 43 
Relevant Governmental Body ....................... 59 
Relevant Indebtedness .................................. 43 
Relevant Nominating Body ........................... 67 
Relevant Number.......................................... 63 
Relevant Screen Page ................................... 44 
Relevant Time .............................................. 44 
Reporting Date ............................................. 44 
Reserved Matter ........................................... 44 
retail investor ...................................... 134, 135 
rouble ............................................................ vi 
S&P ..................................................... 1, iv, 44 
SATO ............................................................ 1 
Second Party Opinion .................................... iv 
second Person............................................... 45 
Secured Indebtedness ................................... 44 
Secured Notes ............................................... 44 
Secured Solvency Ratio ................................. 44 
Securities Act ............................................ 1, 86 
Security Interest ............................................ 44 
SEK ............................................................... vi 
Series ............................................................ 31 
SOFR...................................................... 16, 56 
SOFR Administrator ..................................... 57 
SOFR Administrator's Website ...................... 57 
SOFR Compounded Index ............................. 63 
SOFR Determination Time ............................ 57 
SOFRi .......................................................... 57 
SONIA ................................................... 16, 54 
SONIA Compounded Index........................... 63 
SONIA Reference Rate ................................. 54 
SONIAi ........................................................ 54 
Specified Currency .................................. 20, 44 
Specified Denomination(s) ............................ 44 
Specified Future Date .............................. 66, 67 
Specified Office ............................................ 44 
Specified Period ............................................ 44 
Specified Threshold ................................ 45, 68 
Start .............................................................. 63 
Step Down Event .................................... 45, 68 
Step Up Event ......................................... 45, 68 
Step Up Margin ....................................... 45, 68 
Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount... 45, 
70 
STIBOR........................................................ 45 
Subsidiary ..................................................... 45 
sub-unit................................................... 49, 63 
Successor Rate .............................................. 67 
Swedish krona ................................................ vi 
T2 ................................................................. 45 
Talon ............................................................ 45 
TARGET Settlement Day .............................. 45 
TEFRA C Rules ............................................ 27 
TEFRA D Rules ............................................ 27 
Temporary Global Note ............................. 3, 27 
Termination Date .......................................... 52 
Testing Date.................................................. 45 
Tranche ......................................................... 31 
Trust Deed .................................................... 31 
Trustee ...................................................... 2, 31 
U.S. dollars .................................................... vi 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day ..... 57 
U.S.$ ............................................................. vi 
UK....................................................... v, vi, 84 
UK CRA Regulation ..................................... vii 
UK MiFIR .................................................... 85 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ...... vi, 85 
UK PRIIPs Regulation .............................. v, 84 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement ............. 59 
USD .............................................................. vi 
Y1 .......................................................... 35, 36 
Y2 .......................................................... 35, 36 
Zero Coupon Note ......................................... 45

--- Page 149 ---
ISSUER 
SATO Corporation 
Panuntie 4 
PL 401 
FI-00601 Helsinki Finland 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
Danske Bank A/S 
Bernstorffsgade 40  
DK-1577 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Finland 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
Gebhardinaukio 1 
FIN-00510 Helsinki 
Finland 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8  
S106 40 Stockholm  
Sweden  
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE – 105 34 
Stockholm 
Sweden 
TRUSTEE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe PLC 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 
Ireland 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Finnish law: 
To the Issuer as to English law: 
White & Case LLP 
Aleksanterinkatu 44 
FI-00100 Helsinki 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1DW

--- Page 150 ---
Finland 
United Kingdom 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
To the Trustee as to English law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte Oy 
Salmisaarenaukio 2 
00180 Helsinki 
Finland 
LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Ltd 
5th Floor, The Exchange, 
George's Dock, IFSC, 
Dublin 1, D01 W3P9