--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
SAXO BANK A/S 
Turbo's and other Leveraged Securities 
 
Saxo Bank A/S (the "Issuer") may from time to time issue Turbo's and other leveraged securities (the 
"Securities" and each a "Security") under this Turbo's and other leverage securities programme (the 
"Programme"). The Securities may be based on the performance of a share (including a certificate representing 
shares), an index, a currency exchange rate, a precious metal, a commodity, an interest rate, a non-equity 
security, a fund unit, a futures contract, or, as the case may be, and as specified in the relevant final terms (the 
"Final Terms") prepared by or on behalf of the Issuer, a reference rate (including, but not limited to, interest 
rate swap (IRS) rates, currency swap rates or, as the case may be, credit default swap levels), as well as a basket 
comprising the aforementioned assets.  
 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") may only be distributed in the European Economic Area, and the 
offering, sale and delivery of the Securities is restricted to customers of the Issuer or a consolidated company of 
the Issuer (the Issuer together with such consolidated companies, the "Group" or "Saxo Bank Group") who 
hold a brokerage account with the Issuer or a company within the Group.  
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared according to Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, 
(the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Danish Financial Supervisory 
Authority (Finanstilsynet) (the "DFSA") on 22 November 2021 as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The DFSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities. 
   
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for use only by the Issuer or others who have obtained the Issuer's consent 
for a period of up to 12 months after its approval by the DFSA and shall expire on 22 November 2022 at the 
latest. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus, in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies only, shall cease to apply upon the expiry of the validity period of this Base 
Prospectus.  
 
THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS 
(AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. TRADING IN THE SECURITIES HAS NOT BEEN 
APPROVED BY THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION UNDER THE U.S. 
COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED, OR BY THE UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. SEE "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE". 
 
An investment in Securities issued under this Base Prospectus involves certain risks. Prospective

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
purchasers of Securities should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Securities and the 
extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Securities as an 
investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. For a discussion of these risks 
see "Risk Factors" below. 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 22 November 2021

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
 
This document constitutes a Base Prospectus according to Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. This Base 
Prospectus has been approved by the DFSA on 22 November 2021 as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The DFSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities. 
 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for use only by the Issuer or others who have obtained the Issuer's consent 
for a period of up to 12 months after its approval by the DFSA and shall expire on 22 November 2022 at the 
latest. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus, in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies only, shall cease to apply upon the expiry of the validity period of this Base 
Prospectus.  
 
Under this Base Prospectus, the Issuer may from time to time issue Securities as set out in the Programme. This 
Base Prospectus may only be distributed in the European Economic Area, and the offering, sale and delivery of 
the Securities is restricted to customers of the Issuer or a company within the Group who hold a brokerage 
account with the Issuer or a company within the Group. 
 
The Base Prospectus contains all information about the Securities which was known at the time the Base 
Prospectus has been approved and contains placeholders and optional elements (options and additional options). 
This relates to information which will only be specified by the Issuer upon issue of the Securities. The Issuer 
will in each case prepare the Final Terms for the Securities which will contain the information that can only be 
specified at the time of the issue of the Securities under this Base Prospectus. The Final Terms will be prepared 
by completing the form of the Final Terms set out in "Form of Final Terms" with the information that applies 
specifically to the relevant Securities. In particular, this includes stating which of the optional elements with 
regard to the Securities apply. In addition, the relevant placeholders contained in the Base Prospectus will be 
filled with specific values (e.g. dates, prices, rates). 
 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in, or not consistent with, this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
Securities and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer. 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Securities (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms or any other 
information supplied in connection with the issue of any Securities should purchase any Securities. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Securities should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus, 
the Final Terms nor any other information supplied in connection with the issue of any Securities constitutes an 
offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Securities. 
 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Securities 
shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any 
time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the issue of the 
Securities is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
BELGIAN CONSUMERS – If the applicable Final Terms in respect of the Securities include a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to Consumers in Belgium”, the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to “consumers” 
(consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time 
to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), 
being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, 
business or profession. 
 
MIFID PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET  
 
Information on the manufacturer's target market assessment in respect of any Securities can be obtained via the 
platforms of the Issuer and the distributors, which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however; a distributor subject to Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU), 
as amended or replaced from time to time, is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF SECURITIES GENERALLY 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Securities in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any 
Securities may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating 
any such distribution or offering. Other than Denmark, the Netherlands, France and Belgium, no action has been 
taken by the Issuer which is intended to permit a public offering of any Securities or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Securities may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms nor any advertisement 
or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus, the Final Terms or any Securities may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms and the offering and sale of Securities.  
 
In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus will be passported by way of notification to 
the competent authorities in the Netherlands, France and Belgium, respectively, in accordance with Article 25 
of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer intends to offer the Securities described in this Base Prospectus for 
sale to the public in Denmark, the Netherlands, France and Belgium, in each case, as specified in the Final Terms 
for any issue of Securities. 
 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Securities are legal 
investments for it, (2) Securities can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Securities. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Securities under any applicable risk-based 
capital or similar rules. 
 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act) except pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. See 
"Subscription and Sale".  
 
The Securities may be subject to U.S. tax law requirements. See "Taxation—US Taxation". 
 
ARRANGEMENT ON MARKET MAKING 
 
In connection with the issue of the Securities, the Issuer expects to enter into an agreement with UBS AG, 
pursuant to which UBS AG through its London branch will act as market maker to the Issuer in respect 
of the economic risk of the Securities. The market maker intends, under normal conditions, to provide bid 
and offer prices for the Securities on a regular basis on behalf of the Issuer. Although UBS AG will provide 
such bid and offer prices for the Securities on behalf of the Issuer, such prices will be determined by UBS 
AG in its sole discretion, independent of the Issuer.  
 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or a uniform resource locator (a "URL") are inactive textual 
references and are included for information purposes only. The contents of any such website or URL shall not

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. 
 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "Danish Kroner" or "DKK" are to the currency of Denmark and all 
references to "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic 
and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, of those 
members of the European Union which are participating in the European Economic and Monetary Union.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT ....................................................................................................................... 8 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................................. 9 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 21 
OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION .............................................................................................................. 53 
CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES ............................................................................................................... 58 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................ 185 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE UNDERLYING .............................................................................................. 197 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................. 198 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SAXO BANK GROUP ............................................................................................. 199 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 215 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 216 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 221 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ......................................................................................................................... 223

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer's responsibility  
The Issuer is responsible for this Base Prospectus in accordance with Danish law. 
Persons responsible 
Board of Directors 
 
Kari Stadigh 
Chairman 
 
 
Henrik Normann 
Vice Chairman 
Daniel Donghui Li 
Board member 
 
Yifan Zhang 
Board member 
Preben Damgaard  
Board member 
Patrick Lapveteläinen 
Board member 
 
who have authorised the members of the Issuer's board of management (the "Board of Management") to 
jointly sign the Base Prospectus.  
Management Board  
 
Kim Fournais 
Founder and CEO 
 
 
Søren Kyhl 
Deputy CEO and 
Group Chief 
Operating Officer 
Steen Blaafalk 
Group Chief Risk & 
Compliance Officer 
Mette Ingeman 
Pedersen 
Group Chief 
Financial Officer 
 
The Issuer's statement 
We, as the persons responsible for this Base Prospectus on behalf of the Issuer, hereby declare that to the best 
of our knowledge the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does 
not omit anything likely to affect its import.  
Hellerup, 22 November 2021 
According to the authorisation granted by the Board of Directors. 
 
 
Kim Fournais 
Founder and CEO 
 
 
Søren Kyhl 
Deputy CEO and 
Group Chief 
Operating Officer 
Steen Blaafalk 
Group Chief Risk & 
Compliance Officer 
Mette Ingeman 
Pedersen 
Group Chief 
Financial Officer

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description of key features of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is qualified 
in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in "Conditions of the 
Securities" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this description of 
key features of the Programme.  
 
Issuer: 
Saxo Bank A/S. 
Settlement Bank, Paying 
Agent and Safekeeping 
Bank: 
UBS Switzerland AG. 
Calculation Agent, Market 
Maker and Hedging 
Counterparty:  
UBS AG. 
Types of Securities: 
The Securities are Turbo's and other leveraged securities which are not 
capital protected at maturity.  
 
The Securities allow investors to participate disproportionately (with 
leverage) in the positive or negative performance of a share (including a 
certificate representing shares), an index, a currency exchange rate, a 
precious metal, a commodity, an interest rate, a non-equity security, a 
fund unit, a futures contract, or, as the case may be, and as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, a reference rate (including, but not limited to, 
interest rate swap (IRS) rates, currency swap rates or, as the case may be, 
credit default swap levels) (the "Underlying"), as well as a basket 
comprising the aforementioned assets (the "Basket", and each such asset 
comprised in such Basket, a "Basket Component"), in each case, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Following a valid exercise of the Securities in accordance with the 
Conditions of the Securities, Securityholders are entitled to receive 
payment of the Redemption Amount determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket 
Component. 
 
The Securities can be structured as: 
 
1. Turbo's Long 
2. Turbo's Short 
3. Turbo's XL Long 
4. Turbo's XL Short 
5. Factor (Long) Certificates;  
6. Factor (Short) Certificates; 
Issuance in Series: 
Securities may be issued in series (each a "Series") and Securities of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms (except, inter alia, for Issue 
Price, Issue Date, Issue Size and interest commencement date, which may 
or may not be identical) whether as to currency, denomination, interest or 
maturity or otherwise.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Form of the Securities: 
The Securities qualify as securities within the meaning of Article 2(a) of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
The Securities will be treated as dematerialised book-entry form 
securities pursuant to the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act 
(FISA). 
Status of the Securities: 
The Securities constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, ranking pari passu among themselves and with 
all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, other than obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of 
law such as preferred deposits.  
 
Securityholders will not be entitled (subject to applicable law) to set-off 
the Issuer's obligations under the Securities against obligations owed by 
them to the Issuer in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer. Securityholders may therefore be required to participate in 
separate proceedings in order to recover amounts owing to them under 
counterclaims, and may receive a lower recovery in an insolvency of the 
Issuer than would be the case if set-off or counterclaim were permitted.     
Settlement of the 
Securities: 
The Issuer holds with the Settlement Bank: 
 
(i) a securities account or accounts (the "Client Securities Account") in 
the name of the Issuer, which Client Securities Account will hold the 
Securities in book-entry form for the account of the Securityholders, 
and 
 
(ii) a cash account or accounts (the "Client Cash Account") in the name 
of the Issuer for settlement of cash flows relating to the Securities in 
the Client Securities Account. 
 
The Settlement Bank will settle all trades in the Securities by way of 
corresponding book-entries in the Client Securities Account, and the 
Settlement Bank will make corresponding and simultaneous cash debits 
or credits in the Client Cash Account. 
 
Upon a settlement of a trade in the Securities by way of a book-entry in 
the Client Securities Account by the Settlement Bank, the Issuer will 
make a corresponding and simultaneous book-entry in the securities 
account of the relevant Securityholder with the Issuer. 
 
Upon a cash debit or credit in the Client Cash Account by the Settlement 
Bank, the Issuer will make a corresponding and simultaneous cash debit 
or credit in the cash account of the relevant Securityholder with the Issuer. 
 
The settlement procedure as described above is also applicable in case of 
a redemption or expiration of the Securities on a Redemption Date or 
Expiration Date. 
Listing or trading of the 
Securities: 
The Issuer does not intend to apply for admission of the Securities to 
trading on a regulated market or other equivalent market. 
 
The Securities will become tradable on the electronic trading systems 
CATS-OS and/or CATS-LS (together "CATS"). Securityholders will be 
able to buy or sell Securities by placing orders with the Issuer. Such

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
orders will be submitted by the Issuer to the Market Maker. The Market 
Maker intends, under normal market conditions, to provide bid and offer 
prices for the Securities on a regular basis on behalf of the Issuer. Upon 
acceptance of a bid or ask price, as the case may be, by the Securityholder 
via the Issuer, the Market Maker will, with the authorisation of the Issuer, 
match the relevant buy or sell order of the Securityholder and confirm via 
CATS the execution of a trade in the Security between the Issuer and the 
Securityholder. 
 
Issue Price; Offering of the 
Securities: 
Issue Price of the Securities 
 
The relevant issue price at which the Securities will first be offered for 
purchase ("Issue Price") with regard to each issue of Securities under the 
Base Prospectus will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case 
the Issue Price per Security is not yet determined at the time of the 
issuance of the Securities or cannot be specified in the Final Terms for 
any other reason, the issue price per Security will be determined by the 
Issuer based on relevant product parameters and prevailing market 
conditions (in particular the price of the Underlying, the implied 
volatility, interest rates, dividend expectations and lending fees). 
 
Costs and expenses charged to the subscriber or purchaser of the 
Securities 
 
The Issue Price includes product specific costs. In addition, an offering 
premium may be added to the Issue Price. These costs and the offering 
premium, if any, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The Issuer may grant sales and recurring commissions to distributors 
related to the amount/number of placed or sold Securities. Sales 
commissions are paid out of the issue proceeds as a one-off payment; 
alternatively, the Issuer may grant an agio on the issue price (excl. the 
offering premium) to the distributor. Recurring commissions are paid 
regularly depending on the respective securities volume. If the Issuer acts 
as Issuer and distributor the relevant commissions are internally booked 
in favour of the distributing organisational unit. The applicable Final 
Terms will state the commissions paid by the Issuer, if any. 
 
Information on costs and expenses associated with the purchase of the 
Securities which are charged to the subscriber or the purchaser of the 
Securities by a third party, e.g. by its depositary bank or a stock exchange, 
shall be requested from such third party. 
 
Additional information on the offer of Securities 
 
Further details of the offer and sale of the Securities, in particular the 
relevant initial payment date, the relevant issue size, information with 
regard to the manner and date, in which the result of the offer are to be 
made public, if required, and the relevant conditions, if any, to which the 
offer of the Securities is subject, with regard to each issue of Securities 
under this Base Prospectus will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Securities 
will be offered to the category of qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation as well as non-qualified investors. 
 
Maturity of the Securities: 
Unless the applicable Product Terms of the Securities in the definition of 
"Securities" specify the product feature "Open Ended" to be applicable, 
the Securities expire – provided that the Securities are not terminated or 
expired early in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities – on the 
Redemption Date or, as the case may be, and as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms on the Expiration Date. 
 
In the case that in the definition of "Securities" contained in the section 
"Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms the product feature "Open 
Ended" is specified to be applicable, the Securities have - in contrast to 
securities with a fixed term - no pre-determined maturity date, and thus 
no defined term. As a result, the Securityholder’s right vested in those 
Securities must be exercised by the respective Securityholder on a 
specific Exercise Date in accordance with the exercise procedure 
described in the Conditions of the Securities, if the Option Right is to be 
asserted. 
Exercise of the Option 
Rights: 
The Option Right embedded in the Securities must be exercised by the 
Securityholder in accordance with the exercise procedure described in the 
Conditions of the Securities. Upon exercise of the Option Right the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the Redemption Amount payable, if 
any, either corresponding to the number of Securities actually delivered 
or to the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, whichever 
is lower. In case the number of Securities actually delivered is higher than 
the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, any remaining 
excess amount with respect to the Securities delivered will be returned to 
the relevant Securityholder. 
 
In the case that in the definition of "Securities" contained in the section 
"Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms the product feature 
"Minimum Exercise Size" is specified to be applicable, any 
Securityholder must in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities 
tender a specified minimum number of the Securities, in order to exercise 
the Option Right vested in the Securities, the so-called Minimum 
Exercise Size.  
 
If so specified in the applicable Product Terms of the Securities, Option 
Rights, which are not or have not been validly exercised within the 
Exercise Period, are automatically exercised without requiring the 
submission of an Exercise Notice, the transfer of the Securities or the 
fulfilment of further special preconditions on the Expiration Date.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Extraordinary Termination 
Rights of the Issuer and the 
Security Holders: 
The following termination rights are, in accordance with the Conditions 
of the Securities, attached to the Securities: 
 
Termination and Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
 
The Issuer is in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities, under 
certain circumstances entitled to terminate and redeem the Securities in 
total prior to the Redemption Date, e.g. in case that (i) the determination 
and/or publication of the price of the Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, of a Basket Component, is discontinued permanently or 
(ii) due to the coming into effect of changes in laws or regulations 
(including but not limited to tax laws) at the reasonable discretion of the 
Issuer the holding, acquisition or sale of the Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, of a Basket Component, is or becomes wholly 
or partially illegal. In such case, each Securityholder is entitled to demand 
the payment of a redemption amount in relation to this early redemption. 
However, the Securityholder is not entitled to request any further 
payments on the Securities after the relevant termination date. 
 
Termination Right of the Securityholders 
 
In the case that in the definition of "Securities" contained in the section 
"Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms the product feature 
"Securityholder’s Extraordinary Termination Right" is specified to 
be not applicable, Securityholders do not have a termination right and the 
Securities may, hence, not be terminated by the Securityholders during 
their term. 
 
In the case that in the definition of "Securities" contained in the section 
"Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms the product feature 
"Securityholder’s Extraordinary Termination Right" is specified to 
be applicable, any Securityholder may, by written notice to the Issuer, 
declare such Security to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the 
Securityholder Termination Amount as specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Product Terms together with accrued interest to the date of 
payment, if any, shall become immediately due and payable against 
transfer of the relevant Securities to the Principal Paying Agent in 
accordance with the Conditions of the Securities, unless such Event of 
Default shall have been remedied prior to the receipt of such notice by the 
Issuer, if any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs: 
(a) there is a default for more than 30 days in the payment of any principal 
due in respect of the Security; or

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) there is a default in the performance by the Issuer of any other 
obligation under the Securities which (i) is incapable of remedy or (ii) 
continues for 60 days after written notice of such default has been 
given by any Securityholder to the Issuer; or 
(c) any order is made by any competent court or other authority in any 
jurisdiction or any resolution was passed by the Issuer (a) for the 
dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer, or (b) for the appointment of 
a liquidator, receiver or administrator of the Issuer or of all or a 
substantial part of the Issuer’s assets, or (c) with analogous effect for 
the Issuer. It is understood that anything in connection with a solvent 
reorganisation, reconstruction, amalgamation or merger shall not 
constitute an event of default; or 
(d) the Issuer stops payment or is unable to, or admits to creditors 
generally its inability to, pay its debts as they fall due, or is adjudicated 
or found bankrupt or insolvent, or enters into any composition or other 
arrangements with its creditors generally. 
 
No General Early Redemption Right 
 
Neither the Issuer nor the Securityholders have a general early redemption 
right in relation to the Securities prior to the Redemption Date. 
Dependency on the 
Underlying in general 
The following features describe the dependency of the value of the 
Securities on the Underlying: 
 
In the case that in the definition of "Securities" contained in the 
section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms the product 
feature "Leverage Factor" or, as the case may be, "Multiplier" is 
specified to be applicable, 
 
potential investors should be aware that the application of the Leverage 
Factor or of the Multiplier, as specified to be applicable in the Final 
Terms, as well as of any other proportion factor within the determination 
of the Option Right results in the Securities being in economic terms 
similar to a direct investment in the Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, in the Basket Components, but being nonetheless not 
fully comparable with such a direct investment, in particular because, if 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Securityholders do not 
participate in the relevant performance of the Underlying or, as the case 
may be, Basket Components by a 1:1 ratio, but by the proportion of the 
Leverage Factor or of the Multiplier.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
In the case that in the definition of "Securities" contained in the 
section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms the product 
feature "Quanto" is specified to be applicable, 
 
potential investors should be aware that the Securityholder's right vested 
in the Securities as well as the value of the Underlying or, as the case may 
be, the Basket Components are determined on the basis of a currency 
other than the Redemption Currency. Accordingly, any value of the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components determined 
on the basis of a currency other than the Redemption Currency needs to 
be converted into the Redemption Currency by using a currency exchange 
rate fixed at the time of issuance of the Securities (so-called "quanto"-
feature). However, currency exchange rates are at times subject to 
considerable fluctuations and can change significantly over time. 
 
Any potential investors should be aware that there may be favourable 
developments in the value of the currency in which the value of the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components against the 
Redemption Currency. Therefore, the "quanto"-feature of the Securities 
may preclude the investors from participating in such favourable 
developments (i.e., because the fixed currency exchange rate used for the 
purposes of valuing the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Baske 
Component in the Redemption Currency is less favourable than the 
currency exchange rate prevailing in the market at such time) and, 
therefore, reduce the value of the Securities. 
Functioning of the 
Securities 
The following description of the Securities includes a description of the 
entitlement and further features of the Securities, as provided for in the 
Conditions of the Securities, and terms and expressions defined in other 
parts of this Base Prospectus and not otherwise defined in this "Overview 
of the Programme" shall have the same meanings in this part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
For the purposes the following, it should be noted that any reference to 
"Underlying" shall not only refer to single assets (e.g. a share, an index, 
a non-equity security or a fund unit), but also to baskets or portfolios of 
assets. In the context of baskets and portfolios, and as specified in the 
applicable Product Terms, reference may be made to the Relevant 
Underlying only, i.e. to the Underlying, showing a certain pre-determined 
performance, e.g. the worst performance during an observation period. 
 
All payments relating to the Securities are made in the Redemption 
Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
1. Turbo's Long: 
 
Turbo's Long allow investors to participate disproportionately (with 
leverage) in the positive development of the Underlying.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Conversely, investors in Turbo's Long also participate disproportionately 
(with leverage) in the negative development of the Underlying. Investors 
bear the risk of the Turbo's Long expiring (almost) worthless if the price 
of the Underlying does at any time (i) either during the Term of the 
Securities or any other predefined period specified for these purposes, (ii) 
or on the Valuation Date or any other predefined date specified for these 
purposes reach or fall short of the Current Stop Loss Level, so-called 
Stop Loss Event, all as specified in the applicable Product Terms. In this 
case, the Option Right expires and the Securityholder will receive 
payment of a redemption amount in the Redemption Currency which is 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, so-
called Stop Loss Redemption Amount. Only if specified in the applicable 
Product Terms, the Securityholder will in such case receive a minimum 
re-payment of 0.001 in the Redemption Currency or such other amount 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms. Otherwise, the Stop Loss 
Redemption Amount can be EUR 0.00, but not less than EUR 0.00. 
 
Upon exercise of the Turbo's Long by either the Securityholder or the 
Issuer, (and unless a Stop Loss Event has occurred), Securityholders 
receive on the Redemption Date a Redemption Amount in the 
Redemption Currency equal to the difference amount by which the 
Reference Price or the Settlement Price of the Underlying, as specified in 
the relevant Product Terms of the Turbo's Long, exceeds the Current 
Financing Level, multiplied by the Leverage Factor or the Multiplier, as 
specified in the applicable Product Terms. 
 
The Calculation Agent shall regularly adjust the Current Financing Level 
and the Current Stop Loss Level to cover the financing and other costs of 
the Issuer. These daily adjustments will reduce, if all other factors 
determining the market price of the Turbo's Long remain unchanged, the 
value of the Turbo's Long. 
During their term, the Turbo's Long do not generate any regular income 
(e.g. dividends or interest). 
 
2. Turbo's Short: 
 
Turbo's Short allow investors to positively participate disproportionately 
(with leverage) in the negative development of the Underlying.  
 
Conversely, investors in Turbo's Short also participate disproportionately 
(with leverage) in the positive development of the Underlying. Investors 
bear the risk of the Turbo's Short expiring (almost) worthless if the price 
of the Underlying does at any time (i) either during the Term of the 
Securities or any other predefined period specified for these purposes, (ii) 
or on the Valuation Date or any other predefined date specified for these 
purposes reach or exceed the Current Stop Loss Level, so-called Stop 
Loss Event, all as specified in the applicable Product Terms. In this case, 
the Option Right expires and the Securityholder will receive payment of 
a redemption amount in the Redemption Currency which is determined 
by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, so-called Stop Loss 
Redemption Amount. Only if specified in the applicable Product Terms, 
the Securityholder will in such case receive a minimum re-payment of 
0.001 in the Redemption Currency or such other amount as specified in 
the applicable Product Terms. Otherwise, the Stop Loss Redemption 
Amount can be EUR 0.00, but not less than EUR 0.00.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
Upon exercise of the Turbo's Short by either the Securityholder or the 
Issuer, (and unless a Stop Loss Event has occurred), Securityholders 
receive on the Redemption Date a Redemption Amount in the 
Redemption Currency equal to the difference amount by which the 
Reference Price or the Settlement Price of the Underlying, as specified in 
the relevant Product Terms of the Turbo's Short, falls short of the Current 
Financing Level, multiplied by the Leverage Factor or the Multiplier, as 
specified in the applicable Product Terms.  
 
The Calculation Agent shall regularly adjust the Current Financing Level 
and the Current Stop Loss Level to cover the financing and other costs of 
the Issuer. These daily adjustments will reduce, if all other factors 
determining the market price of the Turbo's Short remain unchanged, the 
value of the Turbo's Short.  
 
During their term, the Turbo's Short do not generate any regular income 
(e.g. dividends or interest). 
 
3. Turbo's XL Long: 
 
Turbo's XL Long allow investors to participate disproportionately (with 
leverage) in the positive development of the Underlying. 
 
Conversely, 
investors 
in 
Turbo's 
XL 
Long 
also 
participate 
disproportionately (with leverage) in the negative development of the 
Underlying. Investors bear the risk of the Turbo's XL Long expiring 
worthless if at any time the price of the Underlying reaches or falls 
short of the Current Knock Out Barrier, so-called Knock Out Event 
either (i) during the Term of the Securities or any other predefined period 
specified for these purposes, or (ii) on the Valuation Date or any other 
predefined date specified for these purposes, all as specified in the 
applicable Product Terms. In this case, the Option Right lapses and each 
Turbo XL Long expires immediately worthless. 
 
Upon exercise of the Turbo's XL Long by either the Securityholder or the 
Issuer (and unless a Knock Out Event has occurred), Securityholders 
receive on the Redemption Date a Redemption Amount in the 
Redemption Currency equal to the difference amount by which the 
Reference Price or the Settlement Price of the Underlying, as specified in 
the relevant Product Terms of the Turbo's XL Long, exceeds the Current 
Strike, multiplied by the Leverage Factor or the Multiplier, as specified 
in the applicable Product Terms. 
 
The Calculation Agent shall regularly adjust the Current Knock Out 
Barrier and the Current Strike to cover the financing and other costs of 
the Issuer. These daily adjustments will reduce, if all other factors 
determining the market price of the Turbo's XL Long remain unchanged, 
the value of the Turbo's XL Long. 
 
During their term, the Turbo's XL Long do not generate any regular 
income (e.g. dividends or interest).

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
4. Turbo's XL Short: 
 
Turbo's 
XL 
Short 
allow 
investors 
to 
positively 
participate 
disproportionately (with leverage) in the negative development of the 
Underlying. 
 
Conversely, 
investors 
in 
Turbo's 
XL 
Short 
also 
participate 
disproportionately (with leverage) in the positive development of the 
Underlying. Investors bear the risk of the Turbo's XL Short expiring 
worthless if the price of the Underlying does at any time (i) either 
during the Term of the Securities or any other predefined period specified 
for these purposes, (ii) or on the Valuation Date or any other predefined 
date specified for these purposes reach or exceed the Current Knock 
Out Barrier, so-called Knock Out Event, all as specified in the 
applicable Product Terms. In this case, the Option Right lapses and each 
Turbo XL Short expires immediately worthless. 
 
Upon exercise of the Turbo's XL Short by either the Securityholder or the 
Issuer (and unless a Knock Out Event has occurred), Securityholders 
receive on the Redemption Date a Redemption Amount in the 
Redemption Currency equal to the difference amount by which the 
Reference Price or the Settlement Price of the Underlying, as specified in 
the relevant Product Terms of the Turbo's XL Short, falls short of the 
Current Strike, multiplied by the Leverage Factor or the Multiplier, as 
specified in the applicable Product Terms. 
 
The Calculation Agent shall regularly adjust the Current Knock Out 
Barrier and the Current Strike to cover the financing and other costs of 
the Issuer. These daily adjustments will reduce, if all other factors 
determining the market price of the Turbo's XL Short remain unchanged, 
the value of the Turbo's XL Short. 
 
During their term, the Turbo's XL Short do not generate any regular 
income (e.g. dividends or interest). 
 
5. Factor (Long) Certificates: 
 
Factor 
(Long) 
Certificates 
allow 
investors 
to 
participate 
disproportionately (with leverage) in the positive development of the 
Underlying. 
 
Conversely, investors in Factor (Long) Certificates also participate 
disproportionately (with leverage) in the negative development of the 
Underlying. Investors bear the risk of the Factor (Long) Certificates 
expiring (almost) worthless if the price of the Underlying does at any 
time (i) either during the Term of the Securities or any other pre-defined 
period specified for these purposes, (ii) or on the Valuation Date or any 
other pre-defined date specified for these purposes reach or fall short of 
the Current Strike (a so-called Knock Out Event has occurred), all as 
specified in the applicable Product Terms. In this case, the Option Right 
expires and the Securityholder will not receive any re-payment or, if so 
specified in the applicable Product Terms, receive a minimum re-payment 
of 0.001 in the Redemption Currency or such other amount as specified 
in the applicable Product Terms.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
Upon exercise of the Factor (Long) Certificates by either the 
Securityholder or the Issuer (and unless a Knock Out Event has 
occurred), the Securityholder receives on the Redemption Date a 
Redemption Amount in the Redemption Currency equal to the amount by 
which the Reference Price or the Settlement Price of the Underlying, as 
specified in the relevant Product Terms of the Factor (Long) Certificates, 
exceeds the Current Strike, multiplied by the Conversion Ratio, as 
specified in the applicable Product Terms. 
 
The Factor (Long) Certificates also contain a Reset Event mechanism 
which ensures that intraday movements in the value of the Underlying 
above the Current Strike but at or below the Current Reset Barrier result 
in downward adjustments of the Current Strike and the Conversion Ratio 
that are aimed at limiting the Securityholders' risk of loss (but do not 
prevent partial or total loss of the capital invested). 
 
The Issuer shall regularly adjust the Current Strike and the Conversion 
Ratio to cover its financing costs and/or maintain the Leverage Factor 
constant. These daily adjustments may reduce the value of the Factor 
(Long) Certificates even if all other factors determining the market price 
of the Factor (Long) Certificates remain unchanged. 
 
During their term, the Factor (Long) Certificates do not generate any 
regular income (e.g. dividends or interest). 
 
6. Factor (Short) Certificates: 
 
Factor 
(Short) 
Certificates 
allow 
investors 
to 
participate 
disproportionately (with leverage) in the negative development of the 
Underlying. 
 
Conversely, investors in Factor (Short) Certificates also participate 
disproportionately (with leverage) in the positive development of the 
Underlying. Investors bear the risk of the Factor (Short) Certificates 
expiring (almost) worthless if the price of the Underlying does at any 
time (i) either during the Term of the Securities or any other pre-defined 
period specified for these purposes, (ii) or on the Valuation Date or any 
other pre-defined date specified for these purposes reach or exceed the 
Current Strike (a so-called Knock Out Event has occurred), all as 
specified in the applicable Product Terms. In this case, the Option Right 
expires and the Securityholder will not receive any re-payment or, if so 
specified in the applicable Product Terms, receive a minimum re-payment 
of 0.001 in the Redemption Currency or such other amount as specified 
in the applicable Product Terms. 
 
Upon exercise of the Factor (Short) Certificates by either the 
Securityholder or the Issuer (and unless a Knock Out Event has occurred), 
the Securityholder receives on the Redemption Date a Redemption 
Amount in the Redemption Currency equal to the amount by which the 
Current Strike exceeds the Reference Price or the Settlement Price of the 
Underlying, as specified in the relevant Product Terms of the Factor 
(Short) Certificates, multiplied by the Conversion Ratio, as specified in 
the applicable Product Terms.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
The Factor (Short) Certificates also contain a Reset Event mechanism 
which ensures that intraday movements in the value of the Underlying 
below the Current Strike but at or above the Current Reset Barrier result 
in upward adjustments of the Current Strike and in downward 
adjustments of the Conversion Ratio that are aimed at limiting the 
Securityholders' risk of loss (but do not prevent partial or total loss of the 
capital invested). 
 
The Issuer shall regularly adjust the Current Strike and the Conversion 
Ratio to cover its financing costs and/or maintain the Leverage Factor 
constant. These daily adjustments may reduce the value of the Factor 
(Short) Certificates even if all other factors determining the market price 
of the Factor (Short) Certificates remain unchanged. 
 
Taxation: 
Generally, income from the Securities is taxable for the Securityholders. 
Potential investors should therefore read the notices regarding the 
taxation of the Securities, see "Taxation". 
Governing Law: 
The Securities issued by the Issuer are governed by Danish law.   
Ratings: 
The Securities will not be rated.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Securities in 
the United States and the European Economic Area and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of 
a particular Security. See "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
An investment in the Securities involves a degree of risks. Prospective investors should read the entire Base 
Prospectus and should carefully consider the risks set forth below and the other information contained in the 
Base Prospectus prior to making any investment decisions with respect to the Securities.  
 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may adversely affect the Group’s operations or financial condition 
and cause harm to the Issuer’s reputation and thereby affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Securities. 
All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
the Securities are also described below. 
 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Securities. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or 
that the Issuer currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect 
on the business activities, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows of the Issuer and, if any such 
risk should occur, the price of the Securities may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
 
In each sub-section below, the Issuer has arranged the risks with the most material risks first, in its assessment, 
considering the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the possibility of their occurrence. 
 
I. RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER  
Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation and position  
1. 
The market in which the Group operates is competitive and new competitors enter and the failure 
by the Group to compete effectively may have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations  
 
The market in which the Group operates is competitive and there can be no assurance that the Group can maintain 
its competitive position. In addition, the financial services market may face significant changes due to the 
continuous development of digital banking and investments and changes in client behaviour as well as regulatory 
developments and new operators entering the market. At least the Nordic financial sector, including the large, 
incumbent banks, is undergoing a digital transformation, which may make other competitors' client offerings 
increasingly competitive to, and comparable with, the Group's offerings. There is also a growing number of 
financial technology companies that may offer competing niche digital products, such as personal finance 
management apps. If the Group is unable to provide competitive product and service offerings or develop or 
make sufficient investments in the technology, digitisation and scalability or in a timely manner, it may fail to 
attract new clients and/or retain existing clients, experience decreases in its fee and commission income, and/or 
lose market share, the occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
 
The online trading and brokerage market is undergoing a significant change due to the emergence of online 
brokers with a discounted fee commission model. As a result, brokerage is increasingly seen as a commodity and 
clients are increasingly becoming unwilling to pay extra for the quality of service. This changing behaviour of 
clients creates pricing pressure for the Group (pressure from (potential) clients to lower prices) and this may have 
an adverse effect on the Group's net commission income and therefore on the Group's profitability as a whole.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
2. 
The Group is affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions and its profitability is heavily 
reliant on the transaction volume in the financial markets 
 
The financial services industry generally prospers in conditions of economic growth, stable geopolitical 
conditions, capital markets that are transparent, liquid and buoyant, and positive investor sentiment. See also risk 
factor no. 4 "The Group is exposed to the sensitivity and variation of the level of interest rates and changes in the 
interest rates and/or widening of liquidity and credit spreads may negatively affect the Issuer's financial condition 
and results of operations". In recent years, the global financial markets have experienced significant disruptions 
and volatility as a result of, among other things, concerns regarding the overall stability of the euro area, fears 
related to a slowdown of the Chinese economy and uncertainty relating to the timing of monetary policy changes 
in the United States. In Europe, the continued modest GDP growth and low inflation have raised concerns, as 
evidenced by the quantitative easing programme introduced by the European Central Bank in January 2015 which 
was extended to the end of 2018, and subsequently resumed in September 2019 and expanded in March and June 
2020, and the uncertainty over the continued weak economic development of certain countries in the euro area 
and their remaining a member in the euro area has continued. The market conditions have also been, and are 
likely to continue to be, affected by the slower economic growth and increased debt levels in China, the timing 
of monetary policy changes in the United States and the volatile global oil prices. Geopolitical events, such a 
continued tensions in the Middle East and the Korean Peninsula, the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the EU, 
past changes in certain policy goals of the U.S. government and changes in trade policies globally, including the 
introduction of protectionist initiatives such as new or higher tariffs, have also caused, and are likely to continue 
to cause, uncertainty in the markets and concern about the development of the global economy. There is a risk 
that the financial markets on which the Group operates will again be subject to volatility and slowdowns, which 
may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations.  
 
The Group's profitability is heavily dependent on the transaction volume in the financial markets. The Group's 
transaction-related commission income is determined by the volume of transactions and the average income per 
transaction. The transaction volume that the Group processes for its clients depends on the number of clients (the 
number of securities accounts) and the level of activity among these clients. The level of activity is determined 
by investor sentiment, which in turn largely depends on the volatility and direction (rise or fall) of financial 
markets. The average income per transaction depends on the Group's pricing structure, the value of the securities 
being traded, and the exchange and clearing costs that the Group is charged for settling the transaction. A decrease 
in the transaction volume due to the sentiment and volatility of the financial markets will adversely affect the 
Group's profitability. 
 
The coronavirus ("COVID-19") outbreak, which spread globally in the first half of 2020, has disrupted various 
markets and resulted in significant uncertainty about the development of the economies affected by the outbreak. 
While the COVID-19 pandemic has had a positive effect on the Group due to increased activity in its clients' 
trading, there can be no assurance that any future outbreaks of pandemics or other global crises will not have a 
material adverse effect on the Group as the COVID-19 generally has had on the global economy, which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's prospects, financial position and results of operations. Already in 
the second half year of 2020, the Group experienced normalised levels within client's trading and inflow of clients' 
asset.  
 
A repeat of adverse economic and financial developments would result in deterioration in market conditions, 
including changes in the systemic liquidity of the global financial markets, the level and volatility of fixed income 
prices, inflation, interest rates, exchange rates, commodity prices and the availability and cost of funding. They 
could also result in declining economic growth rates and rising unemployment. The occurrence of any of these 
factors, in turn, would likely impact the liquidity, business or financial position of the Group's clients, and 
potentially reduce demand for the Group's products and services. 
3. 
The Issuer faces credit risk in respect of its counterparties and if such counterparties were to default 
on their obligations to the Group, this may negatively affect the Issuer's financial condition 
  
The Group is subject to credit risk in respect of its financial counterparties, brokers and clients.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
The Group's lending activities includes off-balance items related to guarantees and unutilised facilities. Loans 
and other receivables are mainly loans issued to clients used to invest in securities. This lending can furthermore 
be used to cover margin requirements related to derivative positions. Clients' margin trading exposures may lead 
to uncollateralised exposures in the event of an unexpected large price gap in one or several markets. In these 
instances, the collateral posted by clients may not fully offset sustained trading deficits, which may lead to losses 
if the Group is unable to collect the amounts due. Credit risk also occurs against the Group's brokers or market 
liquidity providers. These brokers are in general, major international banks. In addition, the Group is also exposed 
to credit risks when placing its surplus liquidity with other major banks or in investment grade bonds.  
 
These counterparties may default on their obligations to the Group due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns 
in the economy, operational failure, systemic failure or for other reasons. Defaults in relation to material third 
party obligations or a material number of defaults in general could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
financial condition and results of operations. 
 
In 2020, the Group recognised provisions for expected credit loss from all counterparties in the amount of DKK 
24 million, an increase compared to a DKK 9 million provision for expected credit losses in 2019. These 
provisions relate to the possibility that a counterparty may default on its obligations. 
4. 
The Group is exposed to the sensitivity and variation of the level of interest rates and changes in the 
interest rates and/or widening of liquidity and credit spreads may negatively affect the Issuer's 
financial condition and results of operations 
 
The Group's exposure to fluctuations in interest rates arises from the level of interest rates, credit spreads and 
changes in prevailing interest rates and credit spreads (including changes in the difference between the levels of 
prevailing short- and long-term rates). The composition of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer, and any maturity 
gap position resulting from that composition, causes its net interest income to vary with changes in interest rates. 
In 2020, lower interest rates meant a reduction in net interest income on the Group's client deposits as well as 
lower treasury income.  
 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to a range of factors beyond the Group's control, including European monetary 
policy and the policies of the Danish government, Danish Central Bank and the governments and central banks 
of the other jurisdictions in which the Group operates. In a period of changing interest rates and volatile spreads, 
interest expense may increase at different rates than the interest earned on assets. Accordingly, changes in interest 
rates could decrease interest income. The Group offers its clients credits as leverage for trading and certain limited 
credit products at variable interest rates, and these credits are mainly financed by deposits from clients at variable 
interest rates. A deterioration of the Group's net interest position due to an unfavourable change in the market 
could have an adverse effect on the Group's results of operations where the Group's strategies to reduce the 
interest rate risk, such as hedging, prove to be inefficient or insufficient.  
 
The Group is exposed to the risk that the fair value of the liquidity portfolio is affected by changes in the credit 
spread. The liquidity portfolio is affected by changes in the credit spread. The Group's treasury portfolio is 
invested conservatively in short terms government bonds or investment grade mortgage-backed securities. 
Changes in interest rates may negatively affect the value of the Issuer's assets and its ability to realise gains or 
avoid losses from the sale of those assets. Changes in interest rates may also result in unrealised losses that may 
be required to be recognised in the income statement or in equity on the balance sheet. Accordingly, changes in 
prevailing interest rates and/or widening of liquidity and credit spreads may negatively affect the Issuer's financial 
condition and results of operations.  
5. 
The Issuer's exposure to its Hedging Counterparty may negatively affect the Issuer's financial 
condition  
 
In connection with the issuance of the Securities, the Issuer expects to enter into an arrangement with UBS AG, 
pursuant to which UBS AG will, amongst others, act as Hedging Counterparty to the Issuer in respect of the 
economic risk of the Securities. As such, UBS AG will conclude transactions ("UBS Securities") that correspond

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
to the Issuer’s obligations arising from the Securities. The UBS Securities will constitute direct, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of UBS AG, which, in particular in the case of insolvency of UBS AG, rank pari 
passu with all other current and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of UBS AG, with the exception 
of those that have priority due to mandatory provisions of law.  
 
The Issuer will have an exposure on UBS AG as Hedging Counterparty. Therefore, the Issuer and UBS AG 
expect to enter into a collateral agreement which will require UBS AG to post collateral in case the contractual 
obligations of UBS AG towards the Issuer exceed a certain threshold (EUR 50 million). There will be no 
requirement to post collateral in case the contractual obligations of UBS AG towards the Issuer will be less than 
such threshold. As a result, a default by the Hedging Counterparty on its contractual obligations towards the 
Issuer arising from the UBS Securities up to an amount of the agreed upon threshold of EUR 50 million, could 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer and may negatively impact its operating result and/or financial position.  
 
In case the Hedging Counterparty defaults on its contractual obligations towards the Issuer and such contractual 
obligations exceed the threshold of EUR 50,000,000, the Issuer will have the benefit of the posted collateral but 
this posted collateral will only cover a portion of the contractual obligations. The minimum amount of collateral 
that must be posted depends on the total size of the contractual obligations. In case the total size of the contractual 
obligations is between EUR 50,000,000 and EUR 59,999,999, the minimum amount of collateral must be EUR 
10,000,000. In case the total size of the contractual obligations is between EUR 60,000,000 and EUR 69,999,999 
the minimum amount of collateral must be EUR 20,000,000. The above means, despite the Issuer having the 
benefit of the posted collateral, that a default by the Hedging Counterparty on its contractual obligations towards 
the Issuer arising from the UBS Securities exceeding the amount of the agreed upon threshold of EUR 
50,000,000, could also have an adverse effect on the Issuer and may negatively impact its operating result and/or 
financial position. 
6. 
The Issuer faces liquidity risks and a significant withdrawal of client deposits within a short period 
of time may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition 
 
The Group encounters liquidity risk mainly when facilitating clients’ trading activities. Liquidity risk is the risk 
of the Group not being able to fulfil its payment obligation as they fall due, the risk of the cost of funding rising 
to disproportionate levels or the risk that the Group does not comply with regulatory liquidity requirements. 
 
The principal source of liquidity risk for the Group is the risk of an uncollateralized trading loss related to client 
trading in which case the Group will have to provide the liquidity to cover the loss. The Group is also exposed to 
the withdrawal of client deposits. As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer held DKK 60,197 million in deposits. As 
such client deposits are directly due and payable, it may adversely affect mostly the Issuer's regulatory liquidity 
position in case a large amount of such funds is withdrawn. A significant withdrawal of deposits within a short 
period of time may be the result of a loss of client confidence, increasing competitive pressures and/or the 
encouraged or mandated repatriation of deposits. The potential risk of withdrawal is greater for that part of the 
client deposits which do not fall under a deposit guarantee system.  
7. 
The Issuer faces market risks 
The Group is a market facilitator and has no significant proprietary position taking. Market risk is the risk of a 
loss in value as a result of changes in market rates and parameters that affect market values, e.g. interest rates, 
credit spreads, foreign exchange ("FX") rates, equity prices, commodity prices and option volatilities, which 
arises from the accumulation, matching and optimisation of hedges within Trading & Market Access. Market risk 
exposures primarily arise when clients’ trading activities are not fully hedged on a back-to-back basis. The 
Group’s client-based trading flow is generally executed and hedged automatically in order to minimise the 
intermediate market risk; however, such hedging may prove insufficient to mitigate changes in market rates and 
parameters affecting market values or some limited and mostly temporary risks may arise related to optimisation 
of the Group’s hedging of these trades. The Group generally hedges positions that it may hold in financial 
instruments. The market value of any positions in non-hedged financial instruments held by the Group is sensitive 
to changes in market rates and parameters and the value of such instruments could fall more than estimated, and

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
therefore could cause the Group to record write-downs, which could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's 
financial condition and results of operations.   
Risks related to the Group's operations  
8. 
Operational risks are an inherent part of the Issuer’s businesses and failure to manage these risks 
could harm the Issuer's business, reputation and results of operations 
 
The Issuer’s business inherently generates a high operational risk. The operational risks that the Issuer faces 
include inadequate or deficient internal processes and systems of the Group and its partners (such as UBS), human 
error, errors resulting from faulty communications systems, transaction processing and settlement, employee 
misconduct or external events and fraud. 
 
The Saxo Bank Group's success is highly dependent on seamless operations and platform availability and relies 
heavily on the continuous operation of its IT infrastructure. The Group's IT systems process large amounts of 
data and transactions, many of which are carried out in real time. The speed, quality and reliability of the systems 
and infrastructure are fundamental to the Saxo Bank Group's operations. Therefore, system failures could impact 
the Group’s services to its clients or critical internal business processes. The Group's systems and operation are 
potentially vulnerable to damage, breakdown or interruptions from events, some of which are outside the Group's 
control, such as power losses, telecommunications or data network failures, improper or negligent operation by 
its service providers, or unauthorised physical or electronic access and different violations of system integrity, 
including as a result of cyberattacks. Modifications or upgrades to any IT systems, including those provided by 
third parties, could result in an interruption to the Group's business. The Group experiences from time to time 
shorter or longer time downtimes. Extensive downtime of the Group's systems and services may cause transaction 
errors (including clients being unable to trade or not having access to correct information among others).  
 
The cyber threat to the financial technology sector in general is extensive and the Saxo Bank Group's operations 
are thus exposed to cyberattacks, insider attacks and fraud. Failure or circumvention of the Group's data and cyber 
security measures could result in infringements and a loss of data, for instance as a result of denial-of-service or 
other interruptions, viruses, spyware or other unauthorised access or damage to the Group's systems or data 
(including confidential or proprietary information about the Saxo Bank Group, third parties with whom it does 
business and clients that use its products) as well as other malware in or sabotage of the Group's systems. 
Techniques used to obtain unauthorised access to, or sabotage, systems and data change frequently, are becoming 
ever more sophisticated and may not be known until launched against the Group or its third-party service 
providers. The Group may be unable to anticipate such incidents or may not have adequate preventive measures 
(including those which would enable it to recover from such incidents) in place. An incident could significantly 
disrupt the Group's operations, damage its reputation, expose it to a risk of loss, fines, sanctions or litigation and 
possibly expose it to the liability and loss suffered by clients. 
 
The Saxo Bank Group's reputation is one of its most important assets of the Group. Its relationships with its 
clients, financial institutions, counterparties and other significant market participants are of significant 
importance to its business. The Group operates in a heavily regulated industry where integrity, trust and 
confidence of clients are paramount. The Group's personnel have in the past, and may in the future, make errors 
or omissions during the course of providing the Group's services, make misrepresentations, breach applicable 
laws or regulations in the course of their duties or engage in other improper acts. The extent of the Group's 
geographical presence and the legislative environment in which the Group as a financial institution increases the 
risk of non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations in the jurisdictions where the Group operates.  
 
The Group relies on service providers to perform certain functions. These service providers also face technology 
and operational risks, and any significant failures by them could cause the Group to incur losses and harm the 
Issuer's reputation.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
9. 
Risk of loss of key personnel 
 
The Group is to a large extent dependent on the continued services and performance of its key qualified personnel 
who are the architects and implementers of the Saxo Bank Group's strategy. The Group's growth and future 
success depends on its ability to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified personnel and, in particular, trained 
and experienced technical professionals capable of providing sophisticated IT-solutions. No assurance can be 
given that the Issuer will continue to be successful in attracting, motivating and retaining, on acceptable terms, 
suitably qualified employees. The inability to attract, motivate or retain such employees may cause disruptions 
to the Group's operations and development and have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's results of operations. 
 
The increasingly complex regulatory environment places heavy demands on compliance and competence which 
requires adequate knowledge and experience in various areas of expertise. See also risk factor no. 10 "The Group 
is subject to extensive regulation". The complex regulatory environment also entails a high demand for trained 
and experienced personnel throughout the organization to ensure compliance with applicable external and internal 
rules and respond to changes in such regulations. Should the Issuer be unable to retain or attract suitable and 
sufficient personnel it could increase the risk of human errors, misconduct or fraud. See also risk factor no. 8 
"Operational risks are an inherent part of the Issuer’s businesses and failure to manage these risks could harm 
the Issuer's business, reputation and results". 
Risks related to the regulatory environment in which the Group operates  
10. 
The Group is subject to extensive regulation  
 
The Group is subject to financial services laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, regulations on 
conduct of business, anti-money laundering, economic and financial sanctions, payments, capital requirements, 
codes of conducts, administrative actions and policies in Denmark and in each other jurisdiction in which the 
Group carries on business, whether through a subsidiary or a subsidiary branch and in relation to the products it 
markets and sells. As a result of conducting consumer operations on a cross-border basis in various countries, 
consumer agencies, financial supervisory authorities and other authorities in these countries have jurisdiction 
over many aspects of the Group's business, including marketing and selling practices, remuneration models, 
advertising and general terms of business. The Group has offices in 17 countries, including in countries with 
inadequate regulations on anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and market abuse and sanctions regulations. This 
regulatory environment makes the Group susceptible to regulatory and litigation risk. The Group is involved in 
a variety of claims, disputes, legal proceedings and investigations in its ordinary course of business, which 
exposes the Group to the risk of monetary damages, direct or indirect costs, financial losses, reputational damage, 
penalties and other sanctions, loss of licenses or authorisations, criticism or penalties by supervisory authorities 
as well as the potential for regulatory restrictions on its business, all of which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. Adverse regulatory actions against the 
Group or adverse judgement in litigation to which the Group is a party could result in restrictions or limitations 
on the Group's operations and ultimately the Group's financial licenses could be revoked and business would 
have to be discontinued.  
 
Changes in supervision and regulation and impositions of new requirements, in particular in Denmark, could also 
materially affect the Group's business or the value of its assets. Although the Group works closely with its 
regulators and continually monitors the situation, future changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies can be 
unpredictable and are beyond the control of the Group and could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. Operating in a highly regulated environment also entails 
significant costs and resources to implement, adapt, monitor and otherwise manage the operations in accordance 
with applicable rules as they evolve, including but not limited to the General Data Protection Regulation, anti-
money laundering regulations and EU Directive 2014/64/EU on markets in financial instruments. See also risk 
factor no. 11 "The Issuer may be subject to increased capital requirements and other capital adequacy 
regulations."  
 
In recent years, partly as a response to the 2008 financial crises, banking and investment businesses have become

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
subject to increased regulation on an EU level and the regulatory landscape is continuously evolving. New, 
amended or repealed laws and regulations, guidelines and codes of conduct could, in addition to leading to 
increased complexity and higher demands on the Group's legal and control functions and the business in general, 
also impose restrictions on how the Group operates its business, which could have an adverse effect on the 
Group's earnings. Areas where changes or developments in regulation and/or oversight could have an adverse 
impact include, but are not limited to, (i) changes in monetary, interest rate and other policies, (ii) general changes 
in government and regulatory policies or regimes which may significantly influence client or investor decisions 
or may increase the costs of doing business in the Group's markets, (iii) changes in capital adequacy framework, 
imposition of onerous compliance obligations, restrictions on business growth or pricing and requirements to 
operate in a way that prioritises other objectives over shareholder value creation, (iv) changes in competition and 
pricing environments, (v) differentiation amongst financial institutions by governments with respect to the 
extension of guarantees to client deposits and the terms attaching to such guarantees, (vi) expropriation, 
nationalisation, confiscation of assets and changes in legislation relating to foreign ownership, (vii) further 
developments in the financial reporting environment and (viii) other unfavourable political, military or diplomatic 
developments producing legal uncertainty, which, in each case, may affect demand for the Group's products and 
services. See also risk factor no. 2 "The Group may be affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions 
and its profitability is heavily reliant on the transaction volume in the financial markets ". The Group is unable 
to predict what regulatory changes will be imposed in the future as a result of regulatory initiatives in the EU, by 
the DFSA, the European Banking Authority, ESMA, or by any other authorities and agencies.  
 
The Issuer is also subject to risks as a result of implementation of the European Banking and Capital Markets 
Union. The Group has entities both within and outside the Eurozone. Due to this, the Issuer is subject to risks as 
a result of potentially different implementation of the European Banking and Capital Markets Union within and 
outside the Eurozone. This may entail further obligations on the Issuer dependent on where the specific Group 
entity is located. In addition, the Group may be affected by change in local regulation in countries where the 
Group has subsidiaries. 
 
Moreover, regulatory changes may also impose restrictions on the Issuer's offerings, including the Securities. On 
30 June 2021, the Dutch regulator, AFM, announced that it will impose restrictions on the offering of Turbo's to 
retail investors in the Netherlands with effect from 1 October 2021. The restrictions imposed by the AFM include 
a leverage limitation, a mandatory risk warning and a prohibition on bonuses for trading Turbo's. AFM or other 
regulators may impose further restrictions on instruments offered by the Issuer, which could materially affect the 
Issuer's business.  
11. 
The Issuer may be subject to increased capital requirements and other capital adequacy regulations 
 
The Issuer is supervised by the DFSA and is subject to requirements for minimum levels of regulatory capital, 
such as a minimum capital requirement, an internal capital adequacy requirement and a combined capital buffer 
requirement comparable with those of other banks in Europe. These requirements, and the determination of 
regulatory capital, may change or increase in future. Non-compliance with capital requirements may result in 
administrative actions or sanctions against the Issuer, which may affect the Issuer's business and its ability to pay 
amounts due under the Securities. 
 
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") has introduced a number of fundamental 
reforms to the regulatory capital framework for internationally active banks, the principal elements of which are 
set out in its papers released on 16 December 2010 (together with a 13 January 2011 press release setting out 
minimum requirements for additional tier 1 and tier 2 instruments to ensure loss absorbency at the point of non-
viability, "Basel III"). Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended (the "CRR"), part of Basel III, sets higher 
capital and liquidity requirements on banks that are required, among other things, to hold more common equity 
tier 1 (CET1) capital. The heightened capital requirements, the continuing regulatory developments and higher 
demands on liquidity have resulted, and are likely to continue to result, in the Group, similar to other financial 
institutions, incurring substantial costs in monitoring and complying with these new requirements, which may 
also adversely affect the business environment in the financial sector. Furthermore, the EU has introduced a

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
recovery and resolution framework for credit institutions and investment firms, which includes a so-called "bail-
in" system (see risk factor no. 12 "The Securities may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity"), as 
well as a single supervisory mechanism, a single resolution mechanism and a full banking union in the euro area. 
For instance, it is still unclear whether Denmark, despite being outside the Eurozone, will join the European 
Banking Union and therefore be part of the single resolution mechanism. It therefore remains unclear which costs 
the Group will incur in the coming year in relation to payments to deposit guarantee funds and/or resolution funds 
on a national or EU level and any payments may have an adverse effect on the Group's financial position and 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Securities. In addition, the Group may be required to pay to other funds 
in other countries where the Group operates. These new requirements, other proposals and supervisory structures 
may also impact existing business models. 
 
Furthermore, the political process to implement these revised standards in the European Union is still ongoing 
and therefore the exact outcome and impacts is subject to uncertainty. However, the Issuer expects the EU 
implementation to potentially imply increased risk exposure amount for the Group, which may also implicate 
higher capital requirements for the Issuer. Although the Issuer is confident that it will be able to meet any new 
requirements resulting from the EU implementation of the revised Basel standards, until fully implemented, the 
Issuer cannot predict the precise effects of the changes that result from the implementation of the finalisation of 
the Basel III framework on its financial performance.  
 
Local regulators may also require higher capital buffers than those required under current or proposed future 
regulations due to, among other things, the continued general uncertainty involving the financial services industry 
and the concerns over global and local economic conditions or, in the case of institution-specific capital 
requirements, over the financial position of an institution. Any such requirements, or perception by debt and 
equity investors, analysts or other market professionals that the capital buffers should be higher, or any concern 
regarding compliance with future capital adequacy requirements, could limit the Group's access to capital 
markets, which could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
In addition, lower internal credit rating of clients, substantial market volatility, widening credit spreads, changes 
in the general capital adequacy regulatory framework or regulatory treatment of certain positions, such as changes 
in risk weights assigned to asset classes, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, decreases in collateral ratios as a 
consequence of the deterioration of the market value of underlying assets, or deterioration of the economic 
environment, among other things, could result in an increase in the Group's REA, which potentially may reduce 
its capital adequacy ratios. If the Group were to experience a reduction in its capital adequacy ratios, and could 
not raise further capital, it would have to reduce its investments in other operations. 
12. 
The Securities may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity 
 
The Securities constitute unsecured debt claims over the Issuer.  
 
The Issuer is subject to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EU) (the "BRRD"), 
which is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms  
considered to be at risk of failing. The taking of any action under the BRRD in relation to the Issuer could 
materially affect the value of, or any repayments linked to, the Securities and/or risk being converted into equity. 
 
If the Issuer is determined failing or likely to fail within the meaning of BRRD, and the DFSA applies any, or a 
combination, of the BRRD resolution tools (e.g. sale of business, asset separation, bail-in or creation of a bridge 
bank), any shortfall from the sale of the Issuer's assets may lead to a partial reduction in the amounts outstanding 
to the Securityholders or, in a worst case scenario, a reduction to zero. The DFSA may seek to amend the terms 
of the maturity date of the Securities, which could negatively affect the value of the Securities. Each of the 
aforementioned measures may occur in isolation or, they may occur as a combination. For instance, the DFSA 
may require a partial conversion of the Securities into ordinary shares of the Issuer, in addition to any write-down 
and sale of the Issuer's assets. Public financial support to resolve the Issuer where there is a risk of failure will 
only be used as a last resort, having assessed and exploited the other resolution tools to the maximum extent 
practicable whilst maintaining financial stability.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Any application of the general bail-in tool under the BRRD shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims 
in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on Securityholders will depend 
on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors such as 
depositors. Insured deposits are excluded from the scope of the general bail-in tool. As a result, if the general 
bail-in tool were exercised by the relevant resolution authority, the Securities would be more likely to be bailed-
in than certain other unsubordinated liabilities of the Issuer such as other preferred deposits. 
 
To the extent any resulting treatment of Securityholders pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in tool is less 
favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a holder has 
a right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the relevant entity (which is 
referred to as the "no creditor worse off safeguard" under the BRRD). Any such compensation is unlikely to 
compensate that holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay in the 
recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are also likely to be made considerably later 
than when amounts may otherwise have been due under the Securities.  
 
The exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could have a material adverse 
effect on the rights of Securityholders, the price or value of their investment in any Securities and/or the ability 
of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Securities.  
 
II. RISKS RELATED TO THE SECURITIES  
The Securities may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
 
Each potential investor of Securities must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Securities, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Securities and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Securities and the impact such investment will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Securities; 
 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Securities and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
 
Some Securities are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce 
risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to the investor’s overall portfolio. 
A potential investor should not invest in Securities which are complex financial instruments unless it has the 
expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Securities will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Securities and the impact this investment 
will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. Reference is also made to risk factor no. 10 
"The Group is subject to extensive regulation" concerning the recent restrictions on offering of turbo's imposed 
by the AFM with the purpose of providing better protection for retail investors against the risks of Turbo's.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Risks related to the redemption profile of the Securities  
13. 
Risks related to the dependence on the Underlying 
 
On the Redemption Date and unless, with respect to Turbo's XL Long, Turbo's XL Short, Factor (Long) 
Certificates and Factor (Short) Certificates a Knock Out Event, or with respect to Turbo's Long and Turbo's Short, 
a Stop Loss Event has occurred, Securityholders are entitled to receive a Redemption Amount in the Redemption 
Currency equal to the amount by which the Reference Price or the Settlement Price of the Underlying, or, as the 
case may be, the Basket Components, as specified in the relevant Product Terms, with respect to Turbo's XL 
Long, Turbo's Long or Factor (Long) Certificates exceeds the Current Strike or the Current Financing Level, as 
applicable, multiplied by the Leverage Factor, the Multiplier or the Conversion Ratio, or with respect to Turbo's 
XL Short, Turbo's Short or Factor (Short) Certificates, falls short of the Current Strike or the Current Financing 
Level, as applicable, multiplied by the Leverage Factor, the Multiplier or Conversion Ratio, as specified in the 
applicable Product Terms.  
 
The Redemption Amount payable in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities depends on the performance 
of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components. In particular, an unfavourable performance of 
the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components could reduce the Redemption Amount payable to 
the Securityholders. If the Reference Price or the Settlement Price of the Underlying, or, as the case may be, the 
Basket Components, as specified in the relevant Product Terms, with respect to Turbo's XL Long, Turbo's Long 
or Factor (Long) Certificates, is equal to or below the Current Strike or the Current Financing Level, as applicable, 
or with respect to Turbo's XL Short, Turbo's Short or Factor (Short) Certificates, is equal to or above the Current 
Strike or the Current Financing Level, as applicable, the Redemption Amount will be equal to zero and the 
Securities will expire worthless (if specified in the applicable Product Terms, subject to a minimum re-payment 
of 0.001 units of the Redemption Currency or such other amount as specified in the applicable Product Terms). 
In such case, the Securityholder will suffer a total loss of the invested capital.  
14. 
Risks of adverse effect of the Leverage Factor or of the Multiplier on the value of the Securities  
 
The application of the Leverage Factor or of the Multiplier, as specified to be applicable in the Final Terms, 
within the determination of the Option Right results in the Securities being in economic terms similar to a direct 
investment in the Underlying or, as the case may be, in the Basket Components, but being nonetheless not fully 
comparable with such a direct investment, in particular because the Securityholders do, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, not participate in the relevant performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket 
Components by a 1:1 ratio, but by the proportion of the Leverage Factor or of the Multiplier. 
 
The application of the Leverage Factor or of the Multiplier can compound any potential gains as well as losses 
realised in respect of the Securities (i.e., over-proportional participation). Accordingly, if there is a positive or 
negative performance of the Underlying, as relevant, or, as the case may be, Basket Component, the proportion 
by which the Securityholder would participate in such positive or negative development, as relevant depending 
on the type of Security, may not be a fixed proportion but could be increasing or decreasing on a compounding 
basis.  
 
By way of example, with respect to Turbo's Long, Turbo's XL Long and Factor (Long) Certificates, if the price 
of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component increases by 1 per cent. over the course of 2 
consecutive business days and if the Leverage Factor or the Multiplier is 2 (disregarding, for the purposes of this 
example, all variables in the factor mechanism), the increase of the value of the Securities during the first business 
day would be 2 per cent., but the increase of the value of the Securities during the second business day would be 
2 per cent. of the value of the Securities as increased on the first business day (and, therefore, more than 2 per 
cent.). Conversely, if the price of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component decreases by 1 
per cent. over the course of 2 consecutive business days and if the Leverage Factor or the Multiplier is 2 
(disregarding, for the purposes of this example, all variables in the factor mechanism), the decrease in the value 
of the Securities during the first business day would be 2 per cent., but the decrease of the value of the Securities 
during the second business day would be 2 per cent. of the value of the Securities as decreased on the first business

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
day (and, therefore, less than 2 per cent.). 
 
With respect to Turbo's Short, Turbo's XL Short and Factor (Short) Certificates, the same example as above 
would instead result in the following:  if the price of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component 
increases by 1 per cent. over the course of 2 consecutive business days and the Leverage Factor or the Multiplier 
is 2 (disregarding, for the purposes of this example, all variables in the factor mechanism), the decrease of the 
value of the Securities during the first business day would be 2 per cent., but the decrease of the value of the 
Securities during the second business day would be 2 per cent. of the value of the Securities as decreased on the 
first business day (and, therefore, less than 2 per cent.). Conversely, if the price of the Underlying or, as the case 
may be, the Basket Component decreases by 1 per cent. over the course of 2 consecutive business days and if the 
Leverage Factor or the Multiplier is 2 (disregarding, for the purposes of this example, all variables in the factor 
or multiplier mechanism), the increase in the value of the Securities during the first business day would be 2 per 
cent. but the increase of the value of the Securities during the second business day would be 2 per cent. of the 
value of the Securities as increased on the first business day (and, therefore, more than 2 per cent.). 
 
Potential investors should further be aware that a number of variables in the factor mechanism (including, without 
limitation, the Conversion Ratio, the Reference Price, the Settlement Price and Fee Adjustment Ratio), if relevant, 
used to determine the Option Right could further increase the over-proportional participation (i.e., in addition to 
the over-proportional participation as a result of the application of the Leverage Factor or the Multiplier) and 
therefore could further increase the amount of any potential gains as well as losses realised by the Securityholders 
as a result of the performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component. 
 
However, potential investors should also be aware that such compounding is not a simple geometric progression. 
In particular, any movements in the values of these variables in the factor mechanism may not correspond to the 
performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Components either in terms of the direction of such 
performance (i.e., positive or negative) or in terms of the quantum of such performance (i.e., the change in value). 
In particular, the variables in the factor mechanism could operate in a direction opposite to the Leverage Factor 
or the Multiplier and could therefore dampen the effect of any over-proportional participation. Therefore, the 
performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Components and the Leverage Factor or the 
Multiplier may not directly correlate to the performance of the variables in the factor mechanism and, therefore, 
may not directly correlate to any potential gains as well as losses realised by the Securityholders in respect of the 
Securities. The correlation between the performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Components 
and the Leverage Factor or the Multiplier on the one hand and the performance of the variables in the factor 
mechanism on the other hand shall be calculated on the basis described in the Conditions of the Securities. 
 
Potential investors should further be aware that if the price of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket 
Component moves in different directions (i.e., alternate increases and decreases) and, at the end of a period of 
time, returns to the same level as at the beginning of such period of time, the effect of the Leverage Factor or the 
Multiplier and the variables in the factor mechanism would be that the value of the Securities at the end of such 
period of time would not necessarily be the same as at the beginning of such period of time – and could be 
(significantly) lower. 
15. 
Risks related to adjustments of the Knock-Out Barrier, the Current Strike and the Conversion Ratio 
and of the Current Stop Loss Level, the Current Financing Level  
 
The Calculation Agent shall regularly adjust, with respect to Turbo's XL Long, Turbo's XL Short, Factor (Long) 
Certificates or Factor (Short) Certificates, the Knock Out Barrier, the Current Strike and/or the Current 
Conversion Ratio, as applicable, and with respect to Turbo's Long or Turbo's Short, the Current Stop Loss Level 
or the Current Financing Level, as applicable, and in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities (e.g., in 
case of a share as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as specified in the definition of 
“Underlying” contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, to reflect any dividend 
payments made by the issuer of such share) and such adjustments could have an impact on (i) the Redemption 
Amount payable under the Securities, (ii) whether a Knock Out Event occurs in respect of Turbo's XL Long, 
Turbo's XL Short, Factor (Long) Certificates or Factor (Short) Certificates or (iii) whether a Stop Loss Event

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
occurs in respect of Turbo's Long or Turbo's Short.  
 
Therefore, Securityholders bear the risk that such adjustments reduce the value of the Securities by (i) reducing 
the Redemption Amount payable under the Securities and/or (ii) increasing the likelihood of the occurrence of, 
with respect to Turbo's XL Long, Turbo's XL Short, Factor (Long) Certificates and Factor (Short) Certificates, a 
Knock Out Event, or with respect to Turbo's Long or Turbo's Short, a Stop Loss Event even if all other factors 
determining the value of the Securities remain unchanged. 
16. 
Risks in connection with the occurrence of a Knock-Out Event or Stop Loss Event while a market 
disruption event occurs or is subsisting  
 
With respect to Turbo's Long, Turbo's XL Long and Factor (Long) Certificates, if, at any time, the price of the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component could reach or fall below the Current Strike and a 
Knock Out Event could occur or reach of fall below the Current Financing Level and a Stop Loss Event could 
occur, but, at such time, a market disruption event occurs or is subsisting, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the price of the affected Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Component in its reasonable discretion. In 
such circumstances, the Calculation Agent could determine that the price of the affected Underlying or, as the 
case may be, Basket Component is equal to or below the Current Strike or Current Financing Level, as applicable. 
If such price is determined to be equal to or below the Current Strike or Current Financing Level, a Knock Out 
Event or a Stop Loss Event will occur and the Securities will expire worthless or, as the case may be, and as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, almost worthless.  
 
Conversely, with respect to Turbo's Short, Turbo's XL Short and Factor (Short) Certificates, the price of the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component could reach or rise above the Current Strike and a 
Knock Out Event could occur or the Current Financing Level and a Stop Loss Event could occur, but, at such 
time, a market disruption event occurs or is subsisting, the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of the 
affected Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Component in its reasonable discretion. In such circumstances, 
the Calculation Agent could determine that the price of the affected Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket 
Component is equal to or higher than the Current Strike or Current Financing Level, as applicable. If such price 
is determined to be equal to or higher than the Current Strike or Current Financing Level, a Knock Out Event or 
a Stop Loss Event will occur and the Securities will expire worthless or, as the case may be, and as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, almost worthless.  
 
In these particular circumstances, therefore, the Securityholder bears the risk that there will be a total or almost 
total loss of the capital invested. 
17. 
Risks related to a Reset Event in relation to Factor (Long) Certificates and Factor (Short) 
Certificates 
 
In respect of Factor (Long) Certificates and Factor (Short) Certificates, in case of the occurrence of a Reset Event 
in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities, the Strike and the Conversion Ratio applicable to Factor 
(Long) Certificates and Factor (Short) Certificates would also be adjusted as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities. However, such adjustment does not eliminate the risk of a 
total loss of the capital invested. The Securityholder, therefore, bears the risk of total loss of the capital invested. 
 
For the purposes of an adjustment of the Conversion Ratio following the occurrence of a Reset Event, the 
Calculation Agent should take into account a Reset Event Price instead of the last available closing price of the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component. However, such Reset Event Price is to be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion and may be equal to or lower than the Strike. Following the 
occurrence of a Reset Event, if the Calculation Agent determines the Reset Event Price to be equal to or lower 
than the Strike, the corresponding Conversion Ratio could also be zero and, accordingly, if the Securities were 
redeemed at such time, the Redemption Amount could also be zero or, as the case may be, and as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, close to zero and the Securities will expire worthless or almost worthless. In these particular 
circumstances, therefore, the Securityholder bears the risk that there will be a total or almost total loss of the

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
capital invested. 
18. 
Risks related to (failure to) exercise by Securityholders 
 
The Securityholder's right vested in the Securities must be exercised by the respective Securityholder on one or 
more Exercise Date(s), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, in accordance with the exercise 
procedure described in the Conditions of the Securities, if the Option Right is to be asserted. The Securityholder 
bears the risk that it does not effectively exercise the Securities (including, in particular, that the required Exercise 
Notice is not duly received on the relevant Exercise Date), in which case the Securities cannot be exercised until 
the next Exercise Date stated in the Conditions of the Securities.  
 
In such case and prior to the next Exercise Date stated in the Conditions of the Securities, the realisation of the 
economic value of the Securities (or parts thereof) is only possible by way of selling the Securities.  
 
In addition, any Securityholder must in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities tender a specified 
minimum number of the Securities, in order to exercise the Option Right vested in the Securities, the so-called 
Minimum Exercise Size. Securityholders with fewer than the specified Minimum Exercise Size of Securities will, 
therefore, either have to sell their Securities or purchase additional Securities (incurring transaction costs in each 
case). 
Risks related to other Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
19. 
Risks in connection with converting values into the Redemption Currency   
 
In the case that in the definition of "Securities" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final 
Terms the product feature "Currency Conversion" or the product feature "Quanto" is specified to be applicable, 
a Securityholder's right vested in the Securities as well as the value of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the 
Basket Components are determined on the basis of a currency other than the Redemption Currency. 
 
In case the product feature "Currency Conversion" applies to the Securities, any value of the Underlying or, as 
the case may be, the Basket Components determined on the basis of a currency other than the Redemption 
Currency needs to be converted into the Redemption Currency by using a currency exchange rate prevailing at 
the time of such conversion. However, currency exchange rates are at times subject to considerable fluctuations 
and can change significantly over time. Any unfavourable developments in the value of the currency in which 
the value of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components against the Redemption Currency 
may therefore reduce the value of the Securities and may even result in total loss of invested capital even in case 
of a favourable performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component.  
 
Conversely, in case the product feature "Quanto" applies to the Securities, any value of the Underlying or, as the 
case may be, the Basket Components determined on the basis of a currency other than the Redemption Currency 
needs to be converted into the Redemption Currency by using a currency exchange rate fixed at the time of 
issuance of the Securities (so-called "quanto"-feature). There may be favourable developments in the value of the 
currency in which the value of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components against the 
Redemption Currency. Therefore, the "quanto"-feature of the Securities may preclude the investors from 
participating in such favourable developments (i.e., because the fixed currency exchange rate used for the 
purposes of valuing the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component in the Redemption Currency 
is less favourable than the currency exchange rate prevailing in the market at such time) and, therefore, reduce 
the value of the Securities. 
20. 
No further participation in the performance Underlying, or as the case may be, Basket Components, 
following the termination and early redemption of the Securities 
 
The Securities may in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities be terminated and redeemed early in a 
number of circumstances. In particular, the Securities may be terminated automatically following the occurrence

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
of a Knock Out Event or a, a Stop Loss Event, if applicable, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Further, the 
Issuer may exercise the Securities in full on certain dates, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Additionally, 
in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities, the Issuer is entitled to terminate and redeem the Securities 
in full prior to the Redemption Date under certain circumstances.  
 
In case of a termination and early redemption of the Securities prior to the Redemption Date, the Securityholder 
is in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities entitled to demand the payment of an amount in the 
Redemption Currency in relation to this termination and early redemption. However, such amount can be 
considerably below the amount which would be payable at the scheduled end of the term of the Securities. If the 
amount payable to the Securityholder following the termination and early redemption of the Securities is lower 
than the invested capital, Securityholders may even suffer a total loss of the invested capital.  
 
In certain circumstances as specified in the Conditions of the Securities, such amount payable to the 
Securityholders in case of a termination and early redemption of the Securities would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion and considering the then prevailing Price of the Underlying or, as 
the case may be, the Basket Components and the expenses of the Issuer caused by the termination, as the fair 
market price of a Security at the occurrence of the termination. When determining a fair market price of a 
Security, the Calculation Agent is entitled to consider all factors, including any adjustments of option contracts 
on the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components, without being bound to any third party 
measures or assessments, in particular any measures or assessments of any futures or options exchange. Due to 
the fact that the Calculation Agent may take into consideration the market factors it considers to be relevant at its 
reasonable discretion without being bound to third party measures or assessments, there is the risk that the amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion as the fair market price of the Security at the 
occurrence of the termination – and, hence, the amount payable to the Securityholders - may differ from the 
market price of comparable Securities relating to the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components, 
as determined by a third party. 
 
Finally, the Securityholder is not entitled to request any further payments on the Securities after the relevant 
termination and early redemption date of the Securities. The Securityholder, therefore, bears the risk of not 
participating in the performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components, to the expected 
extent and during the expected period. 
21. 
A reinvestment following the termination and early redemption of the Securities may have a 
significant lower yield than the return expected by the Securityholder 
 
In case of the termination and early redemption of the Securities, the Securityholder bears the risk of a 
reinvestment. The reinvestment risk is the risk that the cash amount received by the Securityholder following 
such termination and early redemption (if any) can only be reinvested by such Securityholder for a term 
comparable with the scheduled term of the Securities only at market conditions which are less favourable (such 
as a lower return or an increased risk) than those prevailing at the time of the acquisition of the Securities.  
 
As a result, the yield achieved by this re-investment, i.e. new investment, over the respective term may be 
significantly lower than the return expected by the Securityholder with the purchase of the Securities. Moreover 
and depending on market conditions prevailing at the time of the new investment, the likelihood of a loss of such 
amounts re-invested may have increased significantly. 
22. 
The Issuer may make adjustments and replacement pursuant to the Conditions which may result in 
the return on the Securities being lower than anticipated  
 
Certain events may occur or certain measures may be taken (by parties other than the Issuer) in relation to the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components, which potentially lead to changes to the Underlying 
or, as the case may be, the Basket Components or result in the underlying concept of the Underlying or, as the 
case may be, the Basket Components being changed, so-called Potential Adjustment Events and Replacement 
Events. In the case of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event, the Issuer shall be entitled to adjust the

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
Conditions of the Securities to account for these events or measures and shall, in the case of the occurrence of a 
Replacement Event, even be entitled to replace the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component, of 
the Securities. These adjustments might have a negative impact on the value of the Securities. 
 
Further, there is the risk that any other variable whose price, amount or level is used to determine any amount 
payable under these Conditions or the value of the Securities (e.g., the Rate relevant for the calculation of the 
financing spread, if any, applicable to the Securities, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) is no longer 
displayed or is discontinued permanently without an official legal successor or, as the case may be, the 
administrator of such variable fails to obtain or maintain any necessary approvals or registrations. In such 
circumstances, the Issuer shall be entitled to replace such variable. Such adjustment might also have a negative 
impact on the value of the Securities. 
 
In case of any such replacement, Securityholders bear the risk that the return on or, as the case may be, increase 
in value of the successor underlying may be significantly lower than the return on or, as the case may be, increase 
in value of the original Underlying. Conversely, Securityholders bear the risk that the increase in value of the 
successor variable may be significantly higher than the increase in value of the original variable. In each such 
case, the return realised over the respective term of the Securities may be significantly lower than the return 
expected by the Securityholders with the purchase of the Securities. It is also possible that the successor 
underlying even decreases in value. This could reduce the value of the Securities and of any amounts payable 
under the Securities to the Securityholders. 
23. 
The substitution of the Issuer may reduce the value of the Securities and the amounts payable to the 
Securityholders 
 
Under the Conditions of the Securities, the Issuer is entitled to substitute another company within the Saxo Bank 
Group as issuer (the "Substitute Issuer") with respect to all obligations under or in connection with the Securities. 
Such Substitute Issuer will assume all obligations of the Issuer under or in connection with the Securities, 
including the obligation to pay any Redemption Amount, Termination Amount or, as the case may be, 
Securityholder Termination Amount. The Securityholder would therefore be exposed to the credit risk of the 
Substitute Issuer. As a consequence, a substitution of the Issuer by the Substitute Issuer may reduce the value of 
the Securities and the amounts payable to the Securityholders under the Conditions of the Securities, depending 
on the financial situation and position of the Substitute Issuer. 
24. 
Risks related to the determination by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
  
Any exercise of discretion by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions of 
the Securities need not take into account the interests of the Securityholders and, therefore, may be 
detrimental to the value of the Securities. Securityholders generally cannot challenge such exercise of 
discretion save in the case of manifest error. This could diminish the economic returns of an investment in 
the Securities and, in extreme circumstances, even result in a partial loss of the invested capital.  
 
The Calculation Agent has certain discretion under the Conditions of the Securities. This includes, in particular, 
the ability of the Calculation Agent:  
 
• 
to determine whether certain events have occurred (in particular, the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment 
Event or a Market Disruption in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities);  
• 
to determine any resulting adjustments and calculations;  
• 
also to make adjustments to the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components;  
• 
to postpone valuations or payments under the Securities.  
 
The Calculation Agent will make any such determination in its reasonable discretion. However, where the 
Calculation Agent is required to make a determination it may do so without taking into account the interests of 
the Securityholders. Any determination made by the Calculation Agent may have an impact on the value and 
financial return of the Securities. Any such discretion exercised by, or any determination made by, the Calculation

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the 
Securityholders and may, as a consequence, have an adverse impact on the value of the Securities and the amounts 
payable to the Securityholders under the Conditions of the Securities. The same may apply in instances where 
the Issuer exercises any discretion it has under the Conditions. In addition, the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
may also have a potential conflict of interest in relation to a certain Underlying or Basket Component in respect 
of which Underlying or Basket Component it has a discretion under the Conditions. 
Risks in connection with investing in, holding and selling Securities 
25. 
Due to their "leverage" effect the Securities involve disproportionate loss exposure  
 
Due to the so-called “leverage” effect of the Securities, potential investors bear the risk that any change in 
the value of the Underlying or the Basket Components may result in a disproportionate change in the value 
of the Securities. The Securities, consequently, also involve disproportionate loss exposure. 
 
One of the key features of the Securities is its so-called “leverage” effect: Any change in the value of the 
Underlying or the Basket Components may result in a disproportionate change in the value of the Securities. The 
Securities, consequently, also involve disproportionate loss exposure, if the price of the Underlying or, as the 
case may be, the Basket Components, develops unfavourably. 
 
The higher the leverage effect of a Security, the higher the loss exposure involved. Typically, the shorter the 
(remaining) maturity of the Security, the higher the leverage effect. 
26. 
Risks related to the market prices of the Securities 
 
Potential investors bear the risk that the market price of the Securities may fluctuate during the term of the 
Securities. Accordingly, Securityholders bear the risk that if they sell any Securities prior to their maturity, the 
sale proceeds may fall below (including significantly below) the purchase price of the Securities (including the 
transaction costs) initially invested in the Securities and investors would then lose some or all of the invested 
capital.  
 
The following factors may have an effect on the market price for the Securities:  
 
• 
the remaining term of the Securities;  
• 
any fluctuations in the value or volatility of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more 
Basket Components;  
• 
any changes in the creditworthiness of, or credit rating for, the Issuer; or  
• 
any changes in the market interest rate.  
 
Several individual market factors may also arise at the same time and no assurance can be given with regard to 
the effect that any combination of market factors may have on the value of the Securities.  
 
The value of the Securities may fall even in the event that the price of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any 
one or more Basket Components remains constant or rises slightly. Conversely, the value of the Securities may 
remain constant or rises slightly even if the price of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket 
Components increases. 
 
Further, the Market Maker may determine the buying and selling prices for the Securities ("Market Making") 
on a regular basis under normal market conditions. The Market Maker does not, however, provide any guarantee 
that the prices specified by it are appropriate. Nor does the Market Maker guarantee that prices for the Securities 
will be available at all times during their term. 
 
The Market Maker is also entitled to change the method it uses for determining prices at any time and at its own 
discretion. This means, for instance, that the Market Maker can change its calculation models and/or increase or

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
reduce the spread between the bid and the offer price. 
 
It is also the case that the availability of the relevant electronic trading platforms may become limited, or that 
such platforms may become completely unavailable, in the event of a Market Disruption or technical difficulties. 
The Market Maker tends not to determine any bid or offer prices in the event of exceptional market conditions or 
extreme price fluctuations. Securityholders therefore bear the risk that in certain circumstances they will not be 
provided with a price for the Securities. This means that Securityholders would not always be in a position to sell 
their Securities on the market at an appropriate price. If potential investors sell their Securities at an undervalue, 
they may suffer a partial loss of the invested capital. 
 
The opening times for a market for the Securities are often different to the opening times for the market for the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components. This means that the Market Maker may 
be required to estimate the price for the Underlying or, as the case may be, such one or more Basket Components 
in order to be able to determine the price for the Securities. These estimates may turn out to be inaccurate. They 
may also have adverse effects for the Securityholders. 
 
In connection with Market Making, some costs will be deducted over the term of the Securities when the market 
maker determines the price of the Securities. However, such deductions would not always be evenly distributed 
over the term of the Securities. Costs may be deducted in full from the fair value of the Securities at an early date 
to be stipulated by the market maker. The prices determined by the Market Maker can therefore vary considerably 
from the fair value of the Securities or their expected value based on economic considerations. 
27. 
The Issuer and its affiliates may have interests that conflict with those of the Securityholders, which 
may result in a decrease in the value and/or trading of the Securities 
 
The Issuer and its affiliates may have commercial interests that conflict with those of the Securityholders and that 
may impact the value and/or trading of the Securities. Such conflicts of interest may arise in connection with the 
Issuer's involvement in other transactions, the Issuer's existing business relationship with the issuer of the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components or with the Issuer acting in any other 
capacity. The contents of this risk factor may apply equally in respect of UBS in its role as Calculation Agent, 
Market Maker or Hedging Counterparty. 
 
Other transactions entered into by the Issuer 
 
The Issuer operates on the domestic and international securities, FX, credit derivatives and commodity markets 
on a daily basis. It may therefore enter into transactions directly or indirectly related to the Securities for its own 
account or for the account of clients. Moreover, the Issuer may also enter into transactions relating to the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components. These may have an adverse effect on 
the performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components. Therefore, they 
can also have an adverse effect on the value and/or trading of the Securities. In this context, the Issuer may pursue 
commercial interests that conflict with those of the Securityholders. 
 
The value of the Securities may also be impaired by the termination of some or all of these transactions. 
 
The Issuer can buy and sell Securities for its own account or for the account of third parties. It can also issue 
further Securities. Such transactions in the Securities may reduce the value of the Securities. Further, the launch 
of other rival products by the Issuer can impair the value of the Securities. 
 
The Issuer's business relationships 
 
The Issuer and its affiliates may have business relationships with the issuers of the Underlying or, as the case 
may be, any one or more Basket Components. Such business relationships can involve advisory or trading 
activities. In this context, the Issuer may take steps that it considers necessary to safeguard its interests in respect 
of these business relationships. In doing so, the Issuer is not obliged to consider the impact of such steps on the

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Securities and on Securityholders. 
 
The Issuer may perform, enter into and participate in transactions influencing the value of the Underlying or, as 
the case may be, any one or more Basket Components. Such business relationships to issuers of the Underlying 
or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components may have an adverse effect on the value of the 
Securities. This may lead to a conflict of interests for the Issuer. 
 
The receipt of information relating to the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components 
 
Information regarding the Underlying or the Basket Components, as the case may be, may not be publicly 
available for Securityholders or only available to a certain extent. The relevant Underlying or, as the case may 
be, the Basket Components will not be held by the Issuer for the benefit of the Securityholders, and 
Securityholders will not obtain any ownership or direct information rights with respect to any Underlying or, as 
the case may be, Basket Component to which the Securities are related. Therefore, investors may have no or only 
limited access to detailed information regarding the relevant Underlying or the Basket Components, as the case 
may be, in particular on its current price or value, on its past and future performance and on its volatility. 
 
In contrast, the Issuer and its affiliates may have access to information which is not publicly available and may 
thereby generate an information advantage. Neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates undertakes to make this 
information available to Securityholders. In addition, any publicly available information may be published with 
delay and may not have been published or published in full at the time the investors seek the information or at 
the time the amounts payable or the Underlying to be delivered on exercise, redemption or periodically under the 
Securities will be determined by reference to the price or value of the Underlying or the Basket Components, as 
the case may be. 
 
Securityholders may therefore make incorrect decisions relating to the Securities as a result of missing, 
incomplete or incorrect information with respect to the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket 
Components. In the worst case scenario, this can lead to the loss of the Securityholders' entire investment in the 
Securities. 
 
The acquisition, holding or sale of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components 
by the Issuer 
 
It is possible that the Issuer or any of its affiliates hold shares comprising the Underlying or, as the case may be, 
any one or more Basket Components from time to time which may result in conflicts of interest. The Issuer and 
any of its affiliates may also decide not to hold any shares comprising the Underlying or, as the case may be, any 
one or more Basket Components, or not to conclude any derivative contracts linked to such shares. Neither the 
Issuer nor any of its affiliates are limited in selling, pledging or otherwise assigning rights, claims and holdings 
regarding any shares comprising the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components 
from time to time or any derivative contracts relating to such shares. This could lead to a worse performance of 
the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components overall and, therefore, to lower 
returns realised by Securityholders. 
 
Pricing of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components 
 
The Issuer and its affiliates can also act as market maker in respect of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any 
one or more Basket Components. Such market making may have a decisive impact on the price of the Underlying 
or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components and, therefore, to lower returns realised by 
Securityholders.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
28. 
Hedging transactions undertaken by the Issuer could negatively impact any Redemption Amount, 
Termination Amount or Securities Redemption Amount and Securityholders could suffer a partial 
loss of the invested capital  
 
In connection with the issuance of the Securities, the Issuer expects to enter into an arrangement with UBS 
AG, pursuant to which UBS AG will, amongst others, act as Hedging Counterparty to the Issuer in respect 
of the economic risk of the Securities. If such hedging transactions are unwound, this could have an impact 
on the price of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components and, therefore, 
on any Redemption Amount, Termination Amount or, as the case may be, Securityholder Termination 
Amount in respect of the Securities. In such cases, Securityholders could even suffer a partial loss of the 
invested capital. 
 
The Issuer may use all or some of the proceeds received from the sale of the Securities to enter into hedging 
transactions relating to the risks incurred in issuing the Securities. If the Securities are terminated and redeemed 
early, such hedging transactions would be generally closed out or terminated. The number of hedging transactions 
to be closed out or terminated depends on the number of Securities to be redeemed. If a large number of hedging 
transactions are closed out or terminated, this could have an impact on the price of the Underlying or, as the case 
may be, any one or more Basket Components and, therefore, on any Redemption Amount, Termination Amount 
or, as the case may be, Securityholder Termination Amount in respect of the Securities. In such cases, 
Securityholders could even suffer a partial loss of the invested capital. 
 
For example, the Underlying in respect of the Securities may comprise a certain share. The Issuer may hedge its 
future payment obligations in respect of the Securities by purchasing such share (i.e., a hedging transaction). 
Prior to the Redemption Date in respect of the Securities, the Issuer may sell such share on the Relevant Exchange 
(i.e., a termination of the hedging transaction). This sale would take place on the relevant Valuation Date or any 
other pre-defined date specified for these purposes in the relevant Final Terms. If a large number of shares are 
sold, because a large number of Securities are due to be terminated and redeemed on the relevant Valuation Date 
or any other pre-defined date specified for these purposes in the relevant Final Terms, such sale could put 
downward pressure on the price of the relevant share on the Relevant Exchange. However, since the Redemption 
Amount, Termination Amount or, as the case may be, Securityholder Termination Amount in respect of the 
Securities depends on the price of such share on the relevant Valuation Date or any other pre-defined date 
specified for these purposes in the relevant Final Terms, the termination of the hedging transaction may have an 
adverse effect on the Redemption Amount, Termination Amount or, as the case may be, Securityholder 
Termination Amount in respect of the Securities. 
29. 
Securityholders may experience delays in the receipt of the Securities or payments under the 
Securities due to the safekeeping arrangement of the Securities 
 
The Issuer holds with UBS Switzerland AG as the Settlement Bank (i) a Client Securities Account in the name 
of the Issuer, which Client Securities Account will hold the Securities in book-entry form for the account of the 
Securityholders, and (ii) a Client Cash Account in the name of the Issuer for settlement of cash flows relating to 
the Securities in the Client Securities Account. 
 
The Settlement Bank will settle all trades in the Securities by way of corresponding book-entries in the Client 
Securities Account, and the Settlement Bank will make corresponding and simultaneous cash debits or credits in 
the Client Cash Account. 
 
Upon a settlement of a trade in the Securities by way of a book-entry in the Client Securities Account by the 
Settlement Bank, the Issuer will make a corresponding and simultaneous book-entry in the securities account of 
the relevant Securityholder with the Issuer. 
 
Upon a cash debit or credit in the Client Cash Account by the Settlement Bank, the Issuer will make a 
corresponding and simultaneous cash debit or credit in the cash account of the relevant Securityholder with the 
Issuer.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
Consequently, the Issuer will only be in a position to make a book-entry in the securities account of the 
Securityholder or to make a cash credit in the cash account of the relevant Securityholder, after the Settlement 
Bank has made a book-entry in the Client Securities Account or a cash credit in the Client Securities Account 
respectively. A delay by the Settlement Bank in making the relevant book-entry or cash credit will therefore result 
in a delay by the Issuer in making the corresponding book-entry or cash credit in the securities account or cash 
account of the Securityholder, meaning that investors will experience a delay in the receipt of the Securities or 
payments under the Securities. 
30. 
Changes in law, regulations or administrative practice or the interpretation thereof may affect the 
Securities 
 
The Conditions are based on Danish law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Securities. No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Danish law, or other applicable laws, 
regulations or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Securities. Such changes in law may 
include, but are not limited to, the introduction of a variety of statutory resolution and loss-absorption tools which 
may affect the rights of holders of securities issued by the Issuer, including the Securities. Such tools may include 
the ability to write off sums otherwise payable on such securities at a time when the Issuer is no longer considered 
viable by its regulator or upon the occurrence of another trigger. See also risk factor no. 10 "The Group is subject 
to extensive regulation".  
 
Furthermore, the financial services industry continues to be the focus of significant regulatory change and 
scrutiny which may adversely affect the Group's business, financial performance, capital and risk management 
strategies. Such regulatory changes, and the resulting actions taken to address such regulatory changes, may have 
an adverse impact on the Group's, and therefore the Issuer's, performance and financial condition. 
 
III. RISKS RELATED TO THE UNDERLYING OF THE SECURITIES  
 
The Securities issued under this Base Prospectus may be linked to a share, a non-equity security, a precious metal, 
a commodity, an index, a fund unit, a futures contract, a currency exchange rate, an interest rate or a reference 
rate. The Securities may relate to one or more of these Underlyings or a combination of them. 
 
Some or all of the amounts payable on exercise, redemption or periodically under the Securities will be 
determined by reference to the price or value of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, of the Basket Components. Accordingly, 
investing in the Securities also involves certain specific material risks that are related to the Underlying and 
investors should review carefully the entire Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms in order to understand 
the effect on the Securities of such linkage to the Underlying. 
 
Risks related to all Underlyings 
31. 
The value of the Underlying or the Basket Components may fluctuate and the future performance 
of the Underlying is uncertain. Consequently, the amount received by the Securityholders upon 
disposal of the Securities may be very low or even equal to zero  
 
By investing in Securities linked to an Underlying, Securityholders are subject to the risks related to such 
Underlying. The performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component is subject to 
fluctuations. The Securityholders therefore cannot foresee what consideration they can expect to receive for the 
Securities on a certain day in the future. When the Securities are redeemed, exercised or otherwise disposed of 
on a certain day, substantial losses in value might occur in comparison to a disposal at a later or earlier point in 
time and in comparison to the purchase price of the Securities (including the transaction costs) which 
Securityholders initially invest in the Securities. The more volatile the Underlying or, as the case may be, the 
Basket Components are, the less predictable the amount to be received by the Securityholders following 
redemption or disposal of Securities would be. In case of an unfavourable development of the Price of the

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components, the amount received by the Securityholders in 
connection with such disposal may be very low or even be equal to zero.  
 
The price of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components and, therefore, of the 
price of the Securities during the term of the Securities may vary over time and may increase or decrease by 
reference to a variety of factors, e.g. corporate actions, macro-economic factors and speculation. An investment 
in Securities linked to an Underlying may be subject to similar risks as a direct investment in the Underlying or, 
as the case may be, the Basket Components. 
 
It is not possible to reliably predict the future performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket 
Components. Likewise, the historical data of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components does 
not allow for any conclusions to be drawn about the future performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, 
the Basket Components and the Securities. The Underlying or Basket Components may have only a short 
operating history or may have been in existence only for a short period of time and may deliver results over the 
longer term that may be lower than originally expected. 
 
The performance of a share (or a certificate representing a share) or non-equity security used as the Underlying 
or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, depends on the performance of the company issuing the share or 
non-equity security. The performance of a share or non-equity security may be subject to factors like financial 
prospects, market position and risk situation of the company issuing the share or non-equity security. The share 
issuer's dividend or distribution policy, any capitalisation measures or corporate actions and shareholder structure 
may also affect the share price. The performance of a share or non-equity security may also be subject to factors 
outside the Issuer's control, such as the risk of the relevant company becoming insolvent, insolvency proceedings 
being opened over the company's assets or similar proceedings under the laws applicable to the company being 
commenced or similar events taking place with regard to the company. In addition, the performance of a share or 
non-equity security depends particularly on the development of the capital markets, which in turn is dependent 
on the global situation, market sentiment and the specific economic and political environment. Shares in 
companies with low or average market capitalisation may be subject to even higher risks (e.g. with regard to 
volatility or insolvency) than shares in larger companies. Furthermore, shares in companies with a low market 
capitalisation may be extremely illiquid due to smaller trading volumes. Shares in companies having their seat or 
exerting their relevant operations in countries with a high legal uncertainty are subject to additional risks, such 
as the risk of governmental measures being taken or nationalisation taking place. This may result in the partial or 
total loss of the share's value. 
 
Commodities (e.g. oil, gas, wheat, corn) and precious metals (e.g. gold, silver) are traded mainly on specialised 
exchanges or directly among market participants (over the counter). An investment in commodities and precious 
metals is associated with a greater risk than investments in e.g. bonds, currencies or stocks as prices in this asset 
category are subject to greater fluctuations (volatility) as trading in commodities and precious metals serves 
speculative reasons and may be less liquid than e.g. stock markets. The following factors (which is a non-
exhaustive list) may influence commodity and precious metal prices: supply and demand, speculations in the 
financial markets, production bottlenecks, delivery difficulties, few market participants, production in emerging 
markets (political disturbances, economic crises), political risks (war, terrorist actions), unfavourable weather 
conditions, natural disasters. 
 
The value of an index will be calculated on the basis of the value of its components. Changes to the prices of the 
index components, the composition of the index as well as other factors may affect the value of the index. 
Fluctuations in the value of an index component may be set-off or enhanced by fluctuations in the value of other 
index components. The historic performance of the index does not constitute a guarantee of its future 
performance. An index used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, might not be available 
during the full term of the Securities, might be exchanged or continued to be calculated by the Issuer itself. In 
such or other cases as mentioned in the Conditions of the Securities, the Issuer is in accordance with the 
Conditions entitled to terminate the Securities.  
 
Given that reduced market prices or losses in value incurred by the securities or other investments held by any

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
non-exchange traded fund will be reflected in the price of individual fund units used as the Underlying or, as the 
case may be, a Basket Component, there is a principal risk of a decrease in the unit prices. Even a broad variation 
and diversification of the fund's investments cannot avoid the risk that a decreasing overall development at certain 
markets or stock exchanges results in a decrease of share prices. 
 
Interest rates and reference rates used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component are 
determined by offer and demand on the international money and capital markets, which in turn are influenced by 
economic factors, speculation and interventions by central banks and governments as well as other political 
factors. The interest rate level on the money and capital markets is often highly volatile. Legal restrictions on the 
free exchangeability may adversely affect the value of currency exchange rates. 
32. 
The Underlying is subject to currency risks, which may reduce the value of the Securities 
 
The assets or investments reflected in an Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Component may be traded or 
calculated in a currency other than the Underlying itself. This is the case in particular with cross-border indices 
and funds where the fund units are used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Component. A company 
whose shares are used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component might also have a significant 
portion of its assets denominated in currencies other than the currency in which the share value is calculated. 
 
For the purpose of determining the price of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component (e.g. 
the relevant share value), the currency of the relevant assets is converted into the currency of the Underlying or, 
as the case may be, the Basket Component. This is usually done on the basis of a currency exchange rate. Currency 
exchange rates are at times subject to considerable fluctuations and can change significantly over time. 
Consequently, the price of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component may rise or fall even if 
the value of the relevant assets contained in the Underlying remains stable. 
 
Any unfavourable developments in the value of the currency in which the assets or investments reflected in an 
Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Component are traded or calculated against the currency of the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component may reduce the value of the Securities and may even 
result in partial loss of invested capital even in case of a favourable performance of the Underlying or, as the case 
may be, the Basket Component. 
 
In case of investments of the company, the shares of which are used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, 
Basket Component, being denominated in currencies other than the currency in which the share value is 
calculated, certain addition correlation risks may apply. These correlation risks depend on the degree of 
dependency of currency fluctuations of the relevant foreign currency to the currency in which the share value is 
calculated. Hedging transactions, if any, of the company may not exclude these risks. 
 
Index components may be listed in a different currency and therefore be exposed to different currency influences 
(this applies particularly for country or sector related indices). Also, it is possible that index components are 
converted first from one currency to the currency which is relevant for the calculation of the index only to then 
have to be converted again in order to calculate or specify an amount payable under the Securities. In such cases, 
Securityholders bear several currency risks, which may not be clearly recognisable for Securityholders. 
 
In case of the investments of the non-exchange traded fund or ETF whose fund units are used as the Underlying 
or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, being denominated in different currencies, or in case of the 
investments and the relevant fund units being denominated in a currency other than the currency in which the net 
asset value of the fund is calculated, certain addition correlation risks may apply. These correlation risks depend 
on the degree of dependency of currency fluctuations of the relevant foreign currency to the currency in which 
the net asset value is calculated. Hedging transactions, if any, of the fund or ETF may not exclude these risks. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the ETF-Benchmark may not be denominated in the fund's base currency. If 
the ETF-Benchmark is converted into the ETF currency for determining fees and costs, currency exchange rate 
fluctuations may have a negative impact on the value of the Fund Units in the ETF.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
33. 
The Underlyings are subject to risks associated with the regulation and reform of benchmarks 
 
Indices, reference rates, interests rates used as Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component generally 
constitute benchmarks and as such may be subject to supervisory law regulations and reform proposals; the same 
applies to certain other Underlyings or, as the case may be, Basket Components used for the purposes of the 
Securities, e.g. currency exchange rates or certain baskets (such Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket 
Component is also referred to as "Benchmark"). 
 
Innovations such as the ones introduced by IOSCO’s Principles for Financial Benchmarks (the "IOSCO 
Principles") and the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in certain financial instruments 
and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended (the "Benchmark 
Regulation") may result in the different performance of the relevant Benchmarks. It may exclude Benchmarks 
from being used as Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Component for example, because the indices may 
incur higher costs if regulatory requirements for the administrator are tightened or because certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of Benchmarks provided by administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if located 
outside the EU, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed) is prohibited by the Benchmark Regulation. 
 
Benchmarks such as indices, reference rates or interest rates used as Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket 
Component may also be affected by regulatory guidance and reform or changes in policy at national, as well as 
at international level. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. For example, on 27 July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority 
announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the London 
Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") benchmark after 2021, and in a subsequent announcement on 5 March 2021, 
that the majority of the LIBOR rates will no longer be representative as of 31 December 2021 and therefore may 
not be available on a general basis. This may, in particular, lead to a substitution of LIBOR as Underlying or, as 
the case may be, Basket Component in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities. Further national or 
international regulatory reforms may have other effects which are not foreseeable at present. Furthermore, in 
March 2017, the European Money Markets Institute (the "EMMI") (formerly EURIBOR-EBF) published a 
position paper referring to certain proposed reforms to EURIBOR, which reforms aim to clarify the EURIBOR 
specification, to develop a transaction-based methodology for EURIBOR and to align the relevant methodology 
with the Benchmark Regulation, the IOSCO Principles for Financial Benchmarks and other regulatory 
recommendations. EMMI has since strengthened its governance framework and has developed a hybrid 
methodology for EURIBOR. On 28 November 2019, EMMI confirmed it has completed the transitioning of the 
panel banks from the quote-based EURIBOR methodology to the hybrid methodology. 
 
More generally, any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to LIBOR, EURIBOR, or any other 
Benchmark as a result of international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, 
or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes, may have the 
effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain 
Benchmarks. The disappearance of a Benchmark or changes in the manner of administration of a Benchmark 
could result in adjustments to the Conditions of the Securities, early redemption or termination, subject to 
discretionary valuation by the Calculation Agent, delisting or other consequences in relation to Securities linked 
to such Benchmark. In addition, fallback provisions specified in the Conditions of the Securities may apply or 
the Issuer may adjust the Conditions of the Securities in the event a Benchmark materially changes or ceases to 
be provided in order to comply with the provisions of the Benchmark Regulation. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on the value, volatility of and return on any Securities based on or linked to a 
Benchmark.  
 
When a substitute (such substitute rate or index a "Substitute Reference") is determined by the Calculation 
Agent (the Calculation Agent in such capacity shall be referred to as the "Substitute Determination Agent") in 
accordance with the fall back provisions applicable to such Securities, the Substitute Determination Agent may 
be considered an ‘administrator’ under the Benchmark Regulation. This is the case if it is considered to be in

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
control over the provision of the Substitute Reference and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the 
Substitute Reference and any adjustments made thereto by the Substitute Determination Agent and/or otherwise 
in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a fall back scenario. This would mean that the 
Substitute Determination Agent (i) administers the arrangements for determining such rate, (ii) collects, analyses, 
or processes input data for the purposes of determining such rate and (iii) determines such rate through the 
application of a method of calculation or by an assessment of input data for that purpose. The Substitute 
Determination Agent determines at its reasonable discretion, after having made appropriate adjustments, which 
Substitute Reference shall be applicable in the future (the "Successor Underlying" or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the "Successor Basket 
Component") and to replace the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the affected Basket Component by the Successor 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be 
applicable, the Successor Basket Component. The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor 
Basket Component and the date it is applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in 
accordance with § 14 of the Conditions. A Termination Event occurs if the Substitute Determination Agent is not 
able to determine a Substitute Reference. The Issuer shall in the case of the occurrence of a Termination Event, 
be entitled to terminate and redeem all but not some of the Securities by giving notice to the Securityholders in 
accordance with § 14 of the Conditions. Such termination shall become effective at the time of the notice in 
accordance with § 14 of the Conditions or at the time indicated in the notice. Furthermore, for the Substitute 
Determination Agent to be considered an ‘administrator’ under the Benchmark Regulation, the Substitute Rate 
and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Substitute Rate and any adjustments made thereto by the 
Substitute Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a 
fall back scenario should be a benchmark (index) within the meaning of the Benchmark Regulation. This may be 
the case if the Substitute Rate and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Substitute Rate and any 
adjustments made thereto by the Substitute Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable 
rate of interest in the context of a fall back scenario, is published or made available to the public and regularly 
determined by the application of a method of calculation or by an assessment, and on the basis of certain values 
or surveys. The Benchmark Regulation stipulates that each administrator of a benchmark regulated thereunder or 
the benchmark itself must be registered, authorised, recognised or endorsed, as applicable, in accordance with 
the Benchmark Regulation. There is a risk that administrators (which may include the Substitute Determination 
Agent in the circumstances as described above) of certain benchmarks will fail to obtain such registration, 
authorisation, recognition or endorsement, preventing them from continuing to provide such benchmarks, or may 
otherwise choose to discontinue or no longer provide such benchmark. 
34. 
The Underlyings may be concentrated to certain countries, regions and industry sections and an 
adverse development in the Underlying may affect the value of the Securities  
 
It is possible that the index used as Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, only reflects the 
performance of assets in certain countries or certain industry sectors. In that case, the Securityholders are facing 
concentration risks. In case of unfavourable economic developments in a country or with regard to one industry 
sector such development may have negative impacts for the Securityholder. If several countries or sectors are 
represented in one index, it is possible that these are weighted in an uneven manner. This means that an 
unfavourable development in a country or one industry sector with high weighting in the index will affect the 
value of the index in a disproportionately negative manner. Such negative development could lead to a partial or 
total loss of the invested capital. 
 
Similarly, the non-exchange traded fund or ETF whose fund units are used as the Underlying or, as the case may 
be, a Basket Component, may in accordance with its fund rules concentrate its assets with a focus on certain 
countries, regions or industry sectors. This can result in the fund or ETF being subject to a higher volatility 
compared to funds with a broader diversification as regards countries, regions or industry sectors. The value of 
investments in certain sectors, countries or regions may be subject to strong volatility within short periods of 
time. This also applies to funds or ETFs focusing their investments on certain asset classes such as commodities. 
Funds or ETFs investing their assets in less regulated, small and "exotic" markets, are subject to certain further 
risks. Such risks may include the risk of government interventions resulting in a total or partial loss of (i) assets

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
or (ii) the ability to acquire or sell them at the fund's discretion. Such markets may not be regulated in a manner 
typically expected from more developed markets. If a fund or ETF concentrates its assets in emerging markets, 
this may involve a higher degree of risk as exchanges and markets in these emerging markets or certain Asian 
countries such as Indonesia may be subject to stronger volatility than exchanges and markets in more developed 
countries. Political changes, foreign currency exchange restrictions, foreign exchange controls, taxes, restrictions 
on foreign investments and repatriation of invested capital can have a negative impact on the investment result 
and therefore the value of the fund units used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component. 
35. 
Developments and conditions in emerging markets, which Underlyings are subject to, may have a 
material adverse effect on the Underlyings and accordingly the Securities  
 
An Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component may be subject to the jurisdiction of an emerging 
market. Investing in Securities with such an Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Component involves 
additional legal, political (e.g. rapid political upheavals) or economical (e.g. economic crises) risks. 
 
Countries that fall into this category are usually considered to be "emerging" because of their developments and 
reforms and their economy being in the process of changing from those of a moderately developed country to an 
industrial country. In emerging markets, expropriation, taxation equivalent to confiscation, political or social 
instability or diplomatic incidents may have a negative impact on an investment in the Securities. The amount of 
publicly available information with respect to the Underlying or any components thereof may be less than that 
normally made available to Securityholders. Transparency requirements, accounting, auditing and financial 
reporting standards as well as regulatory standards are in many ways less stringent than standards in industrial 
countries. 
 
Although they generally record rising volumes, some emerging financial markets have much lower trading 
volumes than developed markets and the securities of many companies are less liquid and their prices are subject 
to stronger fluctuations than those of similar companies in developed markets. Currencies of an emerging market 
jurisdiction may also be more volatile. 
36. 
The linkage to a basket as the Underlying implies certain risks such as increase in the value of one 
Basket Component being offset by the decrease in another Basket Component  
 
In case of a basket used as the Underlying, as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section 
"Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, the level of the Redemption Amount depends on the performance 
of the Basket comprising the Basket Components as a whole instead of the performance of a single Underlying. 
The risks described below are particular to the use of a basket as the Underlying and do not apply where the 
Underling is not a basket but a single asset. A particular asset may be used as a single Underlying or as a Basket 
Component but these risks are only relevant if this particular asset is used as a Basket Component. 
 
Fluctuations in the value of one Basket Component may be offset or intensified by fluctuations in the value of 
other Basket Components comprised in the Basket. Even in the case of a positive performance of one or more 
Basket Components comprised in the Basket, the performance of the Basket as a whole may be negative if the 
performance of the other Basket Components is negative to a greater extent. There can be a significant adverse 
effect on the calculation or specification of the redemption amount if the performance of one or more Basket 
Components comprised in the Basket on which the calculation or specification of the redemption amount is based, 
has deteriorated significantly. 
 
Furthermore, also the degree of the Basket Components’ dependency from each other, so-called correlation, is of 
importance when calculating the level of the Redemption Amount. If all of the Basket Components derive from 
the same economy sector or, as the case may be, the same country, the development of the Basket Components 
therefore depends on the development of a single economy sector or a single country. That implies that in the 
case of an unfavourable development of a single economy sector or a single country, which is represented by the 
Basket comprising the Basket Components, the Basket may be affected over proportionally by this unfavourable 
development.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
In the case of an Underlying consisting of different shares (except those of the Issuer or of any of its affiliates), 
indices, currency exchange rates, precious metals, commodities, interest rates, non-equity securities, fund units, 
futures contracts or reference rates (each a "Basket"), the Issuer may have the right, in certain circumstances as 
specified in the Final Terms, to subsequently adjust the Basket (i.e. remove a component of the Basket without 
replacing it or replace the component of the Basket in whole or in part by another basket component and/or if 
necessary by adjusting the weighting of the Basket). The Securityholder may not assume that the composition of 
a Basket will remain constant during the life of the Securities. 
 
Depending on the features of the relevant Securities, there can be a significant adverse effect on the calculation 
or specification of the redemption amount or interest amounts if the performance of one or more Basket 
Components, on which the calculation or specification of the redemption amount or interest amounts is based, 
has deteriorated significantly. 
37. 
Currency exchange rates and precious metals or commodities may be traded day and night and 
Securityholders mat suffer loss of some or all invested capital outside normal trading hours of the 
Securities 
 
In cases of currency exchange rates and precious metals or commodities used as the Underlying or, as the case 
may be, a Basket Component, it should be noted that the values are traded 24 hours a day through the time zones 
of Australia, Asia, Europe and America. Potential investors of the Securities should, therefore, be aware that a 
relevant limit or, as the case may be, threshold, if applicable, described in the Conditions of the Securities, may 
be reached, exceeded or fallen short at any time and even outside of local or the business hours of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or the Manager. This means that potential investors could suffer a related loss of some or all 
of the invested capital outside of the trading hours of the Securities. 
38. 
If ETFs or non-exchange traded funds become subject to regulations and supervision, which may 
affect the value of the Securities  
 
ETFs or non-exchange traded funds may not be regulated or may invest in investment vehicles that are not subject 
to supervision. If unregulated funds become subject to supervision, this may negatively impact the value of any 
fund Units used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component for instance the scope of eligible 
investments may be limited and/or the liquidity of the fund units may decrease which, in each case, may 
negatively impact the value of the Securities. 
 
Risks related to a specific type of Underlying: Shares 
39. 
Securityholders do not have shareholder rights  
 
The Securities constitute no interest in a share as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, 
including, without limitation, any voting rights or rights to receive dividends, interest or other distributions, as 
applicable, or any other rights with respect to the share. The Issuer and any of its affiliates may choose not to 
hold the shares or any derivatives contracts linked to the shares used as Underlying or, as the case may be, a 
Basket Component. Neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates is restricted from selling, pledging or otherwise 
conveying all right, title and interest in any shares or any derivatives contracts linked to the shares by virtue solely 
of it having issued the Securities. Further, in connection with all payments in respect of the Securities, the 
Securityholders are exposed solely to the credit risk of the Issuer and have no recourse to any underlying assets. 
 
Risks related to a specific type of Underlying: precious metals or commodities 
40. 
Cartels and regulatory changes may impact prices 
 
A number of companies or countries producing commodities and precious metals have formed organisations or 
cartels to control the offer and thus influence prices. On the other hand, the commodities and precious metals

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
trade is subject to regulatory supervision or market rules the application of which may also have negative impacts 
on the pricing of the commodities and precious metals concerned. 
41. 
There may be limited liquidity in many commodities and precious metals  
 
Many commodities and precious metals markets are not particularly liquid and may therefore not be able to react 
swiftly and in a sufficient manner to changes to the offer or demand side. In case of a low liquidity, speculative 
investments of individual market participants may result in distorted prices. 
42. 
Precious metals are often extracted in emerging markets which are subject to political and economic 
instability  
 
Precious metals are often extracted in emerging markets and acquired by developed markets. The political and 
economic situation of emerging markets, however, is less stable than in the developed markets. They are more 
likely to face risks of political change or cyclical downturns. Political crises may unsettle the confidence of 
Securityholders which, in turn, may affect the prices of the goods. Acts of war or conflicts may change the offer 
and demand sides of specific precious metals. It is also possible that industrialised nations lay an embargo on the 
import or export of precious metals and services which may directly or indirectly affect the price of a precious 
metal used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component. 
 
Risks related to a specific type of Underlying: index 
43. 
The exercise of directions by the index sponsor with respect to the index may have negative 
consequences for the Securityholders  
 
The index composition of the respective index as well as the method of calculating the index is determined by 
the index sponsor alone or in cooperation with other entities. The Issuer has no influence on the composition or 
method of calculating the index. An amendment of the index composition may have an adverse impact on its 
performance. If, after an amendment by the index sponsor, the index is no longer comparable to the original 
index, the Issuer has the right to adjust or terminate the Securities, if so specified in the Final Terms. Such an 
adjustment or termination may lead to total or partial loss of the invested capital. 
 
In accordance with the relevant index rules, the index sponsor may be entitled to make changes to the composition 
or calculation of the index, to permanently discontinue the calculation and publication of the index, which may 
have a negative effect on the performance of the Securities, or to permanently discontinue the calculation and 
publication of the index used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, without issuing a 
successor index. 
 
Furthermore, the Issuer is in case that the calculation and/or publication of any index used as the Underlying or 
as the case may be, a Basket Component is permanently discontinued, pursuant to the Conditions of the Securities, 
entitled to terminate and redeem the Securities in total prior to the scheduled maturity of the Securities. This 
could result in a partial or total loss of the invested capital. 
44. 
The basis of calculating the price of the Underlying may change during the term of the Securities 
and this may negatively affect the market value of the Securities 
 
The basis of calculating the price of the index used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, 
or of the index components may vary during the term of the Securities. Changes to the prices of the index 
components, the composition of the index as well as other factors which may affect the value of the index 
components, will also affect the value of the Securities which are linked to the relevant index and may thus affect 
the return on any investment in such Securities and may negatively affect the market value of the Securities.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
45. 
Delayed updates on index composition may negatively affect calculations of amounts payable under 
the Securities 
 
Some index sponsors publish the composition of the relevant indices not completely or only after a time lag on a 
website or in other media specified in the Final Terms. In this case the composition shown might not always be 
the current composition of the respective index used for calculating amounts payable under the Securities. The 
delay may be substantial, may under certain circumstances last several months and the calculation of amounts 
payable under the Securities may be negatively affected and the correction may not be made to the amount made 
under the Securities even to the extent the index sponsors make a correction. 
 
Risks related to a specific type of Underlying: non-exchange traded fund 
46. 
The fund may invest in illiquid assets 
 
The fund whose fund units comprise the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component may invest in 
assets that are illiquid or subject to a minimum holding period. It may therefore be difficult for the fund to sell 
these assets at a reasonable price or at all if it is forced to do so in order to generate liquidity. The fund may suffer 
considerable losses if it needs to sell illiquid assets in order to redeem units and selling the illiquid assets is only 
possible at a very low price. This may negatively affect the value of the fund units used as the Underlying or, as 
the case may be, a Basket Component and thus of the Securities and could even lead to partial or total loss of the 
invested capital. 
 
Investments in illiquid assets may also result in difficulties when calculating the net asset value of the fund and 
thus delay distributions in connection with the Securities. 
47. 
Delayed publication of the net asset value may have a disadvantageous effect on the value of the 
Securities 
 
It may be possible in certain situations that the publication of the net asset value by a fund whose fund units are 
used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component is delayed. This may result in a delay of the 
redemption of the Securities and have a disadvantageous effect on the value of the Securities, for instance, in case 
of a negative market development, potentially even leading to partial or total loss of the invested capital. 
48. 
Liquidation of a fund may lead to modification of conditions or premature termination of the 
Securities 
 
There is the risk that a fund whose fund units are used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket 
Component is liquidated during the term of the Securities. In such case, the Issuer shall be entitled to modify the 
relevant Conditions of the Securities accordingly. Such modifications may, in particular, consist of one fund 
being replaced by another fund. In addition, there is also the possibility of a premature termination of the 
Securities by the Issuer. 
49. 
Risks related to markets with limited legal certainty 
 
The fund whose fund units are used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, may invest 
in markets with a low legal certainty and will then be subject to additional risks, such as the risk of unpredictable 
governmental measures, e.g. freezing of assets or authorities may impose restrictions on the fund's investments, 
which may entail a loss in the fund's value. 
50. 
The fund may be managed in a way that can have a negative effect on the value of the Underlying 
and accordingly the Securities  
 
There is a risk that the fund manager or the investment advisor of the fund whose fund units are used as the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, will make wrong decisions in connection with

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
investments by the fund that may have a negative effect on the value of the fund units, including decisions to the 
detriment of the fund, or may make decisions in violation of regulations or agreed investment strategies. In 
practice, the fund's performance strongly depends on the expertise of the investment manager responsible for 
making the investment decisions. If such investment manager leaves the fund or is replaced, this may result in 
losses and/or a liquidation of the fund concerned and consequently a lower value of any Securities linked to a 
fund as Underlying. See also risk factor no. 31 "The value of the Underlying or the Basket Components may 
fluctuate and the future performance of the Underlying is uncertain. Consequently, the amount received by the 
Securityholders upon disposal of the Securities may be very low or even equal to zero". The investment strategy, 
the investment restrictions and investment objectives of a fund may allow for considerable room for an investment 
manager's discretionary decision when investing the relevant assets and no warranty can be given that the 
investment manager's investment decisions will result in profits or that these constitute an effective hedging 
against market or other risks. It is therefore possible that, despite funds with a similar investment strategy 
experiencing a positive performance, the performance of the fund underlying the Securities (and thus the 
Securities) undergo a negative development. 
 
There is furthermore the risk that the fund manager or the investment advisor violates the law or agreed 
investment strategies. Moreover, the fund manager or the investment advisor can act illegally, for example, by 
embezzling assets of the investment fund or violating provisions on market abuse. This can have a substantial, 
adverse impact on the value of the fund whose fund units are used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a 
Basket Component. In the operation of the fund, certain conflicts of interest may also arise that can have negative 
impact on the fund's performance. For example, persons involved in the fund management or advisory activities 
in relation to the fund may also act at the same time for companies, which they recommend for investment by the 
fund. Any of these risks related to the fund management may have a material adverse effect on the value of the 
fund whose fund units are used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component and, consequently, 
also on the value of the Securities. 
51. 
Fee charged by the funds may have a negative impact on the value of the funds 
 
Fees charged by the fund whose fund units are used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, 
may have a significant negative impact on the value of such fund units and the net asset value of the fund. Fees 
charged in relation to a fund can be incurred on different levels. Usually, management fees are incurred at fund 
level. In addition, expenses and cost may be incurred when the services of third parties are commissioned in 
connection with the fund administration. With respect to investments made by the fund, such as investments in 
other funds or other collective investment vehicles, further charges might be incurred. This may have a negative 
impact on these investments and, consequently, in the fund's performance. 
 
Performance fees may be agreed upon on the level of the fund. Such fee arrangements can create an inducement 
to invest assets in a more risk oriented or speculative manner than would be the case if no performance fee 
arrangement existed. Performance fees may even be incurred where the overall fund performance is negative. 
Consequently, performance fees can be incurred on the level of the fund even if an investment in the Securities 
results in a loss to the investor. This could exacerbate partial losses of the invested capital and, in extreme 
circumstances, even result in total loss of the invested capital. 
 
Risks related to a specific type of Underlying: exchange traded fund 
52. 
ETFs may be delisted during the "life" of the Securities and Fund Units may be illiquid  
 
An exchange traded fund ("ETF") is a fund whose fund units ("Fund Units") are listed on a securities exchange. 
There is the risk that such admission or listing will not be maintained during the whole life of the Securities. In 
addition, a listing does not imply that the Fund Units are liquid at any time and, hence, may be sold via the 
securities exchange at any time, since trading in the securities exchange may be suspended in accordance with 
the relevant trading rules. If an ETF is delisted or Fund Units become illiquid, this could have an adverse effect 
on the value of the Securities and could lead to partial or total loss of the invested capital.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
53. 
Risks related to the pricing of Fund Units 
 
The price of any Fund Units used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, mainly depends 
on the price per unit of the ETF and, consequently, on the aggregate value of assets held by the ETF less any 
liabilities, being the so-called net asset value. Any negative performance or losses of the securities or other 
investments made by the ETF for the purposes of replicating the performance of a benchmark (cf. below 
"Replication of the performance of a benchmark may have a negative impact on the performance of any Fund 
Units used as the Underlying and accordingly the performance of the Securities ") will result in a loss of the ETF 
and a decline in the value of the Fund Units used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component. 
Even a broad spread of its investments and a strong diversification of the ETF's investments cannot exclude the 
risk that any negative development on certain markets or exchanges will lead to a decline in the price per unit of 
the ETF. 
 
As ETFs generally calculate their net asset value on a daily basis only, the price of the ETF as continuously 
published by the securities exchange is usually based on the estimated net asset values. These estimates may 
differ from the final net asset value as subsequently published by the Fund. Therefore, the general risk during 
trading hours exists that the performance of the ETF and of its actual net asset value may deviate. 
54. 
Replication of the performance of a benchmark and tracking errors may have a negative impact on 
the performance of any Fund Units used as the Underlying and accordingly the performance of the 
Securities 
 
ETFs are designed to replicate as closely as possible the performance of an index, basket or specific single assets 
(each an "ETF-Benchmark"). However, the ETF conditions can allow an ETF-Benchmark to be substituted. 
Therefore, an ETF might not always replicate the original ETF-Benchmark. 
 
For the purpose of tracking an ETF-Benchmark, ETFs can use full replication and invest directly in all 
components comprised in the ETF-Benchmark, or other tracking techniques such as sampling. The value of the 
ETFs is therefore in particular based on the performance of the holdings used to replicate the ETF-Benchmark. 
It cannot be excluded that the performance of the ETF differs from the performance of the ETF-Benchmark 
(tracking error). 
 
Unlike other collective investment schemes, ETFs are usually not actively managed by the management company 
of the ETF. In fact, investment decisions are determined by the relevant ETF-Benchmark and its components. In 
case that the underlying ETF-Benchmark shows a negative performance, ETFs are subject to an unlimited 
performance risk in particular when they are using full replication techniques. This can have a negative impact 
on the performance of any Fund Units used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component and, 
therefore the performance of the Securities. 
 
Tracking an ETF-Benchmark typically entails further risks: 
 
• 
An ETF using a full replication technique for tracking the performance of the ETF-Benchmark may not 
be able to acquire all components of that ETF-Benchmark or sell them at reasonable prices. This can 
affect the ETF's ability to replicate the ETF-Benchmark and may have a negative effect on the ETF's 
overall performance. 
 
• 
ETFs replicating the ETF-Benchmark using sampling techniques (i.e. not using full replication and 
without using swaps) may create portfolios of assets which are not ETF-Benchmark components at all or 
do only comprise some components of the ETF-Benchmark. Therefore, the risk profile of such ETF is 
not necessarily consistent with the risk profile of the ETF-Benchmark. 
 
• 
If ETFs use derivatives to replicate or to hedge its positions, this may result in losses which are 
significantly higher than any losses of the ETF-Benchmark (leverage effect).

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Therefore, an ETF constituent may not perfectly track the relevant Benchmark. Accordingly, even if the value of 
the relevant ETF-Benchmark increases, it is possible that the value of the corresponding Fund Unit used as the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component decreases. This could lead to an overall decrease in the 
value of the Securities and to partial or total loss of the invested capital. 
55. 
Conflicts of interest of persons involved in the fund management or advisory activities could have a 
negative effect on the ETF's performance 
 
In the operation of the ETF certain conflicts of interest may arise that can have negative impact on the ETF's 
performance. For persons involved in the fund management or advisory activities in relation to the ETF, conflicts 
of interest can arise from retrocessions or other inducements. In addition, persons involved in the fund 
management or advisory activities to the ETF or their employees may provide services such as management, 
trading or advisory services for third parties at the same time. Although they will usually aim to distribute the 
investment opportunities equally to their customers, the fund portfolio and portfolios of other customers may 
differ even if their investment objectives are similar. Any of these persons might be induced to allocate assets 
first to a portfolio involving the highest fees. Persons providing management, trading or advisory services to the 
ETF may make recommendations or enter into transactions which are different to those of the ETF or may even 
compete with the ETF. Such conflict of interest could have a negative impact on the value of the Fund Units used 
as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component as the investment return on the Fund Units may 
turn out to be lower than expected. This could lead to an overall decrease in the value of the Securities and to 
partial or total loss of the invested capital. 
56. 
Fee charged by the ETF may have a negative impact on the value of the Fund Units and the net asset 
value of the ETF 
 
Fees charged by the ETF may have a significant negative impact on the value of any Fund Units used as the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component and the net asset value of the ETF. Fees charged in 
relation to an ETF can be incurred on different levels. Usually fees, e.g. management fees, are incurred at fund 
level. In addition, expenses and cost may be incurred when the services of third parties are commissioned in 
connection with the fund administration. With respect to investments made by the ETF, such as investments in 
other funds or other collective investment vehicles, further charges might be incurred. This may have a negative 
impact on these investments and, consequently, on the value of the corresponding Fund Units used as the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component. This could lead to an overall decrease in the value of 
the Securities and to partial or total loss of the invested capital. 
 
Performance fees may be agreed upon on the level of the ETF. Such fee arrangements can create an inducement 
to invest assets in a more risk oriented or speculative manner than would be the case if no performance fee 
arrangement existed. Performance fees may even be incurred where the ETF underperforms the Benchmark. Even 
if the ETF outperforms its ETF-Benchmark, performance fees might be triggered even though the overall fund 
performance is negative (for example where the ETF-Benchmark's performance is negative). Consequently, 
performance fees can be incurred on the level of the ETF even if an investment in the Securities results in a partial 
or total loss of the invested capital. Such fees could therefore increase the loss suffered by an investor in the 
Securities. 
57. 
ETFs and Fund Units may be less liquid  
 
ETFs and Fund Units may be less liquid than the individual components of the relevant ETF-Benchmark. 
Consequently, in case of an early termination of the ETF, any Fund Units used as the Underlying or, as the case 
may be, a Basket Component at such time may be more difficult to realise than if the Securities were linked 
directly to such individual components. In certain circumstances, it may only be possible to realise such Fund 
Units used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component at a loss. This could lead to an overall 
decrease in the value of the Securities and to partial or total loss of the invested capital. 
 
Risks related to a specific type of Underlying: futures contract

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
58. 
Spot price of a futures contract used as Underlying may be wrongly regarded by an investor as 
indicative of the value of the Securities 
 
Futures contracts used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component are standardised transactions 
relating to financial instruments (e.g. shares, indices, interest rates, currencies) (so-called financial futures) or to 
commodities and precious metals (e.g. oil, wheat, sugar, gold, silver) (so-called commodities futures). 
 
A futures contract represents a contractual obligation to buy or sell a fixed amount of the underlying commodities, 
precious metals or financial instruments on a fixed date at an agreed price. Futures contracts are traded on futures 
exchanges and are standardised with respect to contract amount, type, and quality of the underlying, as well as to 
delivery locations and dates (where applicable). Futures contracts, however, are normally traded at a discount or 
premium to the spot prices of their underlying. 
 
Futures prices can differ substantially from the spot price of the underlying financial instrument (e.g. shares, 
indices, interest rates, currencies) or underlying commodity and precious metal (e.g. oil, wheat, sugar, gold, 
silver). Moreover, futures price of a certain underlying (e.g. financial instrument, commodity or precious metal) 
and, accordingly, the value of the Securities does not always move in the same direction or at the same rate as 
the spot price of such underlying. Therefore, the value of the Securities can fall substantially even if the spot price 
of the relevant underlying of the futures contract remains stable or rises. In such case, investors could suffer 
partial or total loss of the invested capital. 
59. 
A Roll Over may lead to a worsening in the performance of the Securities and, consequently, lower 
returns realised by the Securityholders   
 
For the purpose of trading on an exchange, futures contracts are standardised with respect to their term (e.g. 3, 6, 
9 months). Futures contracts used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component may have an 
expiration date different from the term of the Securities. In such a case, the Issuer will replace any expired futures 
contracts used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component by futures contracts which - except 
for their expiration date, which will occur on a later date - has the same contract specifications as the initial futures 
contracts used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component (the Roll Over). Please refer to 
"General Conditions - § 6 (j) Adjustments in connection with a Futures contract". Such a Roll Over can be 
repeated several times. 
 
The prices of the longer-term and the shorter-term futures contracts used as the Underlying or, as the case may 
be, a Basket Component can differ even if all other contract specifications are the same. If the prices of longer-
term futures contracts are higher than the price of the shorter-term futures contracts to be exchanged in a Roll 
Over (so-called contango), the number of futures contracts held is reduced with such Roll Over. Conversely, if 
the prices of short-term futures contracts are higher (so-called backwardation), the number of futures contracts 
held is increased with such Roll Over (without taking into account roll-over expenses). In addition, expenses for 
the Roll Over itself are incurred. This could result in a worsening of the performance of the Securities overall 
and, therefore, in lower returns realised by Securityholders. 
60. 
Future contracts may be replaced or terminated  
 
If it is impossible to replace an expiring futures contract used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket 
Component with a futures contract with identical features (except for the term to maturity), the Final Terms may 
provide for replacement with another, potentially less advantageous, futures contract used as the Underlying or, 
as the case may be, a Basket Component or termination of the Securities by the Issuer. Therefore, the 
Securityholder cannot rely on participating in the performance of the original futures contract used as the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component throughout the entire term of the Securities. Moreover, 
any replacement or termination of the original futures contracts used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a 
Basket Component may reduce the value of the Securities and of any amounts payable under the Securities to the 
Securityholders.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION  
 
Documents incorporated by reference 
 
The: 
 
(i) consolidated annual financial statements of the Group set out in the Annual Reports of the Group for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 (respectively, the "Annual Report 
2020" and the "Annual Report 2019", and together, the "Annual Reports");  
 
(ii) unconsolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer set out in the Annual Reports,  
 
(iii) interim consolidated financial statements of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2021 (the 
"Interim Report First Half 2021"), and 
 
(iv) interim unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the six months ended 30 June 2021 set out 
in the Interim Report First Half 2021, shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this 
Base Prospectus. 
 
The financial statements in the Annual Reports have been audited, whereas the financial statements in the Interim 
Report Half Year 2021 are unaudited and unreviewed. See "General Information" for details about the Issuer's 
independent auditors. 
 
The sources of the financial statements (including the auditors’ reports thereon and notes thereto) in the Annual 
Reports and the Interim Report Half Year 2021 incorporated by reference herein are as follows: 
 
Information 
Source 
Income Statement for the Group for the six 
months ended 30 June 2021 
Interim Report First Half 2021 pg. 11
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the 
Group for the six months ended 30 June 2021 
Interim Report First Half 2021 pg. 12
Statement of Financial Position for the Group 
for the six months ended 30 June 2021 
Interim Report First Half 2021 pg. 13
Statement of Changes in Equity for the Group 
for the six months ended 30 June 2021 
Interim Report First Half 2021 pg. 14
Statement of Total Capital for the Group for 
the six months ended 30 June 2021 
Interim Report First Half 2021 pg. 15
Cash Flow Statement for the Group for the six 
months ended 30 June 2021 
Interim Report First Half 2021 pg. 16
Notes to the Financial Statements for the 
Group for the six months ended 30 June 2021 
Interim Report First Half 2021 pg. 17 
- 27 
Statement by Management for the Group for 
the six months ended 30 June 2021 
Interim Report First Half 2021 pg. 39

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
Income Statement for the Issuer for the six 
months ended 30 June 2021 
Interim Report First Half 2021 pg. 30
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the 
Issuer for the six months ended 30 June 2021 
Interim Report First Half 2021 pg. 31
Statement of Financial Position for the Issuer 
for the six months ended 30 June 2021 
Interim Report First Half 2021 pg. 32
Statement of Changes in Equity for the Issuer 
for the six months ended 30 June 2021 
Interim Report First Half 2021 pg. 33
Statement of Total Capital for the Issuer for the 
six months ended 30 June 2021 
Interim Report First Half 2021 pg. 34
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Issuer 
for the six months ended 30 June 2021 
Interim Report First Half 2021 pg. 35 
- 38 
 
Income Statement for the Group for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 40 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the 
Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 40 
Statement of Financial Position for the Group 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 41 
Statement of Changes in Equity for the Group 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 42 
Statement of Total Capital for the Group for 
the year ended 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 43 
Cash Flow Statement for the Group for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 43 
Notes to the Financial Statements for the 
Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 44 - 98 
Statement by Management for the Group for 
the year ended 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 122 
Auditors' Reports for the Group for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 123 - 124

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
Income Statement for the Issuer for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 102 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the 
Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 102 
Statement of Financial Position for the Issuer 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 103 
Statement of Changes in Equity for the Issuer 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 104 
Statement of Total Capital for the Issuer for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 105 
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Issuer 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 106 - 120 
 
Income Statement for the Group for the year 
ended 31 December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pg. 38 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the 
Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pg. 39 
Statement of Financial Position for the Group 
for the year ended 31 December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pg. 40 
Statement of Changes in Equity for the Group 
for the year ended 31 December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pg. 41 
Statement of Total Capital for the Group for 
the year ended 31 December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pg. 42 
Cash Flow Statement for the Group for the year 
ended 31 December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pg. 43 
Notes to the Financial Statements for the 
Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pg. 44 - 106 
Statement by Management for the Group for 
the year ended 31 December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pg. 131 
Auditors' Reports for the Group for the year 
ended 31 December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pg. 132 - 136 
 
Income Statement for the Issuer for the year 
ended 31 December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pg. 109

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the 
Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pg. 110 
Statement of Financial Position for the Issuer 
for the year ended 31 December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pg. 111 
Statement of Changes in Equity for the Issuer 
for the year ended 31 December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pg. 112 
Statement of Total Capital for the Issuer for the 
year ended 31 December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pg. 113 
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Issuer 
for the year ended 31 December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pg. 114 - 128 
 
The Interim Report First Half 2021 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://www.home.saxo/-/media/documents/interim-reports/saxo-bank-interim-report-h1-
2021.pdf?revision={C5879C29-BD52-4F38-A6E7-4D85A84C24B6} 
 
The Annual Report 2020 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at https://www.home.saxo/-
/media/documents/annual-reports/saxo-bank-annual-report-2020.pdf?revision={7BBB1FEC-E468-4CFC-
99BA-A654C85B6C6B}.  
 
The Annual Report 2019 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at https://www.home.saxo/-
/media/documents/annual-reports/saxo-bank-annual-report-2019.pdf?revision={2897CCF5-A43B-4AE6-
BEE3-CB99BFB86BD4} 
 
The information on the Issuer's website, or any other website, has not been scrutinised or approved by the DFSA 
and does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is explicitly incorporated by reference 
into the Base Prospectus. 
 
Forward-looking statements 
 
This Base Prospectus includes "forward-looking statements" which include all statements other than statements 
of historical facts. This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking statements, see "Risk Factors" and 
"Information about the Saxo Bank Group", which are based on the Issuer's beliefs and projections and on 
information currently available to the Issuer. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of 
forward-looking terminology such as "targets", "believes", "expects", "aims", "intends", "will", "may", 
"anticipates", "would", "could", "should", "estimates", "plans", "assumes" or similar expressions or the negative 
thereof. 
 
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors 
beyond the Issuer's control that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Issuer to be 
materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-
looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer's 
present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will operate in the future. These 
forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained 
herein to reflect any change in the Issuer's' expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions 
or circumstances on which any such statements are based, except to the extent required by applicable law.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
Role of UBS AG and UBS Switzerland AG 
 
In connection with the issuance of the Securities, the Issuer expects to enter into an arrangement with UBS AG, 
pursuant to which UBS AG acting through its London branch will act as Calculation Agent, Market Maker and 
Hedging Counterparty to the Issuer in respect of the economic risk of the Securities, and may provide certain 
other services to the Issuer.  
 
Furthermore, UBS Switzerland AG will act as Paying Agent, Settlement Bank and Safekeeping Bank. The 
address of UBS Switzerland AG is Bahnhofstrasse 45, 8001 Zurich, Switzerland. 
 
As Market Maker, UBS AG intends, under normal market conditions, to provide bid and offer prices for the 
Securities on a regular basis on behalf of the Issuer. Although the Market Maker will provide such bid and offer 
prices for the Securities on behalf of the Issuer, such prices will be determined by the Market Maker in its sole 
discretion, independent from the Issuer.  
 
Notwithstanding the contractual arrangements between the Issuer and UBS AG, the Securities are obligations of 
the Issuer only and are not in any way guaranteed or insured by UBS AG or any of its affiliates and holders of 
the Securities will have no rights or recourse against UBS or any of its affiliates. In the event that UBS defaults 
under or terminates the hedge agreement with respect to the Securities, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) elect 
to call the Securities.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
The following is the text of the Conditions of the Securities which, as completed and/or amended and/or replaced 
by the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on each Security issued under the Programme.  
 
1. 
Structure and language of the terms and conditions of the Securities  
 
1.1 
Securities will be issued (i) on the General Conditions of the Securities as set out under "General 
Conditions" in this Base Prospectus, and (ii) as completed by the Security specific Product Terms for the 
relevant series of Securities as set out under "Product Terms" in this Base Prospectus. 
 
The Product Terms shall in the relevant Final Terms complete and put in concrete terms the General 
Conditions of the Securities for the purposes of the relevant Securities. 
 
The Issuer undertakes to comply with Book VI of the Belgian Code of Economic Law in respect of the 
Securities issued under the Base Prospectus which are advertised, offered, sold or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, to any Belgian Consumers. For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning 
provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 
2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person 
resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or 
profession. 
 
In accordance with Articles VI.82 to VI.84 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, the Issuer may 
(amongst others) not unilaterally modify the characteristics of a product if it concerns an essential feature 
of the product (including a.o. its yield, the underlying value determining yield, repayment on maturity 
date, the counterparty, and the term of the product), except in the case of a force majeure event and where 
the alteration is not substantial and therefore does not create a significant imbalance in the rights and 
obligations of the parties to the detriment of the consumer and without retention of cost (cumulative 
conditions). Specific conditions apply with regard to unilateral early termination.  
 
Certain features of the Securities provided for in the Conditions (including the redemption features and 
Extraordinary Termination Rights of the Issuer, certain adjustments described in the Conditions and 
maturity date adjustments linked to Market Disruption) are only possible upon a decision of the Issuer as 
a consequence of a force majeure event (at market value and with no retention of additional costs in case 
of unilateral early termination, otherwise subject to the conditions set out above) or (with respect to 
provisions concerning unilateral early termination only) in case of an occurrence which substantially 
alters the economics of the contract as initially agreed between the parties which is not attributable to the 
issuer, with compensation and under terms which ensure that no significant imbalance is created in the 
rights and obligations of the parties to the detriment of the consumer (without retention of costs and 
provided that paid costs are refunded pro rata). 
 
The Product Terms and the General Conditions together constitute the "Conditions" of the relevant 
Securities. Full information on the Conditions is only available on the basis of the combination of the 
Final Terms and this Base Prospectus. 
 
1.2 
Summarised contents of the Terms and Conditions: 
 
Product Terms 
 
Part 1: 
Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities 
Part 2: 
 
§ 1 - 3 
Special Conditions of the Securities

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
General Conditions 
 
§ 4 
Form of Securities; Title and Transfer; Status 
§ 5 
Settlement 
§ 6 (a) - (n) 
Adjustments for Securities on Baskets; adjustments in connection with 
Shares, certificates representing shares, Non-Equity Securities, 
Commodities, Precious Metals, Indices, exchange traded Fund Units, 
Fund Units, Futures Contracts, Interest Rates, Currency Exchange 
Rates and Reference Rates; Benchmark Adjustments 
§ 7 
Adjustments due to the European Economic and Monetary Union 
§ 8 
Extraordinary Termination Right of the Issuer 
§ 9 
Extraordinary Termination Right of the Securityholders 
§ 10 
Taxes 
§ 11 
Market Disruptions 
§ 12 
Security Agents 
§ 13 
Substitution of the Issuer 
§ 14 
Publications 
§ 15 
Issue of further Securities; Purchase of Securities; Cancellation 
§ 16 
Intentionally left blank 
§ 17 
Governing Law; Jurisdiction 
§ 17 
Corrections; Severability 
§ 18 
Intentionally left blank 
§ 19 
Intentionally left blank 
§ 20 
Intentionally left blank

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
2. 
Product Terms 
 
2.1 
The following "Product Terms" of the Securities shall, for the relevant Securities, complete and put in 
concrete terms the General Conditions for the purposes of such Securities. A version of these Product 
Terms as completed and with concrete terms for the specific issue will be contained in the applicable 
Final Terms and must be read in conjunction with the General Conditions. 
 
The Product Terms are composed of: 
 
Part 1: Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities; and 
 
Part 2: Special Conditions of the Securities (for the individual types of Securities). 
 
Product Terms and General Conditions together constitute the "Terms and Conditions" of the relevant 
Securities. 
 
In the event of any inconsistency between these Product Terms and the General Conditions, these Product 
Terms shall prevail for the purposes of the Securities. 
 
2.2 
Product Terms Part 1: Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities 
 
The Securities use the following definitions and have, subject to an adjustment according to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities, the following key terms, both as described below in alphabetical order. 
The following does not represent a comprehensive description of the Securities, and is subject to and 
should be read in conjunction with the Conditions of the Securities. The use of the symbol "*" in the Key 
Terms and Definitions of the Securities indicates that the relevant determination will be made by the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, and will be published without undue delay thereafter 
in accordance with the applicable legal requirements. 
 
[Additional Termination 
Event: 
Additional Termination Event [, in relation to a currency exchange rate 
used as [the Underlying] [the Basket Component] means any of the 
following events: 
 
(i) The determination and/or publication of the price of a currency used 
in relation to the currency exchange rate is discontinued 
permanently, or the Issuer or the Calculation Agent obtains 
knowledge about the intention to do so. 
 
(ii) The currency used in connection with the currency exchange rate 
is, in its function as legal tender, in the country or jurisdiction, or 
countries or jurisdictions, maintaining the authority, institution or 
other body which issues such currency, replaced by another 
currency, or merged with another currency to become a common 
currency, or the Issuer or the Calculation Agent obtains knowledge 
about the intention to do so. 
 
(iii) A Relevant Country (aa) imposes any controls or announces its 
intention to impose any controls or (bb) (i) implements or 
announces its intention to implement or (ii) changes or announces 
its intention to change the interpretation or administration of any 
laws or regulations, in each case which the Calculation Agent 
determines is likely to affect the Issuer’s and/or any of its affiliates’ 
ability to acquire, hold, transfer or realise the currency used in 
connection with the currency exchange rate or otherwise to effect

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
transactions in relation to such currency. 
 
(iv) The occurrence at any time of an event, which the Calculation 
Agent determines would have the effect of preventing, restricting 
or delaying the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates from: 
 
(a) converting the currency used in connection with the 
currency exchange rate into the Redemption Currency or 
into another currency through customary legal channels or 
transferring within or from any Relevant Country any of 
these currencies, due to the imposition by such Relevant 
Country of any controls restricting or prohibiting such 
conversion or transfer, as the case may be; 
(b) converting the currency used in connection with the 
currency exchange rate into the Redemption Currency or 
into another currency at a rate at least as favourable as the 
rate for domestic institutions located in any Relevant 
Country; 
(c) delivering the currency used in connection with the 
currency exchange rate from accounts inside any Relevant 
Country to accounts outside such Relevant Country; or 
(d) transferring the currency used in connection with the 
currency exchange rate between accounts inside any 
Relevant Country or to a party that is a non-resident of such 
Relevant Country.] 
 
and [, in relation to a share used as [the Underlying] [the Basket 
Component] means any of the following events: 
 
(i) The Issuer obtains knowledge about the intention to discontinue 
permanently the quotation of the shares of the stock corporation, the 
share(s) of which is/are used as the Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, 
(the "Company") [in the Relevant Trading System] [or] [on the 
Relevant Exchange] [, as the case may be,] due to a merger or a new 
company formation, due to a transformation of the Company into a 
legal form without shares, or due to any other comparable reason, 
in particular as a result of a delisting of the Company. 
 
(ii) An insolvency proceeding or any other similar proceeding under the 
jurisdiction applicable to and governing the Company is initiated 
with respect to the assets of the Company. 
 
(iii) Take-over of the shares of the Company, which in the Issuer's 
opinion, results in a significant impact on the liquidity of such 
shares in the market. 
 
(iv) Offer to the shareholders of the Company pursuant to the law of the 
jurisdiction applicable to and governing the Company to convert 
existing shares of the Company to cash settlement, to Securities 
other than shares or rights, which are not quoted on a stock 
exchange and/or in a trading system.]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
[and] [, in relation to a certificate representing shares used as [the 
Underlying] [the Basket Component] means any of the following 
events: 
 
(i) The Issuer obtains knowledge about the intention to discontinue 
permanently the quotation of the certificate representing shares on 
the Relevant Exchange. 
 
(ii) An insolvency proceeding or any other similar proceeding under the 
jurisdiction applicable to and governing the company, which has 
issued the Underlying Shares is initiated with respect to the assets 
of such company.] 
 
["Adjustment Date" 
The Adjustment Date means [●]. [If this day is not [an Exchange 
Business Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket Component] Calculation 
Date] [●], the immediately succeeding [Exchange Business Day] 
[[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] is the relevant 
Adjustment Date.]] 
 
["Adjustment Time" 
The Adjustment Time means [●] [hrs. local time [Copenhagen, 
Denmark] [●]] 
 
["American Depositary 
Receipt" 
American Depositary Receipt means a negotiable instrument issued by 
a United States commercial bank acting as a depositary pursuant to a 
Depositary Agreement unless such Depositary Agreement has not been 
entered into, that represents a specified number of Underlying Shares 
issued by an entity organised outside the United States held in a 
safekeeping account with the depositary’s custodian.] 
 
["Banking Day" 
The Banking Day means [each day on which the banks in [Copenhagen, 
Denmark [and Zurich, Switzerland] [[●]] are open for business[, the 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer System ("TARGET2") is open] and the Clearing System 
settles securities dealings.] 
 
["Basket Component": 
The Basket Component(i=1) equals [, subject to a Roll Over in 
accordance with § 6 (j) of the Conditions of the Securities,] [Description 
of [the share or of the American Depositary Receipt or the Global 
Depositary Receipt on the share or the Depositary Receipt] [the Index] 
[the currency exchange rate] [the precious metal] [the commodity] [the 
interest rate] [the non-equity security] [the fund unit] [the futures 
contract (if applicable, including determination of the Relevant 
Expiration Months)] [the reference rate]: [●]] [in the case of an Index 
as the Basket Component insert, if appropriate, the following text: (the 
"Index(i=1"), [as maintained, calculated and published by [●] (the 
"Index Sponsor(i=1")] [as maintained by [●] (the "Index Sponsor(i=1)") 
and calculated and published by [●] (the "Index Calculator(i=1")]] [in 
the case of a fund unit as the Basket Component insert, if appropriate, 
the following text: (the "Fund Unit(i=1") in the [•] (the "Fund(i=1)")] [in 
the case of a certificate representing shares as the Underlying insert, if 
appropriate, the following text: [(also "ADR(i=1")] [(also "GDR(i=1")] (In 
such context, the Share(i=1) underlying [the ADR(i=1)] [the GDR(i=1)] is 
also referred to as the "Underlying Share(i=1"]; and the Basket 
Component(i=n) equals [, subject to a Roll Over in accordance with § 6

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
(j) of the Conditions of the Securities,] [Description of [the share or of 
the American Depositary Receipt or the Global Depositary Receipt on 
the share] [the Index] [the currency exchange rate] [the precious metal] 
[the commodity] [the interest rate] [the non-equity security] [the fund 
unit] [the futures contract (if applicable, including determination of the 
Relevant Expiration Months)] [the reference rate]: [●]] [in the case of 
an Index as the Basket Component insert, if appropriate, the following 
text: (the "Index(i=n"), [as maintained, calculated and published by [●]  
(the "Index Sponsor(i=n")] [as maintained by [●] (the "Index 
Sponsor(i=n") and calculated and published by [●] (the "Index 
Calculator(i=n) ")]] [in the case of a fund unit as the Basket Component 
insert, if appropriate, the following text: (the "Fund Unit(i=n") in the [●]  
(the "Fund(i=n")] [in the case of a certificate representing shares as the 
Underlying insert, if appropriate, the following text: [(also "ADR(i=n")] 
[also "GDR(i=n)")] (In such context, the Share(i=n) underlying [the 
ADR(i=n)] [the GDR(i=n)] is also referred to as the "Underlying Share(i=n" 
and the Underlying Share(i=n) together with [the ADR(i=n)] [the GDR(i=n)] 
as the "Share(i=n"))]. 
[The Basket Components are [expressed in] [converted into] [related to] 
[the Underlying Currency] [●]].] 
[In this context, the individual underlying values or components of a 
Basket Component are referred to as a "Component" or, as the case 
may be, the "Components".] 
The term "Basket Component" [or "Index"[, "Index Calculator"] and 
"Index Sponsor", as the case may be, ] [or "Fund Unit" and "Fund", as 
the case may be] [●] shall also refer to all Basket Components(i=1) to (i=n) 
[and to all Indices(i=1) to (i=n)[, all Index Calculators(i=1) to (i=n)] and all 
Index Sponsors(i=1) to (i=n), as the case may be] [and to all Fund Units(i=1) 
to (i=n) and all Funds(i=1) to (i=n), as the case may be] [●]] 
[In this context, [[each] [the] Index Sponsor has control over the 
provision of the Index (administrator) within the meaning of the 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in certain 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds, as amended (the "Benchmark 
Regulation")] [●].]] 
 
["Business Day" 
The Business Day means [●] [each day on which the banks in 
[Copenhagen, Denmark,] [and Zurich, Switzerland] [[●]] are open for 
business.] ] 
 
["Calculation Agent" 
The Calculation Agent means UBS AG, Bahnhofstrasse 45, 8001 
Zurich, Switzerland [, acting through its London Branch, 1 Finsbury 
Avenue, London EC2M 2PP, United Kingdom]. 
The Calculation Agent is the party providing calculations in connection 
with the Securities, e.g. Settlement Amount and Redemption Amount. 
 
["Currency of the Knock 
Out Barrier" 
 
The Currency of the Knock Out Barrier means [●].] 
["Depositary Agreement" 
Depositary Agreement means the agreement(s) or other instrument(s) 
constituting [the American Depositary Receipts] [or, as the case may 
be,][the Global Depositary Receipts][Depositary Receipts], as from 
time to time amended in accordance with its/their terms.]

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
["DivFactor" 
DivFactor (if applicable) means a dividend factor, which reflects any 
taxation applied on dividends. On any Adjustment Date, the DivFactor 
is determined at the Calculation Agent’s reasonable discretion to be a 
value between [●] per cent. (including) and 100 per cent. (including).] 
 
["Dividend" 
Dividend (if applicable) means [dividend or similar payments, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, 
distributed to hypothetical holders of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, 
insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the 
Base Prospectus: [●]], whereby the ex-dividend day of such payment 
on the Relevant Exchange is between the current and the immediately 
succeeding 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day] 
[[Underlying] 
[Basket 
Component] Calculation Date] ].] 
 
["Dividend Costs" 
Dividend Costs (applicable only on case of performance indices as 
Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Component) means an 
amount, which increases following [the relevant Adjustment Date] [●], 
on which the relevant share of the company included in [the 
Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an 
Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] is traded "ex 
dividend", [the Financing Level(Old)][the Strike(Old) or, as the case may 
be, the Knock-Out Barrier(Old)] [,provided that this ex dividend day is 
between the current and the immediately succeeding [Exchange 
Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] 
[●]]. The Dividend Costs are determined at Calculation Agent’s 
reasonable discretion as being those taxes or other charges and costs, 
which are levied in the context of the distribution of the dividends [by 
way of any withholdings] [, to the extent that these may not be 
credited].][●]] 
 
["Exchange Business 
Day" 
The Exchange Business Day means [●][each day, on which the 
Relevant Exchange is open for trading and the Price of the Underlying 
is determined in accordance with the relevant rules]. 
 
["Exercise Date" 
The Exercise Date means [●].] 
 
["Exercise Period" 
The Exercise Period starts on [●] and ends on [●] [at the Exercise 
Time].] 
 
["Exercise Time" 
The Exercise Time equals [●] [hrs. local time [Copenhagen, Denmark] 
[Zurich, Switzerland)] [●]] 
 
["Expiration Date" 
[The Expiration Date means [●].] [Open End] [If this day is not [a Fund 
Business Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket Component] Calculation 
Date], the immediately [preceding] [succeeding] [Fund Business Day] 
[[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] is the Expiration 
Date.] 
 
["Final Valuation Date" 
[The Final Valuation Date means [the Expiration Date] [●].] 
[The Final Valuation Date means [[the Expiration Date] [●]] [(i) in the 
case of an exercise by the Securityholder in accordance with § [●] of 
the Conditions of the Securities, subject to an effective exercise 
procedure, [the relevant Exercise Date] [the day immediately

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
succeeding the relevant Exercise Date] [and] [(ii) in the case of an 
Automatic Exercise in accordance with § [●] of the Conditions of the 
Securities [the Automatic Exercise Date] [the day immediately 
succeeding the Automatic Exercise Date] .] 
If this day is not [a Fund Business Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date] [an Exchange Business Day] in relation 
to [the Underlying] [an Underlying(i)] [a Basket Component(i)], [●] [the 
immediately 
[preceding] 
[succeeding] 
[Fund 
Business 
Day] 
[[Underlying] [Basket Component] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Calculation Date] is the relevant Final Valuation Date in relation to 
[the Underlying] 
[the affected [Underlying(i)] [Basket Component(i)]] 
[the aggregate [Underlyings] [Basket Components]] ]. ] 
 
["Financing Level 
Currency" 
 
The Financing Level Currency means [●].] 
["Fixing Date" 
The Fixing Date means [●]. 
If this day is not [a Fund Business Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date] [an Exchange Business Day] in relation 
to [the Underlying] [an Underlying(i)] [a Basket Component(i)], [the 
immediately 
[preceding] 
[succeeding] 
[Fund 
Business 
Day] 
[[Underlying] [Basket Component] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Calculation Date] is the relevant Fixing Date in relation to 
[the Underlying] 
[the affected [Underlying(i)] [Basket Component(i)]] 
[the aggregate [Underlyings] [Basket Components]].] 
 
["Fixing Time" 
The Fixing Time equals [●] 
[[●] hrs local time [Copenhagen, Denmark] [Zurich, Switzerland] [•] 
[[the time of the official determination of the [Price] [[●] price] of the 
[Underlying] [respective Underlying(i)] [by the Index Sponsor] [or the 
Index Calculator, as the case may be] [by the Relevant Reference 
Agent].] [●]] 
[in the case of a Basket as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the 
following text: [[●], relevant local time for each Basket Component(i)] 
[the time of the official determination of the [Price] [[●] price] of each 
Basket Component(i)] [by the Index Sponsor] [by the Relevant 
Reference Agent].] [●]]]] 
 
["Fund Business Day" 
The Fund Business Day means any day in respect of which (i) the 
administrator of the Fund calculates and publishes the Fund’s NAV in 
accordance with the relevant prospectus and constitutional documents 
of the Fund and (ii) a Notional Investor in the Fund Units of the Fund 
could subscribe and redeem the Fund Units. 
 
["Futures Contract with 
the next Expiration Date" 
Futures Contract with the next Expiration Date means [●] [the futures 
contract with the Expiration Date, which falls in the chronologically 
next of the Relevant Expiration Months.]] 
 
["Global Depositary 
Receipt" 
Global Depositary Receipt means a negotiable instrument issued by a 
commercial bank acting as a depositary pursuant to a Depositary 
Agreement unless such Depositary Agreement has not been entered 
into, that represents a specified number of Underlying Shares issued by

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
an entity and held in a safekeeping account with the depositary’s 
custodian.] 
 
["Governing Law" 
Danish law governed Securities.] 
 
 
["Initial Financing Level" 
The Initial Financing Level equals [●]]. [indicative. The Initial 
Financing Level will be fixed on the Fixing Date [at the Fixing 
Time].*]] 
 
["Initial Financing 
Spread" 
The Initial Financing Spread equals [●]. The Initial Financing Spread 
will be fixed on the Fixing Date [at the Fixing Time].*]] 
 
["Initial Knock Out 
Barrier" 
The Initial Knock Out Barrier equals [●]. The Initial Knock Out Barrier 
will be fixed on the Fixing Date [at the Fixing Time].*]] 
 
["Initial Payment Date" 
The Initial Payment Date means [●].] 
 
["Initial Stop Loss Level" 
The Initial Stop Loss Level equals [●]. The Initial Stop Loss Level will 
be fixed on the Fixing Date [at the Fixing Time].*]] 
 
["Initial Stop Loss 
Premium" 
The Initial Stop Loss Premium equals [●]. [indicative. The Initial Stop 
Loss Premium will be fixed on the Fixing Date [at Fixing Time]. *]] 
 
["Initial Strike" 
The Initial Strike equals [●]. [indicative. The Initial Strike will be fixed 
on the Fixing Date [at Fixing Time]. *]] 
 
["Issue Date" 
The Issue Date means [●]. 
 
["Issuer" 
The Issuer means Saxo Bank A/S, company registration no. 15731249, 
Philip Heymans Alle 15, DK-2900 Hellerup, Denmark. 
 
["Issuer Exercise Date" 
The Issuer Exercise Date means [●]. 
 
["Knock Out Barrier" 
The Knock Out Barrier equals [●]. [indicative. The Knock Out Barrier 
will be fixed [at the Fixing Time] on the Fixing Date.*]] 
 
["Leverage Factor" 
The Leverage Factor equals [●] [indicative. The Leverage Factor will 
be fixed on the Fixing Date [at Fixing Time].*]] 
 
["Minimum Exercise 
Size" 
The Minimum Exercise Size equals 1 Security.] 
["Minimum Settlement 
Amount" 
The Minimum Settlement Amount equals [0.001] [●] in the 
Redemption Currency per Security.] 
 
["Minimum Trading Size" The Minimum Trading Size equals 1 Security.] 
 
["Multiplier" 
The Multiplier equals [●], or expressed as a decimal number [●], i.e. 
[●] [Security relates] [Securities relate] to 1 Underlying [, respectively, 
1 Security relates to [●] Underlying[s], as the case may be].] [indicative. 
The Multiplier will be fixed [at the Fixing Time] on the Fixing Date.*]] 
 
["Net Asset Value" 
The Net Asset Value ("NAV") means [the Fund's net asset value as 
calculated and published by the Fund's administrator in accordance with

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
the relevant Fund's prospectus and constitutional documents by adding 
the value of all the assets of the Fund and deducting the total liabilities 
(including, in particular but not limited to, any fees (including an 
advisory fee and an incentive fee) payable to the Fund's advisor, the 
administrator, the bank and the custodian of the Fund, all borrowings, 
brokerage fees, provisions for taxes (if any), allowances for contingent 
liabilities and any other costs and expenses reasonably and properly 
incurred to the bank or the custodian of the Fund in effecting the 
acquisition or disposal of securities or in administering the Fund) of the 
Fund.] [the net asset value of the Fund Unit as published by or on behalf 
of the Fund (or its manager). For the purpose of calculating such value 
as of [the [Final] Valuation Date] [any Valuation Averaging Date] [●], 
the Calculation Agent, acting in its reasonable discretion, shall 
determine such value based on the redemption proceeds that a Notional 
Investor would have received, if that such Notional Investor had, 
subject to giving the appropriate prior notice, requested redemption of 
the Fund Unit as of [the [Final] Valuation Date] [such Valuation 
Averaging Date] [●].] 
 
["Notional Investor" 
The Notional Investor means a hypothetical investor (in the same 
position as the Issuer) investing in the Fund Units of the Fund.] 
 
["Observation Date" 
The Observation Date means [●]. 
 
If this day is not [a Fund Business Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date in relation to [the Underlying] [an 
Underlying[•]] [a Basket Component[•]], [●] [the immediately 
[preceding] [succeeding] [Fund Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket 
Component] Calculation Date] is the relevant Observation Date in 
relation to 
[the Underlying] 
[the affected [Underlying[•]] [Basket Component[•]]] 
[the aggregate [Underlyings] [Basket Components]] ]. 
 
["Observation Period" 
[The Observation Period means [•] [the period, commencing on the 
[Issue Date] [Fixing Date] [•] [at [•] hrs local time [●]] and ending [at 
[•] hrs local time [●] on the [Expiration Date] [Valuation Date] [Final 
Valuation Date] [or] [latest of the Valuation Averaging Dates].] 
 
[The Observation Period([•]=1) means the period commencing at [•] hrs 
local time [•] [●], on [•] and ending at [•] hrs local time [•] [●] on [•] 
[Observation Date([•]=1)] (including) [•] and the Observation Period([•]=n) 
means the period commencing at [•] hrs local time [•] [●], on [•] 
[Observation Date([•]=n-1) (excluding)] and ending at [•] hrs local time 
[•] [●], on [•] [Observation Date([•]=n)] (including).] ] 
 
["Open End" 
Open End means that the Securities have no predefined Expiration Date. 
 
["Paying Agent" 
The Paying Agent means UBS Switzerland AG, Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, Switzerland. 
 
The Paying Agent is the party arranging for the relevant payments at 
issuance and redemption of the Securities.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
["Price of the Basket 
Component" 
The Price of the Basket Component means [●]. 
[the [●] price(s) of the respective Basket Component(s) as 
[continuously] determined [by the Relevant Trading System] [or] [on 
the Relevant Exchange]] [or] 
[in the case of an Index as the Basket Component insert, if applicable, 
the following text: the [●] price[s) of the [relevant] Basket 
Component[s]) as calculated and published by [the Index Sponsor] [the 
Index Calculator]] [or] 
[in the case of a currency exchange rate as the Basket Component insert, 
if applicable, the following text: [the [●] [bid] [mean] [ask] price[s] of 
the [relevant] Basket Component[s] as [[continuously] determined on 
the Relevant Exchange Market] [and] [published on [[Reuters] 
[Bloomberg] on page ["EUROFX/1"] [●]] [the Relevant Screen Page], 
or a substitute page thereof.] [or] 
[in the case of an interest rate as the Basket Component insert, if 
applicable, the following text: [●] [the [●] price[s] of the [relevant] 
Basket Component[s] as [[continuously] determined on the Relevant 
Reference Market] [and] [published on the Relevant Screen Page or a 
substitute page thereof]] [or] 
[in the case of a fund unit as the Basket Component insert, if applicable, 
the following text: [●] [the Net Asset Value of the [relevant] Fund in 
relation to the Fund Unit, as calculated [and published] by [●] [the 
[relevant] administrator of the Fund] [or] 
[in the case of a futures contract as the Basket Component insert, if 
applicable, the following text: [the [●] price[s] of the [relevant] Basket 
Component[s] as [[continuously] determined on the Relevant Reference 
Market] [and] [published on the Relevant Screen Page or a substitute 
page thereof]]] [or] 
[in the case of a reference rate as the Basket Component insert, if 
applicable, the following text: [●] [the [●] price[s] of the [relevant] 
Basket Component[s] as [[continuously] determined [on the Relevant 
Reference Market] [by the Relevant Reference Agent]] [and] [published 
on the Relevant Screen Page or a substitute page thereof].]] [or] 
[The Price of each Basket Component is [expressed in] [converted into] 
[related to] [the Underlying Currency] [●].] 
[in the case of a currency exchange rate, interest rate, futures contract 
or a reference rate as Basket Component, as the case may be, insert, if 
applicable, the following text: 
[●] [If the [respective] Relevant Screen Page at the [respective] [Fixing 
Time] [or, as the case may be,] [Valuation Time] is not available or if 
the Price for the [respective] Basket Component is not displayed, the 
relevant Price shall be the [[●] rate] [[●] price] [level] [(expressed as a 
percentage p.a.)] as displayed on the corresponding page of another 
financial information service. If the Price of the [respective] Basket 
Component is no longer displayed in one of the above forms, the Issuer 
is entitled to specify at its reasonable discretion a [[●] rate] [[●] price] 
[level] [(expressed as a percentage p.a.)] calculated on the basis of the 
standard market practices applicable at that time as the relevant price. 
In this case the Issuer is entitled but not obliged to request from 
reference banks selected at its reasonable discretion their respective 
quotes for the [[●] rate] [[●] price] [level] corresponding to the 
[respective] Basket Component [(expressed as a percentage rate p.a.)] 
at the [respective] [Fixing Time] [or, as the case may be,] [Valuation

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Time] on the relevant [Valuation Date] [Final Valuation Date]. If at 
least [two] [●] of the reference banks have provided a corresponding 
quote to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent is entitled but not obliged to 
determine the relevant price by using the [arithmetical] average 
calculated by it (if necessary rounded to the nearest one thousandth of a 
percent) of the quotes specified by these reference banks.]]] 
 
["Price of the Underlying" 
The Price of the Underlying means [●] 
[[the [●] price of the Underlying as [continuously] determined [in the 
Relevant Trading System] [or] [on the Relevant Exchange].] 
[in the case of an Index as the Underlying insert, if applicable, the 
following text: the [●] price of the Underlying as calculated and 
published by [the Index Sponsor] [the Index Calculator].] 
[in the case of a currency exchange rate as the Underlying insert, if 
applicable, the following text: [●] [the [●] [bid] [mean] [ask] [●] price 
of the Underlying as [[continuously] determined on the Relevant 
Exchange Market] [and] [published on [[Reuters] [Bloomberg] on page 
["EUROFX/1"] [●]] [the Relevant Screen Page], or a substitute page 
thereof.] 
[in the case of an interest rate as the Underlying insert, if applicable, the 
following text: [●] [the [●] price of the Underlying as [[continuously] 
determined on the Relevant Reference Market] [and] [published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or a substitute page thereof].]] 
[in the case of a fund unit as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the 
following text: [●] [the Net Asset Value of the Fund in relation to the 
Fund Unit, as calculated [and published] by the administrator of the 
Fund.]] 
[in the case of a futures contract as the Underlying insert, if applicable, 
the following text: [●] [the [●] price of the Underlying as 
[[continuously] determined on the Relevant Reference Market] [and] 
[published on the Relevant Screen Page or a substitute page thereof].]] 
[in the case of a reference rate as the Underlying insert, if applicable, 
the following text: [●] [the [●] price of the Underlying as 
[[continuously] determined [on the Relevant Reference Market] [by the 
Relevant Reference Agent]] [and] [published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or a substitute page thereof].]] 
[in the case of a Basket as the Underlying insert, if applicable, the 
following text: [●] [the sum of the respective Prices of the Basket 
Components [each multiplied by the Percentage Weighting of the 
respective Basket Component within the Basket.]] 
[The Price of the [respective] Underlying is [expressed in] [converted 
into] [related to] [the Underlying Currency] [●].] 
[in the case of a currency exchange rate, interest rate, futures contract 
or a reference rate as the Underlying, as the case may be, add, if 
applicable, the following text: [●] [If the [respective] Relevant Screen 
Page at the [respective] [Fixing Time] [or, as the case may be,] 
[Valuation Time] is not available or if the Price for the [respective] 
Underlying is not displayed, the relevant Price shall be the [[●] rate] 
[[●] price] [level] [(expressed as a percentage p.a.)] as displayed on the 
corresponding page of another financial information service. If the Price 
of the [respective] Underlying is no longer displayed in one of the above 
forms, the Issuer is entitled to specify at its reasonable discretion a [[●] 
rate] [[●] price] [level] [(expressed as a percentage p.a.)] calculated on 
the basis of the standard market practices applicable at that time as the

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
relevant price. In this case the Issuer is entitled but not obliged to request 
from reference banks selected at its reasonable discretion their 
respective quotes for the [[●] rate] [[●] price] [level] corresponding to 
the [respective] Underlying [(expressed as a percentage rate p.a.)] at the 
[respective] [Fixing Time] [or, as the case may be,] [Valuation Time] 
on the relevant [Valuation Date] [Final Valuation Date]. If at least [two] 
[●] of the reference banks have provided a corresponding quote to the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent is entitled but not obliged to determine the 
relevant price by using the [arithmetical] average calculated by it (if 
necessary rounded to the nearest one thousandth of a percent) of the 
quotes specified by these reference banks.]] 
 
["Principal Paying Agent" 
The Principal Paying Agent means UBS Switzerland AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 8001 Zurich, Switzerland. 
 
["Quanto" 
Quanto means that the relevant Price of the [Underlying] [Basket 
Components] used for the calculation of any amounts payable under the 
Securities is expressed in the Redemption Currency without any 
reference to the currency exchange rate between the underlying 
currency of the [Underlying] [Basket Components], and the 
Redemption Currency.] 
 
["Rate" 
The Rate means [the prevailing rate for deposits in the Financing Level 
Currency] [(London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR))] [Euro Short-
term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] [Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] [SARON] 
[Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-
Overnight-Rate] [minus [the]] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] 
[Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight (SARON)] [SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [●] as determined 
by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion on the relevant 
Adjustment Date].] 
 
If (i) the Rate is no longer displayed or is discontinued permanently 
without an official legal successor rate, (ii) a public statement by the 
administrator of the relevant Rate has been issued that (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Rate) it has ceased publishing such Rate 
permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified 
future date, (iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the relevant Rate has been issued that, in the view of such supervisor, 
such Rate is or will, by a specified future date, be no longer 
representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate 
such Rate has materially changed; or (iv) the administrator of the 
relevant rate fails to obtain or maintain any necessary approvals or 
registrations, the Issuer is entitled to replace the Rate by another rate 
(which may include an adjustment spread (which may be positive or 
negative)), representing, at the reasonable discretion of the Calculation 
Agent, an economically comparable concept, (the "Successor Rate"). 
The Successor Rate and the date it is applied for the first time shall be 
published without undue delay by way of publication pursuant to § 14 
of these Conditions.]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
["Redemption Currency" 
The Redemption Currency means [●]. [The product feature "Currency 
Conversion" applies.] 
 
["Redemption Date" 
The Redemption Date means [●] [the [●] Banking Day after (i) in case 
of an exercise by the Securityholder in accordance with § [●] of the 
Conditions of the Securities, the [relevant Valuation Date][in relation to 
the Exercise Date][, (ii) in case of a redemption of the Securities by the 
Issuer in accordance with § [●] of the Conditions of the Securities, the 
[relevant Valuation Date] [in relation to the Issuer Exercise Date][, [(ii] 
[(iii)] in case of the occurrence of a [Stop Loss Event] [Knock Out 
Event] in accordance with § [●] of the Conditions of the Securities, [the 
Stop Loss Expiration Date] [the Knock Out Expiration Date];] and ([ii] 
[iii] [iv]) in case of a termination by the Issuer in accordance with § 8 
[●] of the Conditions of the Securities, the Termination Date.] 
 
["Reference Level" 
The Reference Level of the Underlying equals [●] 
[in the case of a Basket as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the 
following text: the sum of the respective Reference Levels of the Basket 
Components [each multiplied by the Percentage Weighting of the 
respective Basket Component within the Basket] [, related to the 
Underlying Currency].]] 
 
["Reference Price" 
The Reference Price of the Underlying equals [●] 
[the Price of the Underlying on [the Valuation Date] [the Final 
Valuation Date] [at the Valuation Time].] 
[If on the Valuation Date, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its 
reasonable discretion, there is not sufficient liquidity in relation to [the 
Underlying] [one or more of the Underlyings] [one or more of the 
Basket Components] or if the unwinding of any hedging transaction, 
due to such illiquidity or any other reason, has an inadequate impact on 
the Price of [the Underlying] [one or more of the Underlyings] [one or 
more of the Basket Components], the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the Reference Price based on the [arithmetical] [volume weighted] 
average of the [●] prices of the Underlying, as indicated by the 
unwinding of the related hedging transactions in [the Underlying] [the 
relevant Basket Component], on [the Valuation Date] [the Final 
Valuation Date]. [The Calculation Agent shall determine [the closing 
dates on the Fixing Date and] the unwinding dates of the hedging 
transactions at its reasonable discretion.]] 
 
["Relevant Conversion 
Rate" 
The Relevant Conversion Rate means the relevant [bid] [mean] [ask] 
rate [as published on [●]] 
[(i) [the Valuation Date] [the Final Valuation Date] or (ii) in the case of 
a termination by the Issuer, on the [Termination Date] [day, on which 
the Termination Event occurs], [or (iii) in the case of a termination by 
the Securityholders, on [●] [the day, on which the Event of Default 
occurs]], 
[the Banking Day immediately succeeding (i) [the Valuation Date] [the 
Final Valuation Date] or (ii) in the case of termination by the Issuer, the 
[Termination Date] [day, on which the Termination Event occurs] [or 
(iii) in the case of a termination by the Securityholders, on [●] [the day, 
on which the Event of Default occurs]], 
[[Reuters] [Bloomberg] on page ["EUROFX/1"] ["ECB37"] [●], or a 
substitute page thereof.]]

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
[If the Relevant Conversion Rate is not determined or quoted in the 
manner described above or if controversial [bid] [mean] [ask] rates are 
quoted, the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to identify a Relevant 
Conversion Rate, determined on the basis of the then prevailing market 
customs.] ] 
[This definition is applicable in case the Underlying is expressed in a 
different currency than the Redemption Currency of the Securities, for 
example the Underlying is expressed in USD, whereas the Redemption 
Currency is expressed in EUR.] 
 
["Relevant Country" 
The Relevant Country means with respect to the [Underlying] [Basket 
Component], each of (i) any country (or any political or regulatory 
authority thereof) in which the currency used as [the Underlying] [the 
Basket Component] is the legal tender or currency; and (ii) any country 
(or any political or regulatory authority thereof) with which the 
currency used as [the Underlying] [the Basket Component] has a 
material connection and, in determining what is material the Calculation 
Agent may, without limitation, refer to such factors as it may deem 
appropriate at its reasonable discretion.] 
 
["Relevant Exchange" 
The Relevant Exchange means [●] 
[in the case of an Index as the Underlying or Basket Component, as the 
case may be, insert, if appropriate, the following text: the stock 
exchange(s) on which the Components comprised in the Index are 
traded, as determined by [the Index Sponsor] [or] [the Index Calculator, 
as the case may be].] 
[[●] in relation to the [Underlying(i=1)] [Basket Component(i=1)], [●] and 
[●] in relation to the [Underlying(i=n)] [Basket Component(i=n)]. The term 
"Relevant Exchange" shall also refer to all Relevant Exchanges(i=1) to 
(i=n).] ] 
 
["Relevant Exchange 
Market" 
The Relevant Exchange Market means [●] 
[the foreign exchange market[s], on which the [[Underlying[s]] [Basket 
Component[s]] [is] [are] primarily traded.] 
[[●] in relation to the [Underlying(i=1)] [Basket Component(i=1)], [●] and 
[●] in relation to the [Underlying(i=n)] [Basket Component(i=n)]. The term 
"Relevant Exchange Market" shall also refer to all Relevant Exchange 
Markets(i=1) to (i=n).] ] 
 
["Relevant Futures and 
Options Exchange" 
The Relevant Futures and Options Exchange means [●] 
[[●] in relation to the [Underlying(i=1)] [Basket Component(i=1)], [●] and 
[●] in relation to the [Underlying(i=n)] [Basket Component(i=n)].] 
[the futures and options exchange[s], on which futures and option 
contracts on the [[Underlying[s]] [Basket Component[s]] are primarily 
traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent]. [The term "Relevant 
Futures and Options Exchange" shall also refer to all Relevant Futures 
and Options Exchanges(i=1) to (i=n).].] 
 
["Relevant Reference 
Agent" 
The Relevant Reference Agent means [●] 
[[●] in relation to the [Underlying(i=1)] [Basket Component(i=1)], [●] and 
[●] in relation to the [Underlying(i=n)] [Basket Component(i=n)]. The term 
"Relevant Reference Agent" shall also refer to all Relevant Reference 
Agents(i=1) to (i=n).] ]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
["Relevant Reference 
Market" 
The Relevant Reference Market means [●] 
[[●] in relation to the [Underlying(i=1)] [Basket Component(i=1)], [●] and 
[•] in relation to the [Underlying(i=n)] [Basket Component(i=n)]. The term 
"Relevant Reference Market" shall also refer to all Relevant Reference 
Markets(i=1) to (i=n).] ] 
 
["Relevant Reference 
Rate" 
The Relevant Reference Rate equals [insert description of the reference 
rate: [●].] 
 
["Relevant Screen Page" 
The Relevant Screen Page means [●] 
[[●] in relation to the [Underlying(i=1)] [Basket Component(i=1)], [●] and 
[●] in relation to the [Underlying(i=n)] [Basket Component(i=n)]. The term 
"Relevant Screen Page" shall also refer to all Relevant Screen Pages(i=1) 
to (i=n).] ] 
 
["Relevant Trading 
System" 
The Relevant Trading System means [●] 
[in the case of an Index as the Underlying or Basket Component, as the 
case may be, insert, if appropriate, the following text: The trading 
system(s) in which the Components comprised in the Index are traded, 
as determined by the [Index Sponsor] [or] [the Index Calculator, as the 
case may be].] 
[in the case of a Fund Unit as the Underlying or Basket Component, as 
the case may be, insert, if appropriate, the following text: [the Fund] 
[●].] 
[[●] in relation to the [Underlying(i=1)] [Basket Component(i=1)], [●] and 
[•] in relation to the [Underlying(i=n)] [Basket Component(i=n)]. The term 
"Relevant Trading System" shall also refer to all Relevant Trading 
Systems(i=1) to (i=n).] ] 
 
["Reset Event" 
[A Reset Event [means [•]] [occurs, 
 
[in case of a record day related observation, add the following text: 
 
if [at any time] [at [•] hrs. (local time [•] [Copenhagen, Denmark] 
[London, United Kingdom])] on [the Valuation Date] [the Final 
Valuation Date] [the Observation Date] [an Observation Date] [a 
Valuation Averaging Date] [•] [the Reference Price] [the Settlement 
Price] 
[the 
Price] 
of 
[the 
Underlying] 
[at 
least 
one 
[Underlying[•]][Basket 
Component[•]]] 
[all 
[Underlyings][Basket 
Components]] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an 
Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]] is 
 
[in case of Factor (Long) Certificates insert: [•] [equal to or] lower 
than the [respective] Current Reset Barrier[[•]], but [equal to or] 
above the [respective] Current Strike[•]].] 
 
[in case of Factor (Short) Certificates insert: [•] [equal to or] higher 
than the [respective] Current Reset Barrier[[•]], but [equal to or] 
below the [respective] Current Strike[•]].] 
 
[in case of a period related observation, add the following text: 
 
if [at any time] [during ] [the Term of the Securities] [following] [the 
Fixing Date] [the Issue Date] [the Start of the public offer of the

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Securities] [•]] the Price of [the Underlying] [at least one 
[Underlying[•]][Basket 
Component[•]]] 
[all 
[Underlyings][Basket 
Components]] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an 
Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]] is 
 
[in case of Factor (Long) Certificates insert: [•] [equal to or] lower 
than the [respective] Current Reset Barrier[[•]], but [equal to or] 
above the [respective] Current Strike[•]].] 
 
[in case of Factor (Short) Certificates insert: [•] [equal to or] higher 
than the [respective] Current Reset Barrier[[•]], but [equal to or] 
below the [respective] Current Strike[•]].] 
 
[If, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at their 
reasonable discretion, a Market Disruption (§ 11 (3)) prevails on any 
day relevant for the determination of the occurrence of a Reset Event, 
the Calculation Agent will, at its reasonable discretion and taking into 
account (i) the market conditions then prevailing and (ii) such other 
conditions or factors as the Issuer and the Calculation Agent reasonably 
consider to be relevant, estimate the relevant Price of the Underlying or, 
if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, the relevant Price of the 
(affected) Basket Component or, if in the applicable Product Terms in 
the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is 
specified to be applicable, the relevant price of the affected Component 
in relation to the occurrence of a Reset Event (which for the avoidance 
of doubt could be zero (0)) on the basis of the latest Prices of the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, Prices of the 
Basket Component or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is 
specified to be applicable, prices of the affected Component available 
to the Issuer or the Calculation Agent.] 
 
["Roll Over Date" 
Roll Over Date means [the last trading date] [the first trading date after 
the last trading date] [●] of the futures contracts in the Relevant 
Reference Market. If, at that date, the Issuer determines at its reasonable 
discretion that there is insufficient liquidity in the futures contract used 
as [the Underlying] [the Basket Component] in the Relevant Reference 
Market or that a comparable extraordinarily market situation prevails, 
the Issuer shall be entitled to determine at its reasonable discretion 
another day as Roll Over Date.] 
 
["Securities" 
Securities means the [specify designation of the Securities: [●]] 
Securities issued by the Issuer in the Issue Size with the following 
product feature: 
Currency Conversion: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Minimum Exercise Size: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Securityholder’s Extraordinary 
Termination Right: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Quanto: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Consideration of Components: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Individual Determination: [Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
Collective Determination: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Benchmark Adjustment: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
["Securityholder 
Termination Amount" 
The Securityholder Termination Amount equals an amount in the 
Redemption Currency, which is determined by the Calculation Agent at 
its reasonable discretion and considering [the then prevailing Price of 
the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an 
Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]], as the fair market 
price of a Security at the occurrence of the termination of the 
Securities.] 
 
["Settlement Amount" 
The Settlement Amount equals [insert amount: [●].] 
 
["Settlement Cycle" 
The Settlement Cycle means [●] [the number of [Banking Days] 
[business days][[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Dates] 
following a trade in the [Underlying] [Basket Component] [in the 
Relevant Trading System] [or] [on the Relevant Exchange] in which 
settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of [the Relevant 
Trading System] [or] [the Relevant Exchange].]] 
 
["Settlement Price" 
The Settlement Price of the Underlying equals [●] 
[the Price of the Underlying on [the Valuation Date] [the Final 
Valuation Date] [at the Valuation Time].] 
[in the case of a Basket as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the 
following text: the sum of the respective Reference Levels of the Basket 
Components [each multiplied by the [Percentage] Weighting of the 
respective Basket Component within the Basket] [, related to the 
Underlying Currency].] 
[If on the Valuation Date, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its 
reasonable discretion, there is not sufficient liquidity in relation to [the 
Underlying] [one or more of the Underlyings] [one or more of the 
Basket Components] or if the unwinding of any hedging transaction, 
due to such illiquidity or any other reason, has an inadequate impact on 
the Price of [the Underlying] [one or more of the Underlyings] [one or 
more of the Basket Components], the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the Settlement Price based on the [arithmetical] [volume weighted] 
average of the [●] prices of the Underlying, as indicated by the 
unwinding of the related hedging transactions in [the Underlying] [the 
relevant Basket Component], on [the Valuation Date] [the Final 
Valuation Date]. [The Calculation Agent shall determine [the closing 
dates on the Fixing Date and] the unwinding dates of the hedging 
transactions at its reasonable discretion.]] 
 
["Start of the public offer 
of the Securities" 
 
[●] 
["Stop Loss Level 
Currency" 
 
The Stop Loss Level Currency means [●].] 
["Strike" 
The Strike of the Underlying equals [●] 
[in the case of a Basket as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the 
following text: the sum of the respective Strikes of the Basket 
Components [each multiplied by the Percentage Weighting of the 
respective Basket Component within the Basket] [, related to the

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
Underlying Currency].]] 
 
["Strike Currency" 
The Strike Currency means [●].] 
 
["Term of the Securities" 
The Term of the Securities means [●] [the period, commencing on the 
[Issue Date] [Fixing Date] [●] [at [●] hrs Copenhagen time] [●]] and 
ending [at [●] hrs Copenhagen time] [●]] [with the determination of [the 
Reference Price] [the Settlement Price]] on [the Redemption Date] [the 
Expiration Date] [the Valuation Date] [the Final Valuation Date].] 
 
["Termination Amount" 
The Termination Amount equals an amount in the Redemption 
Currency, which is determined by the Calculation Agent at its 
reasonable discretion and considering [the then prevailing Price of the 
Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an 
Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]], as the fair market 
price of a Security at the occurrence of the termination of the 
Securities.] 
 
["Underlying][Basket 
Component] Calculation 
Date" 
The [Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date means [●] 
[each day, on which [the Relevant Trading System] [,] [and] [the 
Relevant Exchange] [,] [and] [the Relevant Exchange Market] [and] 
[the Relevant Reference Market] [is] [are] open for trading [and] [the 
Price of the [Underlying] [Basket Component] is determined in 
accordance with the relevant rules]] 
[in the case of an Index as the Underlying or Basket Component, as the 
case may be, insert, if applicable, the following text: [[or, as the case 
may be, ] in relation to the Index] each day, on which [(i)] [the Index 
Sponsor] [the Index Calculator] determines, calculates and publishes 
the official price of the Index, [and (ii) the Components, which are 
comprised in the Index are [, to the extent of at least [●] [80 per cent.] 
[90 per cent.] of the market capitalisation of all Components, which are 
comprised in the Index, or of the overall value of the Index, ] available 
for trading and quotation [in the Relevant Trading System] [or] [on the 
Relevant Exchange]] 
[in the case of a fund unit as the Underlying or Basket Component, as 
the case may be, insert, if applicable, the following text: [[or, as the case 
may be, ] in relation to a Fund Unit] each day on which the [respective] 
administrator of the Fund publishes the Net Asset Value for such Fund 
in accordance with the relevant Fund's prospectus and constitutional 
documents] 
[in the case of a reference rate as the Underlying or Basket Component, 
as the case may be, insert, if applicable, the following text: [[or, as the 
case may be, ] in relation to a reference rate] each day on which the 
[respective] Relevant Reference Agent determines the Price of the 
[Underlying] [Basket Component] in accordance with the relevant 
rules]].] 
 
["Underlying Currency" 
The Underlying Currency means [●].] 
 
["Underlying[s]" 
[The Underlying means [, subject to a Roll Over in accordance with § 6 
(j) of the Conditions of the Securities,] [insert description of [the share 
or of the American Depositary Receipt, the Global Depositary Receipt 
or other depositary receipt on the share] [the Index] [the currency 
exchange rate] [the precious metal] [the commodity] [the interest rate]

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
[the non-equity security] [the fund unit] [the futures contract (if 
applicable, including determination of the Relevant Expiration 
Months)] [the reference rate] [the Basket]: [●]] 
[in the case of an Index as the Underlying add the following text: (the 
"Index"), [as maintained, calculated and published by [●] (the "Index 
Sponsor")] [as maintained by [●] (the "Index Sponsor") and calculated 
and published by [●] (the "Index Calculator")].] 
[in the case of a certificate representing shares as the Underlying insert, 
if appropriate, the following text: [also "ADR")] [(also "GDR")] [(also 
"DR")]. In such context, the Share underlying [the ADR] [the GDR] 
[the DR] is also referred to as the "Underlying Share".] 
[in the case of a fund unit as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the 
following text: (the "Fund Unit") in the [●] (the "Fund").] 
[in the case of a Basket as the Underlying add the following text: (the 
"Basket"), comprising the Basket Components, as calculated and 
published by [●] [the Calculation Agent].] 
[in the case of an Index as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the 
following text: (the "Index(i=1)"), [as maintained, calculated and 
published by [●] (the "Index Sponsor(i=1)")] [as maintained by [●] (the 
"Index Sponsor(i=1)") and calculated and published by [●] (the "Index 
Calculator(i=1)")]] [in the case of a fund unit as the Underlying insert, if 
appropriate, the following text: (the "Fund Unit(i=1)") in the [●] (the 
"Fund(i=n)")] [in the case of a certificate representing shares as the 
Underlying insert, if appropriate, the following text: [(also "ADR(i=1)")] 
[(also "GDR(i=1)")] (In such context, the Share(i=1) underlying [the 
ADR(i=1)] [the GDR(i=1)] is also referred to as the "Underlying 
Share(i=1)" and the Underlying Share(i=1) together with [the ADR(i=1)] 
[the GDR(i=1)] as the "Share(i=1)")]; [●] and the Underlying(i=n) equals [, 
subject to a Roll Over in accordance with § 6 (j) of the Conditions of 
the Securities,] [insert description of [the share or of the American 
Depositary Receipt or the Global Depositary Receipt on the share] [the 
Index] [the currency exchange rate] [the precious metal] [the 
commodity] [the interest rate] [the non-equity security] [the fund unit] 
[the futures contract (if applicable, including determination of the 
Relevant Expiration Months)] [the reference rate]: [●]] [in the case of 
an Index as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the following text: (the 
"Index(i=n)"), [as maintained, calculated and published by [●] (the 
"Index Sponsor(i=n)")] [as maintained by [●] (the "Index Sponsor(i=n)") 
and calculated and published by [●] (the "Index Calculator(i=n)")]] [in 
the case of a fund unit as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the 
following text: (the "Fund Unit(i=n)") in the [●] (the "Fund(i=n)")] [in the 
case of a certificate representing shares as the Underlying insert, if 
appropriate, the following text: [(also "ADR(i=n)")] [(also "GDR(i=n)")] 
(In such context, the Share(i=n) underlying [the ADR(i=n)] [the GDR(i=n)] 
is also referred to as the "Underlying Share(i=n)".] 
The term "Underlying" [or "Index" [, "Index Calculator"] and "Index 
Sponsor", as the case may be, ] [or "Fund Unit" and "Fund", as the 
case may be] [●] shall also refer to all Underlyings(i=1) to (i=n) [and to all 
Indices(i=1) to (i=n)[, to all Index Calculators(i=1) to (i=n)] and all Index 
Sponsors(i=1) to (i=n), as the case may be] [and to all Fund Units(i=1) to (i=n) 
and all Funds(i=1) to (i=n), as the case may be] [●].] 
[[The Underlying is] [The Underlyings are] [expressed in] [converted 
into] [related to] [the Underlying Currency] [●].] 
[In this context, the individual underlying values or components of [the]

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
[an] Underlying are referred to as a "Component" or, as the case may 
be, the "Components".]] 
[In this context, [[each] [the] Index Sponsor has control over the 
provision of the Index (administrator) within the meaning of the 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in certain 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds, as amended (the "Benchmark 
Regulation")] [●].]] 
 
["Valuation Averaging 
Date" 
[The Valuation Averaging Date means [•].] 
 
[The Valuation Averaging Date([•]=1) means the [•]; and 
 
the Valuation Averaging Date([•]=n) means [the [•]] [(i) in the case of an 
exercise by the Securityholder in accordance with § [•] of the 
Conditions of the Securities, subject to an effective exercise procedure, 
[the relevant Exercise Date] [the day immediately succeeding the 
relevant Exercise Date] [•]] [and] [(ii) in the case of an Automatic 
Exercise in accordance with § [•] of the Conditions of the Securities 
[the Automatic Exercise Date] [the day immediately succeeding the 
Automatic Exercise Date] [•].] 
 
The term "Valuation Averaging Date" shall also refer to all Valuation 
Averaging Dates([•]=1) to ([•]=n).] 
 
If one of these days is not [an Underlying] [a Basket Component] 
Calculation Date in relation to [the Underlying] [an Underlying[•]] [a 
Basket Component[•]], [•] [the immediately [preceding] [succeeding] 
[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date is deemed to be the 
relevant Valuation Averaging Date in relation to 
[the Underlying] 
[the affected [Underlying[•]] [Basket Component[•]]] 
[the aggregate [Underlyings] [Basket Components]] ].] 
 
["Valuation Date" 
[The Valuation Date means [●].] 
[The Valuation Date means [the [●]] [(i) in the case of an exercise by 
the Securityholder in accordance with § [●] of the Conditions of the 
Securities, subject to an effective exercise procedure, [the relevant 
Exercise Date] [the day immediately succeeding the relevant Exercise 
Date] [●]] [and] [(ii) in the case of a redemption of the Securities by the 
Issuer in accordance with § [●] of the Conditions of the Securities, the 
relevant Issuer Exercise Date] [and] [(iii) in the case of an Automatic 
Exercise in accordance with § [●] of the Conditions of the Securities 
[the Automatic Exercise Date] [the day immediately succeeding the 
Automatic Exercise Date] [●]].] 
If this day is not [a Fund Business Day] [an Exchange Business Day] 
[[an Underlying] [a Basket Component] Calculation Date] in relation to 
[the Underlying] [an Underlying(i)] [a Basket Component(i)], [the 
immediately [preceding] [succeeding] [Fund Business Day] [Exchange 
Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] is 
the deemed to be the relevant Valuation Date in relation to 
[the Underlying]

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
[the affected [Underlying(i)] [Basket Component(i)]] 
[the aggregate [Underlyings] [Basket Components]] ]. ] 
 
["Valuation Time" 
The Valuation Time means [●] 
[[●] hrs local time [Copenhagen, Denmark] [Zurich, Switzerland)] 
[[the time of the official determination of the [Price] [[●] price] of the 
[Underlying] [respective Underlying(i)] [by the Index Sponsor] [or the 
Index Calculator, as the case may be] [by the Relevant Reference 
Agent].] 
[in the case of a Basket as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the 
following text: [relevant local time for each Basket Component(i)] [the 
time of the official determination of the [Price] [[●]] price of each 
Basket Component(i)] [by the Index Sponsor] [by the Relevant 
Reference Agent].]

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
2.3 
Product Terms Part 2: Special Conditions of the Securities 
 
 
 
 
§ 1 
Option Right 
1. 
Option Right of the Securityholders 
 
The Issuer hereby warrants to the Securityholder (§ 4 (2) of these Conditions) of each (1) Security relating 
to the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to and Underlying 
comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] in accordance with these Conditions that such Securityholder 
shall have the right (the "Option Right") to receive, subject to the occurrence of a Stop Loss Event in 
accordance with § 2 of these Conditions, the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted 
into the Redemption Currency,] [multiplied by [the Leverage Factor] [the Multiplier] [, expressed as a 
decimal number,]] [and] commercially rounded to [two] [●] decimal places (the "Redemption 
Amount"). 
2. 
Settlement Amount 
 
The "Settlement Amount" is 
 
[subject to the payment of the Minimum Settlement Amount,] calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
[Max [0.001; (Settlement Price - Current Financing Level)]] 
 
[Max [0.001; (Reference Price - Current Financing Level)]] 
 
[Max [0; (Settlement Price - Current Financing Level)]] 
 
[Max [0; (Reference Price - Current Financing Level)]] 
3. 
Adjustment of the Financing Level 
 
On each Adjustment Date and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time, the Initial Financing Level 
and, thereafter, any then current financing level (each the "Financing Level") is adjusted by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Financing 
Level (being current on such Adjustment Date) is referred to as "Current Financing Level": 
 
 
 
(The result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [●] decimal places) 
For the avoidance of doubt: For the calculation of the respective subsequent Current Financing Level, 
FLevel(Old) not rounded will be used. 
 
The Current Financing Level will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding 
the Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time 
1. Turbo's Long

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
[Copenhagen, Denmark] [Zurich, Switzerland)] [●])]] [●] on the website of the Issuer at 
www.home.saxo.com.  
 
[Whereby:] 
 
["Adjustment Date" means [●]. [If this day is not [Exchange Business Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date] [●], the immediately succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] 
[Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●] is the relevant Adjustment Date.]] 
 
["Adjustment Time" means [●].] 
 
 
["Initial Financing Level" equals [●]. 
 
["FLevel(Old)" means the Financing Level on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment.] 
 
Following the Initial Financing Spread, "FSpread" means the financing spread, which is set on any 
Adjustment Date to be a value between [●] per cent. [(including)] and [●] per cent. [(including)], as 
determined at the Calculation Agent’s reasonable discretion. The "Initial Financing Spread" equals [●] 
per cent.] 
 
["Rate" means [the prevailing rate for deposits in the Financing Level Currency] [(London Interbank 
Offered Rate (LIBOR))] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] [Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] [SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [minus [the]] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] 
[Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] 
[SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [●] as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion on the relevant Adjustment Date].] 
 
If (i) the Rate is no longer displayed or is discontinued permanently without an official legal successor 
rate, (ii) a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Rate has been issued that (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of such 
Rate) it has ceased publishing such Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a 
specified future date, (iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Rate 
has been issued that, in the view of such supervisor, such Rate is or will, by a specified future date, be no 
longer representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Rate has materially 
changed; or (iv) the administrator of the relevant rate fails to obtain or maintain any necessary approvals 
or registrations, the Issuer is entitled to replace the Rate by another rate (which may include an adjustment 
spread (which may be positive or negative)), representing, at the reasonable discretion of the Calculation 
Agent, an economically comparable concept, (the "Successor Rate"). The Successor Rate and the date 
it is applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay by way of publication pursuant to § 
14 of these Conditions.]  
 
["Dividend" (if applicable) means [●] [dividend or similar payments, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent at its reasonable discretion, distributed to hypothetical holders of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, 
insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]], whereby the 
ex-dividend day of such payment on the Relevant Exchange is between the current and the immediately 
succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●]].] 
 
[["Dividend Costs" (applicable only on case of performance indices as Underlying or, as the case may 
be, Basket Component) means an amount, which increases following [the relevant Adjustment Date] [●], 
on which the relevant share of the company included in [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different 
point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] is traded "ex dividend", [the 
Financing Level(Old)] [the Strike(Old) or, as the case may be, the Knock-Out Barrier(Old)] [, provided that 
this ex dividend day is between the current and the immediately succeeding [Exchange Business Day]

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
[[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●]]. The Dividend Costs are determined at 
Calculation Agent’s reasonable discretion as being those taxes or other charges and costs, which are 
levied in the context of the distribution of the dividends [by way of any withholdings] [, to the extent that 
these may not be credited].][●]]"] 
 
["DivFactor" (if applicable) means [●] [a dividend factor, which reflects any taxation applied on 
dividends. On any Adjustment Date, the DivFactor is determined at the Calculation Agent’s reasonable 
discretion to be a value between 0 per cent. (including) and 100 per cent. (including)].] 
 
["n" means the number of calendar days from the current Adjustment Date (excluding) to the immediately 
succeeding Adjustment Date (including).] 
 
["Financing Level Currency" means [●].] 
4. 
Determinations and Calculations in connection with the Option Right 
 
Any determinations and calculations in connection with the Option Right, in particular the calculation of 
the Redemption Amount, will be made by the Calculation Agent. Determinations and calculations made 
in this respect by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
 
§ 2 
Stop Loss Event 
1. 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Stop Loss Event 
 
If a Stop Loss Event (§ 2 (3) of these Conditions) occurs, the Option Right expires on such day (the 
"Stop Loss Expiration Date") and the Securities become invalid. In this case, the Securityholder is 
entitled to receive with respect to each Security it holds the Stop Loss Redemption Amount (§ 2 (2) of 
these Conditions) in the Redemption Currency (also the "Redemption Amount"). 
2. 
Stop Loss Redemption Amount 
 
The "Stop Loss Redemption Amount" means [, subject to the payment of the Minimum Settlement 
Amount,] an amount in the Redemption Currency, which is determined by the Calculation Agent at its 
reasonable discretion [, considering the hedging transactions of the Issuer with the Hedging 
Counterparty,] [as the fair market price of a Security] on the Stop Loss Expiration Date]. 
3. 
Occurrence of Stop Loss Event 
 
A "Stop Loss Event" shall occur, if 
 
[in the case of Securities with a period related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [during] [the Term of the Securities] [following] [the Fixing Date] [the Issue Date] [the 
Start of the public offer of the Securities] [●]] the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert 
different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] is equal to or below 
the Current Stop Loss Level.] 
 
[in the case of Securities with a record day related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [at [●] hrs. (local time [●] on [the Valuation Date] [the Final Valuation Date] [●] the Price 
of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the 
Base Prospectus: [●]] is equal to or below the Current Stop Loss Level.]

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
[If, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at their reasonable discretion, a Market 
Disruption (§ 11 (3) of these Conditions) prevails on any day relevant for the determination of the 
occurrence of a Stop Loss Event, the Calculation Agent will, at its reasonable discretion and taking into 
account (i) the market conditions then prevailing and (ii) such other conditions or factors as the Issuer 
and the Calculation Agent reasonably consider to be relevant, estimate the relevant Price of the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, the relevant Price of the (affected) Basket Component or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be 
applicable, the relevant price of the affected Component in relation to the occurrence of a Stop Loss 
Event (which for the avoidance of doubt could be zero (0)) on the basis of the latest Prices of the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, Prices of the Basket Component or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, prices of the 
affected Component available to the Issuer or the Calculation Agent.] 
 
[(Regular trading hours on regular trading days apply.)] 
4. 
Adjustment of the Stop Loss Level 
 
On each Adjustment Date and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time, the Initial Stop Loss Level 
and, thereafter, any then current Stop Loss Level (each a "Stop Loss Level") is adjusted by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Stop Loss 
Level (being current on such Adjustment Date) is referred to as the "Current Stop Loss Level": 
 
 
 
(The result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [●] decimal places) 
For the avoidance of doubt: For the calculation of the respective subsequent Current Stop Loss Level, 
the Financing Level not rounded will be used. 
 
The Current Stop Loss Level will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding 
the Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] (local time [Copenhagen, 
Denmark / Zurich, Switzerland)] [●])]] [●] on the website of the Issuer at www.home.saxo.com. 
 
[Whereby:] 
 
["Adjustment Date" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Adjustment Time" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
Following the Initial Stop Loss Premium, the "Stop Loss Premium" is set on any Adjustment Date to 
be a value between [●] per cent. [(including)] and [●] per cent. [(including)], as determined at the 
Calculation Agent’s reasonable discretion.] 
 
[The "Initial Stop Loss Level" equals [●]. 
 
["Stop Loss Level Currency" means [●].]

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
§ 3 
Exercise Procedure; Exercise Notice [; Exercise Date] 
1. 
Exercise Procedure 
 
The Option Right may in each case [only] be exercised by the Securityholder [every [●]] [, for the first 
time on [●]] [, following [●]] [daily] [on] [a Banking Day [, which also is [an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date,] [within the Exercise Period] ([the] [each an] "Exercise Date" [(If [this 
day][one of these days] is not an Exchange Business Day, the immediately succeeding Exchange 
Business Day is deemed to be the relevant Exercise Date.)])] [until the Exercise Time] [[the] [any] 
Exercise Date] [(with effect as of such Exercise Date)] and in accordance with the exercise procedure 
described below. 
 
[In the case of Securities providing for a Minimum Exercise Size add the following text: 
2. 
Minimum Exercise Size 
 
Except when Automatic Exercise applies, the Option Rights may [, subject to § 2 ([3] [4]) of these 
Conditions,] only be exercised in a number equal to the Minimum Exercise Size. An exercise of more 
than the Minimum Exercise Size of the Securities that is not an integral multiple thereof will be deemed 
to be an exercise of a number of Securities that is equal to the Minimum Exercise Size or the next lowest 
integral multiple of the Minimum Exercise Size.] 
[2.][3.]   Exercise of the Option Rights 
 
For a valid exercise of the Option Rights the following conditions have to be met on the relevant Exercise 
Date until the Exercise Time: 
 
a) The [Paying Agent][Issuer] must receive written and legally signed notice by the Securityholder 
stating his intention to exercise the Option Right securitised in the Security (the "Exercise 
Notice"). The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and binding and shall contain among other things 
(a) the name of the Securityholder, (b) an indication of the number of Securities to be exercised 
and (c) the account of the Securityholder with the Issuer, to which the transfer of the Redemption 
Amount, if any, shall be effected. 
 
b) the effected transfer of the respective Securities to the Issuer by crediting the Securities to the 
client securities account maintained by the Issuer with the Settlement Bank. 
 
If these conditions are met after lapse of the Exercise Time on the Exercise Date, the Option Right shall 
be deemed to be exercised on the immediately succeeding Exercise Date [provided that such day falls 
within the Exercise Period].] 
 
[3.][4.]   Calculations 
 
Upon exercise of the Option Rights as well as determination of [the Reference Price] [the Settlement 
Price] of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised 
in the Base Prospectus: [●]] the Calculation Agent (§ 12 of these Conditions) shall calculate the 
Redemption Amount payable, if any, either corresponding to the number of Securities actually delivered 
or to the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, whichever is lower. In case the number 
of Securities actually delivered is higher than the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, 
any remaining excess amount with respect to the Securities delivered will be returned to the relevant 
Securityholder.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
[4.][5.]   Exercise by the Issuer 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled [on each [●]] [and] [, for the first time on [●] (including),] and subject to a 
period of notice of [●], to terminate and redeem the Securities not yet exercised by way of publication 
pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions on any Exercise Date (such day is referred to as the "Issuer Exercise 
Date"), with effect as of such Issuer Exercise Date. 
 
In the case of a redemption by the Issuer in accordance with the paragraph above, the Issuer shall pay to 
each Securityholder an amount equal to the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted 
into the Redemption Currency,] [multiplied by [the Leverage Factor] [the Multiplier] [, expressed as a 
decimal number,]] [and] commercially rounded to [two] [●] decimal places (also the "Redemption 
Amount").

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
 
 
 
§ 1 
Option Right 
1. 
Option Right of the Securityholders 
 
The Issuer hereby warrants to the Securityholder (§ 4 (2) of these Conditions) of each (1) Security relating 
to the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying 
comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] in accordance with these Conditions that such Securityholder 
shall have the right (the "Option Right") to receive, subject to the occurrence of a Stop Loss Event in 
accordance with § 2 of these Conditions, the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted 
into the Redemption Currency,] [multiplied by [the Leverage Factor] [the Multiplier] [, expressed as a 
decimal number,]] [and] commercially rounded to [two] [●] decimal places (the "Redemption 
Amount"). 
2. 
Settlement Amount 
 
The "Settlement Amount" is 
 
[, subject to the payment of the Minimum Settlement Amount,] calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
[Max [0.001; (Current Financing Level - Settlement Price)]] 
 
[Max [0.001; (Current Financing Level - Reference Price)]] 
 
[Max [0; (Current Financing Level - Settlement Price)]] 
 
[Max [0; (Current Financing Level - Reference Price)]] 
3. 
Adjustment of the Financing Level 
 
On each Adjustment Date and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time, the Initial Financing Level 
and, thereafter, any then current financing level (each the "Financing Level") is adjusted by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Financing 
Level (being current on such Adjustment Date) is referred to as "Current Financing Level": 
 
 
 
(The result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [●] decimal places) 
For the avoidance of doubt: For the calculation of the respective subsequent Current Financing Level, 
FLevel(Old) not rounded will be used. 
 
The Current Financing Level will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding 
the Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time 
[Copenhagen, Denmark] [Zurich, Switzerland] [●])]] [●] on the website of the Issuer at 
www.home.saxo.com. 
2. Turbo's Short

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
[Whereby:] 
 
"Adjustment Date" means [●]. [If this day is not [Exchange Business Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date] [●], the immediately succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] 
[Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●] is the relevant Adjustment Date.]] 
 
["Adjustment Time" means [●].] 
 
["Initial Financing Level" equals [●].] 
 
["FLevel(Old)" means the Financing Level on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment. 
 
Following the Initial Financing Spread, "FSpread" means the financing spread, which is set on any 
Adjustment Date to be a value between [●] per cent. [(including)] and [●] per cent. [(including)], as 
determined at the Calculation Agent’s reasonable discretion. The "Initial Financing Spread" equals [●] 
per cent.] 
 
["Rate" means [the prevailing rate for deposits in the Financing Level Currency] [(London Interbank 
Offered Rate (LIBOR))] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] [Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] [SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [minus [the]] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] 
[Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] 
[SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [●] as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion on the relevant Adjustment Date].] 
 
If (i) the Rate is no longer displayed or is discontinued permanently without an official legal successor 
rate, (ii) a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Rate has been issued that (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of such 
Rate) it has ceased publishing such Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a 
specified future date, (iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Rate 
has been issued that, in the view of such supervisor, such Rate is or will, by a specified future date, be no 
longer representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Rate has materially 
changed; or (iv) the administrator of the relevant rate fails to obtain or maintain any necessary approvals 
or registrations, the Issuer is entitled to replace the Rate by another rate (which may include an adjustment 
spread (which may be positive or negative)), representing, at the reasonable discretion of the Calculation 
Agent, an economically comparable concept, (the "Successor Rate"). The Successor Rate and the date 
it is applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay by way of publication pursuant to § 
14 of these Conditions.]  
 
["Dividend" (if applicable) means [●] [dividend or similar payments, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent at its reasonable discretion, distributed to hypothetical holders of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, 
insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]], whereby the 
ex-dividend day of such payment on the Relevant Exchange is between the current and the immediately 
succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●]].] 
 
["DivFactor" (if applicable) means [●] [a dividend factor, which reflects any taxation applied on 
dividends. On any Adjustment Date, the DivFactor is determined at the Calculation Agent’s reasonable 
discretion to be a value between 0 per cent. (including) and 100 per cent. (including)].] 
 
["n" means the number of calendar days from the current Adjustment Date (excluding) to the immediately 
succeeding Adjustment Date (including).] 
 
"Financing Level Currency" means [●].]

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
4. 
Determinations and Calculations in connection with the Option Right 
 
Any determinations and calculations in connection with the Option Right, in particular the calculation of 
the Redemption Amount, will be made by the Calculation Agent. Determinations and calculations made 
in this respect by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
 
§ 2 
Stop Loss Event 
1. 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Stop Loss Event 
 
If a Stop Loss Event (§ 2 (3) of these Conditions) occurs, the Option Right expires on such day (the 
"Stop Loss Expiration Date") and the Securities become invalid. In this case, the Securityholder is 
entitled to receive with respect to each Security it holds the Stop Loss Redemption Amount (§ 2 (2) of 
these Conditions) in the Redemption Currency (also the "Redemption Amount"). 
2. 
Stop Loss Redemption Amount 
 
The "Stop Loss Redemption Amount" means [, subject to the payment of the Minimum Settlement 
Amount,] an amount in the Redemption Currency, which is determined by the Calculation Agent at its 
reasonable discretion [, considering the hedging transactions of the Issuer with the Hedging 
Counterparty,] [as the fair market price of a Security] on the Stop Loss Expiration Date]. 
3. 
Occurrence of Stop Loss Event 
 
A "Stop Loss Event" shall occur, if 
 
[in the case of Securities with a period related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [during ] [the Term of the Securities] [following] [the Fixing Date] [the Issue Date] [the 
Start of the public offer of the Securities] [●]] the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different 
point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] is equal to or above the 
Current Stop Loss Level.] 
 
[in the case of Securities with a record day related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [at [●] hrs. (local time [●] on [the Valuation Date] [the Final Valuation Date] [●] the Price 
of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the 
Base Prospectus: [●]] is equal to or above the Current Stop Loss Level.] 
 
[If, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at their reasonable discretion, a Market 
Disruption (§ 11 (3) of these Conditions) prevails on any day relevant for the determination of the 
occurrence of a Stop Loss Event, the Calculation Agent will, at its reasonable discretion and taking into 
account (i) the market conditions then prevailing and (ii) such other conditions or factors as the Issuer 
and the Calculation Agent reasonably consider to be relevant, estimate the relevant Price of the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, the relevant Price of the (affected) Basket Component or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be 
applicable, the relevant price of the affected Component in relation to the occurrence of a Stop Loss 
Event (which for the avoidance of doubt could be zero (0)) on the basis of the latest Prices of the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, Prices of the Basket Component or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, prices of the

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
affected Component available to the Issuer or the Calculation Agent.] 
 
[(Regular trading hours on regular trading days apply.)] 
4. 
Adjustment of the Stop Loss Level 
 
On each Adjustment Date and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time, the Initial Stop Loss Level 
and, thereafter, any then current Stop Loss Level (each a "Stop Loss Level") is adjusted by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Stop Loss 
Level (being current on such Adjustment Date) is referred to as the "Current Stop Loss Level": 
 
 
 
(The result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [●] decimal places) 
For the avoidance of doubt: For the calculation of the respective subsequent Current Stop Loss Level, 
the Financing Level not rounded will be used. 
 
The Current Stop Loss Level will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding 
the Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time 
[Copenhagen, Denmark / Zurich, Switzerland)] [●])]] [●] on website of the Issuer at 
www.home.saxo.com. 
 
[Whereby:] 
 
"Adjustment Date" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
[Following the Initial Stop Loss Premium, the "Stop Loss Premium" is set on any Adjustment Date to 
be a value between [●] per cent. [(including)] and [●] per cent. [(including)], as determined at the 
Calculation Agent’s reasonable discretion.] 
 
[The "Initial Stop Loss Level" equals [●].] 
 
["Stop Loss Level Currency" means [●].] 
 
§ 3 
Exercise Procedure; Exercise Notice [; Exercise Date] 
1. 
Exercise Procedure 
 
The Option Right may in each case [only] be exercised by the Securityholder [every [●]] [, for the first 
time on [●]] [, following [●]] [daily] [on] [a Banking Day [, which also is [an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date,] [within the Exercise Period] ([the] [each an] "Exercise Date" [(If [this 
day] [one of these days] is not an Exchange Business Day, the immediately succeeding Exchange 
Business Day is deemed to be the relevant Exercise Date.)])] [until the Exercise Time] [[the] [any] 
Exercise Date] [(with effect as of such Exercise Date)] and in accordance with the exercise procedure 
described below. 
 
[In the case of Securities providing for a Minimum Exercise Size add the following text: 
2. 
Minimum Exercise Size 
 
Except when Automatic Exercise applies, the Option Rights may [, subject to § 2 ([3] [4]) of these 
Conditions,] only be exercised in a number equal to the Minimum Exercise Size. An exercise of more 
than the Minimum Exercise Size of the Securities that is not an integral multiple thereof will be deemed 
to be an exercise of a number of Securities that is equal to the Minimum Exercise Size or the next lowest

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
integral multiple of the Minimum Exercise Size.] 
 
[2.][3.]   Exercise of the Option Rights 
 
For a valid exercise of the Option Rights the following conditions have to be met on the relevant Exercise 
Date until the Exercise Time: 
 
a) The [Paying Agent][Issuer] must receive written and legally signed notice by the Securityholder 
stating his intention to exercise the Option Right securitised in the Security (the "Exercise 
Notice"). The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and binding and shall contain among other things 
(a) the name of the Securityholder, (b) an indication of the number of Securities to be exercised 
and (c) the account of the Securityholder with the Issuer, to which the transfer of the Redemption 
Amount, if any, shall be effected. 
 
b) the effected transfer of the respective Securities to the Issuer by crediting the Securities to the 
client securities account maintained by the Issuer with the Settlement Bank. 
 
If these conditions are met after lapse of the Exercise Time on the Exercise Date, the Option Right shall 
be deemed to be exercised on the immediately succeeding Exercise Date [provided that such day falls 
within the Exercise Period].] 
 
[3.][4.]   Calculations 
 
Upon exercise of the Option Rights as well as determination of [the Reference Price] [the Settlement 
Price] of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised 
in the Base Prospectus: [●]] the Calculation Agent (§ 12 of these Conditions) shall calculate the 
Redemption Amount payable, if any, either corresponding to the number of Securities actually delivered 
or to the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, whichever is lower. In case the number 
of Securities actually delivered is higher than the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, 
any remaining excess amount with respect to the Securities delivered will be returned to the relevant 
Securityholder. 
 
[4.][5.]   Exercise by the Issuer 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled [on each [●]] [and] [, for the first time on [●] (including),] and subject to a 
period of notice of [●], to terminate and redeem the Securities not yet exercised by way of publication 
pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions on any Exercise Date (such day is referred to as the "Issuer Exercise 
Date"), with effect as of such Issuer Exercise Date. 
 
In the case of a redemption by the Issuer in accordance with the paragraph above, the Issuer shall pay to 
each Securityholder an amount equal to the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted 
into the Redemption Currency,] [multiplied by [the Leverage Factor] [the Multiplier] [, expressed as a 
decimal number,]] [and] commercially rounded to [two] [●] decimal places (also the "Redemption 
Amount").

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
 
 
 
§ 1 
Option Right 
1. 
Option Right of the Securityholders 
 
The Issuer hereby warrants to the Securityholder (§ 4 (2) of these Conditions) of each (1) Security relating 
to the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying 
comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] in accordance with these Conditions that such Securityholder 
shall have the right (the "Option Right") to receive, subject to the occurrence of a Knock Out Event in 
accordance with § 2 of these Conditions, the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted 
into the Redemption Currency,] [multiplied by [the Leverage Factor] [the Multiplier] [, expressed as a 
decimal number,]] [and] commercially rounded to [two] [●] decimal places (the "Redemption 
Amount"). 
2. 
Settlement Amount 
 
The "Settlement Amount" is 
 
[, subject to the payment of the Minimum Settlement Amount,] calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
[Max [0.001; (Settlement Price - Current Strike)] 
 
[Max [0.001; (Reference Price - Current Strike)] 
 
[Max [0; (Settlement Price - Current Strike)] 
 
[Max [0; (Reference Price - Current Strike)] 
3. 
Adjustment of the Strike 
 
On each Adjustment Date and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time, the Initial Strike and, 
thereafter, any then current strike (each the "Strike") is adjusted by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Strike (being current on such Adjustment Date) 
is referred to as "Current Strike": 
 
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two][four] [●] decimal places) 
For the avoidance of doubt: For the calculation of the respective subsequent Current Strike, Strike(Old) not 
rounded will be used. 
 
The Current Strike will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding the 
3. Turbo' XL Long

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])] [●] on 
the website of the Issuer at www.home.saxo.com. 
 
[Whereby:] 
 
["Adjustment Date" means [●]. [If this day is not [Exchange Business Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date] [●], the immediately succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] 
[Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●] is the relevant Adjustment Date.]]  
 
["Adjustment Time" means [●].] 
 
["Initial Strike" equals [●].] 
 
["Strike(Old)" means the Strike on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment 
 
Following the Initial Financing Spread, "FSpread" means the financing spread, which is set on any 
Adjustment Date to be a value between [●] per cent. [(including)] and [●] per cent. [(including)], as 
determined at the Calculation Agent’s reasonable discretion. The "Initial Financing Spread" equals 
[●].] 
 
["Rate" means [the prevailing rate for deposits in the Financing Level Currency] [(London Interbank 
Offered Rate (LIBOR))] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] [Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] [SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [minus [the]] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] 
[Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] 
[SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [●] as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion on the relevant Adjustment Date].] 
 
If (i) the Rate is no longer displayed or is discontinued permanently without an official legal successor 
rate, (ii) a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Rate has been issued that (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of such 
Rate) it has ceased publishing such Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a 
specified future date, (iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Rate 
has been issued that, in the view of such supervisor, such Rate is or will, by a specified future date, be no 
longer representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Rate has materially 
changed; or (iv) the administrator of the relevant rate fails to obtain or maintain any necessary approvals 
or registrations, the Issuer is entitled to replace the Rate by another rate (which may include an adjustment 
spread (which may be positive or negative)), representing, at the reasonable discretion of the Calculation 
Agent, an economically comparable concept, (the "Successor Rate"). The Successor Rate and the date 
it is applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay by way of publication pursuant to § 
14 of these Conditions.]  
 
["Dividend" (if applicable) means [●] [dividend or similar payments, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent at its reasonable discretion, distributed to hypothetical holders of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, 
insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]], whereby the 
ex dividend day of such payment on the Relevant Exchange is between the current and the immediately 
succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●]].] 
 
["Dividend Costs" (applicable only on case of performance indices as Underlying or, as the case may 
be, Basket Component) means an amount, which increases following [the relevant Adjustment Date] [●], 
on which the relevant share of the company included in [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different 
point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] is traded "ex dividend", [the 
Financing Level(Old)] [the Strike(Old) or, as the case may be, the Knock-Out Barrier(Old)] [, provided that 
this ex dividend day is between the current and the immediately succeeding [Exchange Business Day]

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
[[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●]]. The Dividend Costs are determined at 
Calculation Agent’s reasonable discretion as being those taxes or other charges and costs, which are 
levied in the context of the distribution of the dividends [by way of any withholdings] [, to the extent that 
these may not be credited].][●]]" 
 
["DivFactor" (if applicable) means [●] [a dividend factor, which reflects any taxation applied on 
dividends. On any Adjustment Date, the Dividend Factor is determined at the Calculation Agent’s 
reasonable discretion to be a value between 0 per cent. (including) and 100 per cent. (including)].] 
 
["n" means the number of calendar days from the current Adjustment Date (excluding) to the immediately 
succeeding Adjustment Date (including).] 
 
["Strike Currency" means [●].] 
4. 
Determinations and Calculations in connection with the Option Right 
 
Any determinations and calculations in connection with the Option Right, in particular the calculation of 
the Redemption Amount, will be made by the Calculation Agent. Determinations and calculations made 
in this respect by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
 
§ 2 
Knock Out Event 
1. 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Knock Out Event 
 
If a Knock Out Event (§ 2 (2) of these Conditions) occurs, the Option Right expires worthless on such 
day (the "Knock Out Expiration Date") and the Securities become invalid. 
2. 
Occurrence of a Knock Out Event 
 
A "Knock Out Event" shall occur, if 
 
[in the case of Securities with a period related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [during ] [the Term of the Securities] [following] [the Fixing Date] [the Issue Date] [the 
Start of the public offer of the Securities] [●]] the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert 
different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] is equal to or below 
the Current Knock Out Barrier.] 
 
[in the case of Securities with a record day related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [at [●] hrs. (local time [●] on [the Valuation Date] [the Final Valuation Date] [●] the Price 
of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the 
Base Prospectus: [●]] is equal to or below the Current Knock Out Barrier.] 
 
[(Regular trading hours on regular trading days apply.)] 
3. 
Adjustment of the Knock Out Barrier 
 
On each Adjustment Date and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time, the Initial Knock Out Barrier 
and, thereafter, any then current Knock Out Barrier (each a "Knock Out Barrier") is adjusted by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Knock Out 
Barrier (being current on such Adjustment Date) is referred to as the "Current Knock Out Barrier":

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two][four] [●] decimal places) 
 
For the avoidance of doubt: For the calculation of the respective subsequent Current Knock Out Barrier, 
KOB(Old) not rounded will be used. 
 
The Current Knock Out Barrier will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately 
succeeding the Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local 
time [●])]] [●] on the website of the Issuer at www.home.saxo.com. 
 
[Whereby:] 
 
["Adjustment Date" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Adjustment Time" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Initial Knock Out Barrier" equals [●].] 
 
["KOB(Old)" means the Knock Out Barrier on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment.] 
 
["FSpread" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Rate" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Dividend" (if applicable) has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Dividend Costs" (if applicable) has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["DivFactor" (if applicable) has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["n" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Currency of the Knock Out Barrier" means [●].] 
 
§ 3 
Exercise Procedure; Exercise Notice [; Exercise Date] 
1. 
Exercise Procedure 
 
The Option Right may in each case [only] be exercised by the Securityholder [every [●]] [, for the first 
time on [●]] [, following [●]] [daily] [on] [a Banking Day [, which also is [an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date,] [within the Exercise Period] ([the] [each an] "Exercise Date" [(If [this 
day] [one of these days] is not an Exchange Business Day, the immediately succeeding Exchange 
Business Day is deemed to be the relevant Exercise Date.)])] [until the Exercise Time] [[the] [any] 
Exercise Date] [(with effect as of such Exercise Date)] and in accordance with the exercise procedure

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
described below. 
 
[in the case of Securities providing for a Minimum Exercise Size add the following text: 
2. 
Minimum Exercise Size 
 
Except when Automatic Exercise applies, the Option Rights may [, subject to § 2 ([3] [4]) of these 
Conditions,] only be exercised in a number equal to the Minimum Exercise Size. An exercise of more 
than the Minimum Exercise Size of the Securities that is not an integral multiple thereof will be deemed 
to be an exercise of a number of Securities that is equal to the Minimum Exercise Size or the next lowest 
integral multiple of the Minimum Exercise Size.] 
 
[2.][3.]   Exercise of the Option Rights 
 
For a valid exercise of the Option Rights the following conditions have to be met on the relevant Exercise 
Date until the Exercise Time: 
 
a) The [Paying Agent][Issuer] must receive written and legally signed notice by the Securityholder 
stating his intention to exercise the Option Right securitised in the Security (the "Exercise 
Notice"). The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and binding and shall contain among other things 
(a) the name of the Securityholder, (b) an indication of the number of Securities to be exercised 
and (c) the account of the Securityholder with the Issuer, to which the transfer of the Redemption 
Amount, if any, shall be effected. 
 
b) the effected transfer of the respective Securities to the Issuer by crediting the Securities to the 
client securities account maintained by the Issuer with the Settlement Bank. 
 
If these conditions are met after lapse of the Exercise Time on the Exercise Date, the Option Right shall 
be deemed to be exercised on the immediately succeeding Exercise Date [provided that such day falls 
within the Exercise Period].] 
 
[3.][4.]   Calculations 
 
Upon exercise of the Option Rights as well as determination of [the Reference Price] [the Settlement 
Price] of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised 
in the Base Prospectus: [●]] the Calculation Agent (§ 12 of these Conditions) shall calculate the 
Redemption Amount payable, if any, either corresponding to the number of Securities actually delivered 
or to the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, whichever is lower. In case the number 
of Securities actually delivered is higher than the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, 
any remaining excess amount with respect to the Securities delivered will be returned to the relevant 
Securityholder. 
 
[4.][5.]   Exercise by the Issuer 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled [on each [●]] [and] [, for the first time on [●] (including),] and subject to a 
period of notice of [●], to terminate and redeem the Securities not yet exercised by way of publication 
pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions on any Exercise Date (such day is referred to as the "Issuer Exercise 
Date"), with effect as of such Issuer Exercise Date. 
 
In the case of a redemption by the Issuer in accordance with the paragraph above, the Issuer shall pay to 
each Securityholder an amount equal to the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted 
into the Redemption Currency,] [multiplied by [the Leverage Factor] [the Multiplier] [, expressed as a 
decimal number,]] [and] commercially rounded to [two] [●] decimal places (also the "Redemption 
Amount").

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
 
 
 
§ 1 
Option Right 
1. 
Option Right of the Securityholders 
 
The Issuer hereby warrants to the Securityholder (§ 4 (2) of these Conditions) of each (1) Security relating 
to the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying 
comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] in accordance with these Conditions that such Securityholder 
shall have the right (the "Option Right") to receive, subject to the occurrence of a Knock Out Event in 
accordance with § 2 of these Conditions, the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted 
into the Redemption Currency,] [multiplied by [the Leverage Factor] [the Multiplier] [, expressed as a 
decimal number,]] [and] commercially rounded to [two] [●] decimal places (the "Redemption 
Amount"). 
2. 
Settlement Amount 
 
The "Settlement Amount" is 
 
[, subject to the payment of the Minimum Settlement Amount,] calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
[Max [0.001; (Current Strike - Settlement Price)] 
 
[Max [0.001; (Current Strike - Reference Price)] 
 
[Max [0; (Current Strike - Settlement Price)] 
 
[Max [0; (Current Strike - Reference Price)] 
3. 
Adjustment of the Strike 
 
On each Adjustment Date and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time, the Initial Strike and, 
thereafter, any then current strike (each the "Strike") is adjusted by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Strike (being current on such Adjustment Date) 
is referred to as "Current Strike": 
 
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two][four] [●] decimal places) 
 
For the avoidance of doubt: For the calculation of the respective subsequent Current Strike, Strike(Old) not 
rounded will be used. 
 
4. Turbo's XL Short

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
The Current Strike will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding the 
Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])]] [●] on 
the website of the Issuer at www.home.saxo.com. 
 
[Whereby:] 
 
["Adjustment Date" means [●]. [If this day is not [Exchange Business Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date] [●], the immediately succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] 
[Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●] is the relevant Adjustment Date.]] 
 
["Adjustment Time" means [●].] 
 
["Initial Strike" equals [●].] 
 
["Strike(Old)" means the Strike on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment 
 
Following the Initial Financing Spread, "FSpread" means the financing spread, which is set on any 
Adjustment Date to be a value between [●] per cent. [(including)] and [●] per cent. [(including)], as 
determined at the Calculation Agent’s reasonable discretion. The "Initial Financing Spread" equals [●] 
per cent.] 
 
["Rate" means [the prevailing rate for deposits in the Financing Level Currency] [(London Interbank 
Offered Rate (LIBOR))] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] [Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] [SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [minus [the]] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] 
[Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] 
[SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [●] as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion on the relevant Adjustment Date].] 
 
If (i) the Rate is no longer displayed or is discontinued permanently without an official legal successor 
rate, (ii) a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Rate has been issued that (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of such 
Rate) it has ceased publishing such Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a 
specified future date, (iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Rate 
has been issued that, in the view of such supervisor, such Rate is or will, by a specified future date, be no 
longer representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Rate has materially 
changed; or (iv) the administrator of the relevant rate fails to obtain or maintain any necessary approvals 
or registrations, the Issuer is entitled to replace the Rate by another rate (which may include an adjustment 
spread (which may be positive or negative)), representing, at the reasonable discretion of the Calculation 
Agent, an economically comparable concept, (the "Successor Rate"). The Successor Rate and the date 
it is applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay by way of publication pursuant to § 
14 of these Conditions.]  
 
["Dividend" (if applicable) means [●] [dividend or similar payments, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent at its reasonable discretion, distributed to hypothetical holders of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, 
insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]], whereby the 
ex dividend day of such payment on the Relevant Exchange is between the current and the immediately 
succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●]].] 
 
["DivFactor" (if applicable) means [●] [a dividend factor, which reflects any taxation applied on 
dividends. On any Adjustment Date, the Dividend Factor is determined at the Calculation Agent’s 
reasonable discretion to be a value between 0 per cent. (including) and 100 per cent. (including)].] 
 
["n" means the number of calendar days from the current Adjustment Date (excluding) to the immediately

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
succeeding Adjustment Date (including).] 
 
["Strike Currency" means [●].] 
4. 
Determinations and Calculations in connection with the Option Right 
 
Any determinations and calculations in connection with the Option Right, in particular the calculation of 
the Redemption Amount, will be made by the Calculation Agent. Determinations and calculations made 
in this respect by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
 
§ 2 
Knock Out Event 
1. 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Knock Out Event 
 
If a Knock Out Event (§ 2 (2) of these Conditions) occurs, the Option Right expires worthless on such 
day (the "Knock Out Expiration Date") and the Securities become invalid. 
2. 
Occurrence of a Knock Out Event 
 
A "Knock Out Event" shall occur, if 
 
[in the case of Securities with a period related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [during ] [the Term of the Securities] [following] [the Fixing Date] [the Issue Date] [the 
Start of the public offer of the Securities] [●]] the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different 
point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] is equal to or above the 
Current Knock Out Barrier.] 
 
[in the case of Securities with a record day related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [at [●] hrs. (local time [●] on [the Valuation Date] [the Final Valuation Date] [●] the Price 
of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the 
Base Prospectus: [●]] is equal to or above the Current Knock Out Barrier.] 
 
[(Regular trading hours on regular trading days apply.)] 
3. 
Adjustment of the Knock Out Barrier 
 
On each Adjustment Date and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time, the Initial Knock Out Barrier 
and, thereafter, any then current Knock Out Barrier (each a "Knock Out Barrier") is adjusted by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Knock Out 
Barrier (being current on such Adjustment Date) is referred to as the "Current Knock Out Barrier":

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two][four] [●] decimal places) 
For the avoidance of doubt: For the calculation of the respective subsequent Current Knock Out Barrier, 
KOB(Old) not rounded will be used. 
 
The Current Knock Out Barrier will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately 
succeeding the Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local 
time [●])]] [●] on the website of the Issuer at www.home.saxo.com. 
 
[Whereby:] 
 
["Adjustment Date" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Adjustment Time" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Initial Knock Out Barrier" equals [●].] 
 
["KOB(Old)" means the Knock Out Barrier on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment.] 
 
["FSpread" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Rate" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Dividend" (if applicable) has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["DivFactor" (if applicable) has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["n" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Currency of the Knock Out Barrier" means [●].] 
 
§ 3 
Exercise Procedure; Exercise Notice [; Exercise Date] 
1. 
Exercise Procedure 
 
The Option Right may in each case [only] be exercised by the Securityholder [every [●]] [, for the first 
time on [●]] [, following [●]] [daily] [on] [a Banking Day [, which also is [an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date,] [within the Exercise Period] ([the] [each an] "Exercise Date" [(If [this 
day] [one of these days] is not an Exchange Business Day, the immediately succeeding Exchange 
Business Day is deemed to be the relevant Exercise Date.)])] [until the Exercise Time] [[the] [any] 
Exercise Date] [(with effect as of such Exercise Date)] and in accordance with the exercise procedure 
described below. 
 
[in the case of Securities providing for a Minimum Exercise Size add the following text: 
2. 
Minimum Exercise Size 
 
Except when Automatic Exercise applies, the Option Rights may [, subject to § 2 ([3] [4]) of these 
Conditions,] only be exercised in a number equal to the Minimum Exercise Size. An exercise of more 
than the Minimum Exercise Size of the Securities that is not an integral multiple thereof will be deemed 
to be an exercise of a number of Securities that is equal to the Minimum Exercise Size or the next lowest 
integral multiple of the Minimum Exercise Size.]

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
[2.][3.]   Exercise of the Option Rights 
 
For a valid exercise of the Option Rights the following conditions have to be met on the relevant Exercise 
Date until the Exercise Time: 
 
a) The [Paying Agent][Issuer] must receive written and legally signed notice by the Securityholder 
stating his intention to exercise the Option Right securitised in the Security (the "Exercise 
Notice"). The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and binding and shall contain among other things 
(a) the name of the Securityholder, (b) an indication of the number of Securities to be exercised 
and (c) the account of the Securityholder with the Issuer, to which the transfer of the Redemption 
Amount, if any, shall be effected. 
 
b) the effected transfer of the respective Securities to the Issuer by crediting the Securities to the 
client securities account maintained by the Issuer with the Settlement Bank. 
 
If these conditions are met after lapse of the Exercise Time on the Exercise Date, the Option Right shall 
be deemed to be exercised on the immediately succeeding Exercise Date [provided that such day falls 
within the Exercise Period].] 
 
[3.][4.]   Calculations 
 
Upon exercise of the Option Rights as well as determination of [the Reference Price] [the Settlement 
Price] of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised 
in the Base Prospectus: [●]] the Calculation Agent (§ 12 of these Conditions) shall calculate the 
Redemption Amount payable, if any, either corresponding to the number of Securities actually delivered 
or to the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, whichever is lower. In case the number 
of Securities actually delivered is higher than the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, 
any remaining excess amount with respect to the Securities delivered will be returned to the relevant 
Securityholder. 
 
[4.][5.]   Exercise by the Issuer 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled [on each [●]] [and] [, for the first time on [●] (including),] and subject to a 
period of notice of [●], to terminate and redeem the Securities not yet exercised by way of publication 
pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions on any Exercise Date (such day is referred to as the "Issuer Exercise 
Date"), with effect as of such Issuer Exercise Date. 
 
In the case of a redemption by the Issuer in accordance with the paragraph above, the Issuer shall pay to 
each Securityholder an amount equal to the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted 
into the Redemption Currency,] [multiplied by [the Leverage Factor] [the Multiplier] [, expressed as a 
decimal number,]] [and] commercially rounded to [two] [●] decimal places (also the "Redemption 
Amount").

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
 
 
§ 1 
Option Right 
1. 
Option Right of the Securityholders 
 
The Issuer hereby warrants to the Securityholder (§ 4 (2) of these Conditions) of each (1) Security 
relating to the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an 
Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]] in accordance with these Conditions that such 
Securityholder shall have the right (the "Option Right") to receive, subject to the occurrence of a Knock 
Out Event in accordance with § 2 of these Conditions, the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these 
Conditions) [, converted into the Redemption Currency,] multiplied by Conversion Ratio (§ 1 (4)) and 
commercially rounded to [two] [four] [•] decimal places (the "Redemption Amount"). 
2. 
Settlement Amount 
 
The "Settlement Amount" is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(
)


Strike
 
Current
 - 
Price
 
Settlement
 
0.001;
Max 
 
 
(
)


Strike
 
Current
 - 
Price
 
Settlement
 
0;
Max 
 
3. 
Adjustment of the Strike 
 
On each [Adjustment Date] [•] [and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time] [•]], the Initial Strike 
and, thereafter, any then current strike (each the "Strike") is adjusted by the Calculation Agent, subject 
to the occurrence of a Reset Event (as defined in the section "Conditions of the Securities – Product 
Terms Part 1: Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities"), in accordance with the following formula, 
whereby the so adjusted new Strike (being current on such Adjustment Date) is referred to as "Current 
Strike": 
 
a) If a Reset Event (as defined in the section "Conditions of the Securities – Product Terms Part 1: 
Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities") has not occurred, the Current Strike is calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Price
 
Reference
 * 
Factor
 
Leverage
 1
 -
Factor
 
Leverage
 
 
Leverage Faktor-1
Leverage Faktor *[Relevant] Price of the Underlying 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [•] decimal places). 
 
b) If a Reset Event has occurred, the Current Strike is calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
Price
 
Event
 
Reset
 
* 
Factor
 
Leverage
 1
 -
Factor
 
Leverage
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [•] decimal places). 
 
The Current Strike will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding the 
5. Factor (Long) Certificates

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])] [●] on 
the website of the Issuer at www.home.saxo.com. 
 
[Whereby:] 
 
"Adjustment Date" [means [•]. [If this day is not [Exchange Business Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date] [•], the immediately succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] 
[Basket Component] Calculation Date] [•] is the relevant Adjustment Date]]. 
 
["Initial Strike" [equals [•]].] 
 
["Adjustment Time" [means [•]].] 
 
["[Relevant] Price of the Underlying" or "RPU" [means [•]].] 
 
"Reference Price" is as defined in § 1 (6) of these Conditions. 
 
["Reset Event Price" [•] [equals the reset event price, as determined at the Calculation Agent's 
reasonable discretion].] 
4. 
Adjustment of the Conversion Ratio 
 
On each [Adjustment Date] [•] [and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time] [•]], the Initial 
Conversion Ratio and, thereafter, any then current conversion ratio (each the "Conversion Ratio") is 
adjusted by the Calculation Agent, subject to the occurrence of a Reset Event (as defined in the section 
"Conditions of the Securities – Product Terms Part 1: Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities"), in 
accordance with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Conversion Ratio (being current on 
such Adjustment Date) is referred to as "Current Conversion Ratio": 
 
a) If a Reset Event (as defined in the section "Conditions of the Securities – Product Terms Part 1: 
Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities") has not occurred, the Current Conversion Ratio 
is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(
)
 
CFAR
 * 
0
 ;
Strike
 - 
Price
 
Settlement
max 
 * 
CR
 * 
Price
 
Reference
Factor
 
Leverage
(old)
(old)
 
 
(
)
 
CFAR
 * 
0
 ;
Strike
 - 
Price
 
Reference
max 
 * 
CR
 * 
Price
 
Reference
Factor
 
Leverage
(old)
(old)
 
 
(
)
 
CFAR
 * 
0
 ;
Strike
 -
  
Underlying
 
the
 
of
 
Price
 
[Relevant]
 
max
 * 
CR
 * 
Price
 
Reference
Factor
 
Leverage
(old)
(old)
 
 
Leverage Faktor
RPU
*CRold*max(RPU- Strikeold;0) *CFAR 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [twelve] [●] decimal places). 
 
b) If a Reset Event has occurred, the Current Conversion Ratio is calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
 
(
) 
0 ;
Strike
 - 
Price
 
Event
 
Reset
max 
 * 
CR
 * 
Price
 
Event
 
Reset
 
Factor
 
Leverage
(old)
(old)
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [twelve] [●] decimal places).

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
The Conversion Ratio will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding the 
Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])] [●] on 
the website of the Issuer at www.home.saxo.com. 
 
Whereby: 
 
"CFAR" means the Current Fee Adjustment Ratio as defined in § 1 (5) of these Conditions. 
 
["Initial Conversion Ratio" [equals [•]].] 
 
"CR(old)" means the Conversion Ratio on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment. 
 
["[Relevant] Price of the Underlying" or "RPU" [means [•]].] 
 
"Strike(Old)" means the Strike on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment. 
5. 
Adjustment of the Fee Adjustment Ratio 
 
On each [Adjustment Date] [•] [and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time] [•]], the Initial Fee 
Adjustment Ratio and, thereafter, any then current fee adjustment ratio (each the "Fee Adjustment 
Ratio") is adjusted by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, whereby the so 
adjusted new Fee Adjustment Ratio (being current on such Adjustment Date) is referred to as "Current 
Fee Adjustment Ratio" or "CFAR": 
 
(
) (
)
(
) 
FSpread
 
 
Rate
*
1 - 
Factor
 
Leverage
 
Fee
 
Security
 * 
360
 n
1
+
+
−
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [twelve] [●] decimal places). 
 
The Fee Adjustment Ratio will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding the 
Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])] [●] on 
the website of the Issuer at www.home.saxo.com. 
 
Whereby: 
 
["Initial Fee Adjustment Ratio" [equals [•]].] 
 
Following the Initial Financing Spread, "FSpread" means the financing spread, which is set on any 
Adjustment Date to be a value between [•] per cent. and [•] per cent., as determined at the Calculation 
Agent's reasonable discretion. 
 
[The "Initial Financing Spread" [equals [•] per cent].] 
 
["n" means the number of days from the current Adjustment Date (excluding) to the immediately 
succeeding Adjustment Date (including).] 
 
["Rate" means [the prevailing rate for deposits in the Financing Level Currency] [(London Interbank 
Offered Rate (LIBOR))] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] [Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] [SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [minus [the]] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] 
[Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] 
[SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [●] as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion on the relevant Adjustment Date].]

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
If (i) the Rate is no longer displayed or is discontinued permanently without an official legal successor 
rate, (ii) a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Rate has been issued that (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of such 
Rate) it has ceased publishing such Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a 
specified future date, (iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Rate 
has been issued that, in the view of such supervisor, such Rate is or will, by a specified future date, be no 
longer representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Rate has materially 
changed; or (iv) the administrator of the relevant rate fails to obtain or maintain any necessary approvals 
or registrations, the Issuer is entitled to replace the Rate by another rate (which may include an adjustment 
spread (which may be positive or negative)), representing, at the reasonable discretion of the Calculation 
Agent, an economically comparable concept, (the "Successor Rate"). The Successor Rate and the date 
it is applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay by way of publication pursuant to § 
14 of these Conditions.]  
 
Following the Initial Security Fee, "Security Fee" means a security fee, which is set on any Adjustment 
Date to be a value between [•] per cent. and [•] per cent., as determined at the Calculation Agent's 
reasonable discretion. 
 
[The "Initial Security Fee" [equals [•] per cent].] 
6. 
Calculation of the Reference Price 
 
On each [Adjustment Date] [•] [and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time] [•]], the relevant 
"Reference Price" is calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
[in case of a performance index as the Underlying or a Basket Component insert: 
 
(
)
DivCosts
 
 
DivFactor
 * 
Dividend
 - 
Price
 
Settlement
+
 
 
(
) DivCosts
 
 
DivFactor
 * 
Dividend
 - 
Underlying
 
the
 
of
 
Price
 
[Relevant]
+
 
 
[in case of any other Underlyings or Basket Components insert: 
 
(
)
DivFactor
 * 
Dividend
 - 
Price
 
Settlement
 
 
(
)
DivFactor
 * 
Dividend
 - 
Underlying
 
the
 
of
 
Price
 
[Relevant]
 
 
Whereby: 
 
["Dividend" means [•] [dividend or similar payments, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its 
reasonable discretion, distributed to hypothetical holders of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert 
different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]], whereby the ex 
dividend day of such payment on the Relevant Exchange is between the current and the immediately 
succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] [•]].] 
 
["DivFactor" means [•] [a dividend factor, which reflects any taxation applied on Dividends. On any 
Adjustment Date, the Dividend Factor is determined at the Calculation Agent's reasonable discretion to 
be a value between [0][•] per cent. (including) and [100][•] per cent. (including)].] 
 
[in case of a performance index as the Underlying or a Basket Component insert: 
 
"Dividend Costs" means [•] [an amount, which increases following [the relevant Adjustment Date] [•], 
on which the relevant share of the company included in [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]] is traded "ex dividend", the 
Strike(Old) [or, as the case may be, [the Knock-Out Barrier(Old)] [•]] [, provided that this ex dividend day 
is between the current and the immediately succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket 
Component] Calculation Date] [•]]. The Dividend Costs are determined at Calculation Agent's 
reasonable discretion as being those taxes or other charges and costs, which are levied in the context of 
the distribution of the dividends [by way of any withholdings] [, to the extent that these may not be 
credited].]]] 
 
[6.] [7.]   Calculation of the Current Reset Barrier 
 
On each [Adjustment Date] [•] [and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time] [•]], the Initial Current 
Reset Barrier and, thereafter, any then current reset barrier (each the "Reset Barrier") is adjusted by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Current Reset 
Barrier [(being current on such Adjustment Date)] [•] is referred to as "Current Reset Barrier": 
 
(
)
Premium
 
Loss
 
Stop
1
 * 
Strike
 
Current
+
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [•] decimal places). 
 
[Following the Initial Stop Loss Premium, the "Stop Loss Premium" is set on any Adjustment Date to 
be a value between [•] per cent. and [•] per cent., as determined at the Calculation Agent's reasonable 
discretion.] 
 
The Current Reset Barrier will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding the 
Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])] [●] on 
the website of the Issuer at www.home.saxo.com. 
 
[Whereby: 
 
[The "Initial Stop Loss Premium" [equals [•] per cent].] 
 
[The "Initial Current Reset Barrier" [equals [•]].]] 
[7.] [8.]   Determinations and Calculations in connection with the Option Right 
 
Any determinations and calculations in connection with the Option Right, in particular the calculation of 
the Redemption Amount, will be made by the Calculation Agent. Determinations and calculations made 
in this respect by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
 
§ 2 
Knock Out Event 
1. 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Knock Out Event 
 
If a Knock Out Event (§ 2 (3) of these Conditions) occurs, the Option Right expires on such day (the 
"Knock Out Expiration Date") and the Securities become invalid.  
 
[In this case, the Securityholder is not entitled to receive any payment with respect to each Security it 
holds.] 
 
[In this case, the Securityholder is entitled to receive with respect to each Security it holds the Knock Out 
Redemption Amount (§ 2 (2) of these Conditions) in the Redemption Currency (also the "Redemption

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
Amount"). 
2. 
Knock Out Redemption Amount 
 
The "Knock Out Redemption Amount" means an amount in the Redemption Currency equal to [the 
Minimum Settlement Amount] [•].] 
3. 
Occurrence of a Knock Out Event 
 
A "Knock Out Event" shall occur, if 
 
[in the case of Securities with a period related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [during ] [the Term of the Securities] [following] [the Fixing Date] [the Issue Date] [the 
Start of the public offer of the Securities] [•]] the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different 
point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]] is [equal to or] below the 
Current Strike.] 
 
[in the case of Securities with a record day related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [at [•] hrs. (local time [Copenhagen, Denmark] [London, United Kingdom])] on [the 
Valuation Date] [the Final Valuation Date] [the Observation Date] [an Observation Date] [a Valuation 
Averaging Date] [•] the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to 
an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]] is [equal to or] below the Current Strike.] 
 
[If, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at their reasonable discretion, a Market 
Disruption (§ 11 (3) of these Conditions) prevails on any day relevant for the determination of the 
occurrence of a Knock Out Event, the Calculation Agent will, at its reasonable discretion and taking into 
account (i) the market conditions then prevailing and (ii) such other conditions or factors as the Issuer 
and the Calculation Agent reasonably consider to be relevant, estimate the relevant Price of the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, the relevant Price of the (affected) Basket Component or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be 
applicable, the relevant price of the affected Component in relation to the occurrence of a Knock Out 
Event (which for the avoidance of doubt could be zero (0)) on the basis of the latest Prices of the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, Prices of the Basket Component or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, prices of the 
affected Component available to the Issuer or the Calculation Agent.] 
 
[(Regular trading hours on regular trading days apply.)] 
 
§ 3 
Exercise Procedure; Exercise Notice [; Exercise Date] 
1. 
Exercise Procedure 
 
The Option Right may in each case [only] be exercised by the Securityholder [every [•]] [of a calendar 
month [•]] [, for the first time on [•]] [, following [•]] [daily] [on] [a Banking Day [, which also is [an 
Underlying] [a Basket Component] Calculation Date,] [within the Exercise Period] ([the] [each an] 
"Exercise Date" [(If [this day] [one of these days] is not an Exchange Business Day, the immediately 
succeeding Exchange Business Day is deemed to be the relevant Exercise Date.)])] [until the Exercise 
Time] [[the] [any] Exercise Date] [(with effect as of such Exercise Date)] and in accordance with the

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
exercise procedure described below. 
 
[in the case of Securities providing for a Minimum Exercise Size add the following text: 
2. 
Minimum Exercise Size 
 
The Option Rights may [, subject to § 2 ([3] [4]) of these Conditions,] only be exercised in a number 
equal to the Minimum Exercise Size. An exercise of less than the Minimum Exercise Size of the 
Securities will be invalid and ineffective. An exercise of more than the Minimum Exercise Size of the 
Securities that is not an integral multiple thereof will be deemed to be an exercise of a number of 
Securities that is equal to the Minimum Exercise Size or the next lowest integral multiple of the Minimum 
Exercise Size.] 
 
[2.][3.]   Exercise of the Option Rights 
 
For a valid exercise of the Option Rights [, becoming effective as of the relevant Securityholder's 
Effective Date,] the following conditions have to be met on the relevant Exercise Date until the Exercise 
Time: 
 
a) The [Paying Agent][Issuer] must receive written and legally signed notice by the Securityholder 
stating his intention to exercise the Option Right securitised in the Security (the "Exercise 
Notice"). The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and binding and shall contain among other things 
(a) the name of the Securityholder, (b) an indication of the number of Securities to be exercised 
and (c) the account of the Securityholder with the Issuer, to which the transfer of the Redemption 
Amount, if any, shall be effected. 
 
b) the effected transfer of the respective Securities to the Issuer by crediting the Securities to the 
client securities account maintained by the Issuer with the Settlement Bank. 
 
If these conditions are met after lapse of the Exercise Time on the Exercise Date, the Option Right shall 
be deemed to be exercised on the immediately succeeding Exercise Date [provided that such day falls 
within the Exercise Period].] 
 
[3.][4.]   Calculations 
 
Upon exercise of the Option Rights as well as determination of [the Reference Price] [the Settlement 
Price] of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised 
in the Base Prospectus: [●]] the Calculation Agent (§ 12 of these Conditions) shall calculate the 
Redemption Amount payable, if any, either corresponding to the number of Securities actually delivered 
or to the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, whichever is lower. In case the number 
of Securities actually delivered is higher than the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, 
any remaining excess amount with respect to the Securities delivered will be returned to the relevant 
Securityholder. 
 
[4.][5.]   Exercise by the Issuer 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled [on each [●]] [and] [, for the first time on [●] (including),] and subject to a 
period of notice of [●], to terminate and redeem the Securities not yet exercised by way of publication 
pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions on any Exercise Date (such day is referred to as the "Issuer Exercise 
Date"), with effect as of such Issuer Exercise Date. 
 
In the case of a redemption by the Issuer in accordance with the paragraph above, the Issuer shall pay to 
each Securityholder an amount equal to the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted 
into the Redemption Currency,] multiplied by the Conversion Ratio (§ 1 (4) of these Conditions) and

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
commercially rounded to [two] [four] [●] decimal places (also the "Redemption Amount").

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
 
 
§ 1 
Option Right 
1. 
Option Right of the Securityholders 
 
The Issuer hereby warrants to the Securityholder (§ 4 (2) of these Conditions) of each (1) Security relating 
to the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying 
comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]] in accordance with these Conditions that such Securityholder 
shall have the right (the "Option Right") to receive, subject to the occurrence of a Knock Out Event in 
accordance with § 2 of these Conditions, the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted 
into the Redemption Currency,] multiplied by Conversion Ratio (§ 1 (4)) and commercially rounded to 
[two] [four] [•] decimal places (the "Redemption Amount"). 
2. 
Settlement Amount 
 
The "Settlement Amount" is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(
)


Price
 
Settlement
 - 
Strike
 
Current
 
0.001;
Max 
 
 
(
)


Price
 
Settlement
 - 
Strike
 
Current
 
0;
Max 
 
3. 
Adjustment of the Strike 
 
On each [Adjustment Date] [•] [and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time] [•]], the Initial Strike 
and, thereafter, any then current strike (each the "Strike") is adjusted by the Calculation Agent, subject 
to the occurrence of a Reset Event (as defined in the section "Conditions of the Securities – Product 
Terms Part 1: Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities"), in accordance with the following formula, 
whereby the so adjusted new Strike (being current on such Adjustment Date) is referred to as "Current 
Strike": 
 
a) If a Reset Event (as defined in the section "Conditions of the Securities – Product Terms Part 1: 
Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities") has not occurred, the Current Strike is calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Price
 
Reference
 * 
Factor
 
Leverage
 1
 
Factor
 
Leverage
+
 
Price
 
Reference
 * 
Factor
 
Leverage
 1
 
Factor
 
Leverage
+
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [•] decimal places). 
 
b) If a Reset Event has occurred, the Current Strike is calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
Price
 
Event
 
Reset
 * 
Factor
 
Leverage
 1
 
Factor
 
Leverage
+
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [•] decimal places). 
 
 
6. Factor (Short) Certificates

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
The Current Strike will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding the 
Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])] [●] on 
the website of the Issuer at www.home.saxo.com. 
 
[Whereby:] 
 
"Adjustment Date" [means [•]. [If this day is not [Exchange Business Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date] [•], the immediately succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] 
[Basket Component] Calculation Date] [•] is the relevant Adjustment Date]]. 
 
["Initial Strike" [equals [•]].] 
 
["Adjustment Time" [means [•]].] 
 
["[Relevant] Price of the Underlying" or "RPU" [means [•]].] 
 
"Reference Price" is as defined in § 1 (6) of these Conditions. 
 
["Reset Event Price" [•] [equals the reset event price, as determined at the Calculation Agent's 
reasonable discretion].] 
4. 
Adjustment of the Conversion Ratio 
 
On each [Adjustment Date] [•] [and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time] [•]], the Initial 
Conversion Ratio and, thereafter, any then current conversion ratio (each the "Conversion Ratio") is 
adjusted by the Calculation Agent, subject to the occurrence of a Reset Event (as defined in the section 
"Conditions of the Securities – Product Terms Part 1: Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities"), in 
accordance with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Conversion Ratio (being current on 
such Adjustment Date) is referred to as "Current Conversion Ratio": 
 
a) If a Reset Event (as defined in the section "Conditions of the Securities – Product Terms Part 1: 
Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities") has not occurred, the Current Conversion Ratio 
is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(
)
 
CFAR
 * 
0
 ;
Price
 
Settlement
-
Strike
max 
 * 
CR
 * 
Price
 
Reference
Factor
 
Leverage
(old)
(old)
 
 
(
)
 
CFAR
 * 
0
 ;
Price
 
Reference
-
Strike
max 
 * 
CR
 * 
Price
 
Reference
 
Factor
 
Leverage
(old)
(old)
 
 
(
)
 
CFAR
 * 
0
 ;
Underlying
 
the
 
of
 
Price
 
[Relevant]
 
 
Strike
 
max
 * 
CR
 * 
Price
 
Reference
Factor
 
Leverage
(old)
(old)
−
 
 
Leverage Faktor
RPU
*CRold* max(Strikeold-RPU ;0) *CFAR 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [twelve] [•] decimal places). 
 
b) If a Reset Event has occurred, the Current Conversion Ratio is calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
 
(
) 
0 ;
Price
 
Event
 
Reset
-
Strike
max 
 * 
CR
 * 
Price
 
Event
 
Reset
Factor
 
Leverage
(old)
(old)
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [twelve] [•] decimal places).

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
The Conversion Ratio will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding the 
Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])] [●] on 
the website of the Issuer at www.home.saxo.com. 
 
Whereby: 
 
"CFAR" means the Current Fee Adjustment Ratio as defined in § 1 (5) of these Conditions. 
 
["Initial Conversion Ratio" [equals [•]].] 
 
"CR(old)" means the Conversion Ratio on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment. 
 
["[Relevant] Price of the Underlying" or "RPU" [means [•]].] 
 
"Strike(Old)" means the Strike on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment. 
5. 
Adjustment of the Fee Adjustment Ratio 
 
On each [Adjustment Date] [•] [and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time] [•]], the Initial Fee 
Adjustment Ratio and, thereafter, any then current fee adjustment ratio (each the "Fee Adjustment 
Ratio") is adjusted by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, whereby the so 
adjusted new Fee Adjustment Ratio (being current on such Adjustment Date) is referred to as "Current 
Fee Adjustment Ratio" or "CFAR": 
 
1 −n
360 ∗(Security Fee −(Leverage Faktor + 1) ∗(Rate −FS Spread)) 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [twelve] [●] decimal places). 
 
The Fee Adjustment Ratio will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding the 
Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])] [●] on 
the website of the Issuer at www.home.saxo.com. 
 
Whereby: 
 
["Initial Fee Adjustment Ratio" [equals [•]].] 
 
Following the Initial Financing Spread, "FSpread" means the financing spread, which is set on any 
Adjustment Date to be a value between [•] per cent. and [•] per cent., as determined at the Calculation 
Agent's reasonable discretion. 
 
[The "Initial Financing Spread" [equals [•] per cent].] 
 
["n" means the number of days from the current Adjustment Date (excluding) to the immediately 
succeeding Adjustment Date (including).] 
 
["Rate" means [the prevailing rate for deposits in the Financing Level Currency] [(London Interbank 
Offered Rate (LIBOR))] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] [Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] [SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [minus [the]] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] 
[Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] 
[SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [●] as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion on the relevant Adjustment Date].]

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
If (i) the Rate is no longer displayed or is discontinued permanently without an official legal successor 
rate, (ii) a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Rate has been issued that (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of such 
Rate) it has ceased publishing such Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a 
specified future date, (iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Rate 
has been issued that, in the view of such supervisor, such Rate is or will, by a specified future date, be no 
longer representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Rate has materially 
changed; or (iv) the administrator of the relevant rate fails to obtain or maintain any necessary approvals 
or registrations, the Issuer is entitled to replace the Rate by another rate (which may include an adjustment 
spread (which may be positive or negative)), representing, at the reasonable discretion of the Calculation 
Agent, an economically comparable concept, (the "Successor Rate"). The Successor Rate and the date 
it is applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay by way of publication pursuant to § 
14 of these Conditions.]  
 
Following the Initial Security Fee, "Security Fee" means a security fee, which is set on any Adjustment 
Date to be a value between [•] per cent. and [•] per cent., as determined at the Calculation Agent's 
reasonable discretion. 
 
[The "Initial Security Fee" [equals [•] per cent].] 
6. 
Calculation of the Reference Price 
 
On each [Adjustment Date] [•] [and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time] [•]], the relevant 
"Reference Price" is calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(
)
DivFactor
 * 
Dividend
 - 
Price
 
Settlement
 
 
(
)
DivFactor
 * 
Dividend
 - 
Underlying
 
the
 
of
 
Price
 
[Relevant]
 
 
Whereby: 
 
["Dividend" means [•] [dividend or similar payments, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its 
reasonable discretion, distributed to hypothetical holders of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert 
different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]], whereby the ex 
dividend day of such payment on the Relevant Exchange is between the current and the immediately 
succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] [•]].] 
 
["DivFactor" means [•] [a dividend factor, which reflects any taxation applied on Dividends. On any 
Adjustment Date, the Dividend Factor is determined at the Calculation Agent's reasonable discretion to 
be a value between [0][•] per cent. (including) and [100][•] per cent. (including)].] 
 
[6.] [7.]   Calculation of the Current Reset Barrier 
 
On each [Adjustment Date] [•] [and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time] [•]], the Initial Current 
Reset Barrier and, thereafter, any then current reset barrier (each the "Reset Barrier") is adjusted by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Current Reset 
Barrier [(being current on such Adjustment Date)] [•] is referred to as "Current Reset Barrier": 
 
(
)
Premium
 
Loss
 
Stop
-
1
 
* 
Strike
 
Current
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [•] decimal places).

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
[Following the Initial Stop Loss Premium, the "Stop Loss Premium" is set on any Adjustment Date to 
be a value between [•] per cent. and [•] per cent., as determined at the Calculation Agent's reasonable 
discretion.] 
 
The Current Reset Barrier will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding the 
Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])] [●] on 
the website of the Issuer at www.home.saxo.com. 
 
[Whereby: 
 
[The "Initial Stop Loss Premium" [equals [•] per cent].] 
 
[The "Initial Current Reset Barrier" [equals [•]].]] 
[7.] [8.]   Determinations and Calculations in connection with the Option Right 
 
Any determinations and calculations in connection with the Option Right, in particular the calculation of 
the Redemption Amount, will be made by the Calculation Agent. Determinations and calculations made 
in this respect by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
 
§ 2 
Knock Out Event 
1. 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Knock Out Event 
 
If a Knock Out Event (§ 2 (3) of these Conditions) occurs, the Option Right expires on such day (the 
"Knock Out Expiration Date") and the Securities become invalid.  
 
[In this case, the Securityholder is not entitled to receive any payment with respect to each Security it 
holds.] 
 
[In this case, the Securityholder is entitled to receive with respect to each Security it holds the Knock Out 
Redemption Amount (§ 2 (2) of these Conditions) in the Redemption Currency (also the "Redemption 
Amount"). 
2. 
Knock Out Redemption Amount 
 
The "Knock Out Redemption Amount" means an amount in the Redemption Currency equal to [the 
Minimum Settlement Amount] [•].] 
3. 
Occurrence of a Knock Out Event 
 
A "Knock Out Event" shall occur, if 
 
[in the case of Securities with a period related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [during ] [the Term of the Securities] [following] [the Fixing Date] [the Issue Date] [the 
Start of the public offer of the Securities] [•]] the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different 
point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]] is [equal to or] above the 
Current Strike.] 
 
[in the case of Securities with a record day related observation add the following text:

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
[at any time] [at [•] hrs. (local time [•] [Copenhagen, Denmark] [London, United Kingdom])] on [the 
Valuation Date] [the Final Valuation Date] [the Observation Date] [an Observation Date] [a Valuation 
Averaging Date] [•] the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to 
an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]] is [equal to or] above the Current Strike.] 
 
[If, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at their reasonable discretion, a Market 
Disruption (§ 11 (3) of these Conditions) prevails on any day relevant for the determination of the 
occurrence of a Knock Out Event, the Calculation Agent will, at its reasonable discretion and taking into 
account (i) the market conditions then prevailing and (ii) such other conditions or factors as the Issuer 
and the Calculation Agent reasonably consider to be relevant, estimate the relevant Price of the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, the relevant Price of the (affected) Basket Component or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be 
applicable, the relevant price of the affected Component in relation to the occurrence of a Knock Out 
Event (which for the avoidance of doubt could be zero (0)) on the basis of the latest Prices of the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, Prices of the Basket Component or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, prices of the 
affected Component available to the Issuer or the Calculation Agent.] 
 
[(Regular trading hours on regular trading days apply.)] 
 
§ 3 
Exercise Procedure; Exercise Notice [; Exercise Date] 
1. 
Exercise Procedure 
 
The Option Right may in each case [only] be exercised by the Securityholder [every [•]] [of a calendar 
month [•]] [, for the first time on [•]] [, following [•]] [daily] [on] [a Banking Day [, which also is [an 
Underlying] [a Basket Component] Calculation Date,] [within the Exercise Period] ([the] [each an] 
"Exercise Date" [(If [this day] [one of these days] is not an Exchange Business Day, the immediately 
succeeding Exchange Business Day is deemed to be the relevant Exercise Date.)])] [until the Exercise 
Time] [[the] [any] Exercise Date] [(with effect as of such Exercise Date)] and in accordance with the 
exercise procedure described below. 
 
[in the case of Securities providing for a Minimum Exercise Size add the following text: 
2. 
Minimum Exercise Size 
 
The Option Rights may [, subject to § 2 ([3] [4]) of these Conditions,] only be exercised in a number 
equal to the Minimum Exercise Size. An exercise of less than the Minimum Exercise Size of the 
Securities will be invalid and ineffective. An exercise of more than the Minimum Exercise Size of the 
Securities that is not an integral multiple thereof will be deemed to be an exercise of a number of 
Securities that is equal to the Minimum Exercise Size or the next lowest integral multiple of the Minimum 
Exercise Size.] 
 
[2.][3.]   Exercise of the Option Rights 
 
For a valid exercise of the Option Rights [, becoming effective as of the relevant Securityholder's 
Effective Date,] the following conditions have to be met on the relevant Exercise Date until the Exercise 
Time: 
 
c) The [Paying Agent][Issuer] must receive written and legally signed notice by the Securityholder

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
stating his intention to exercise the Option Right securitised in the Security (the "Exercise 
Notice"). The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and binding and shall contain among other things 
(a) the name of the Securityholder, (b) an indication of the number of Securities to be exercised 
and (c) the account of the Securityholder with the Issuer, to which the transfer of the Redemption 
Amount, if any, shall be effected. 
 
d) the effected transfer of the respective Securities to the Issuer by crediting the Securities to the 
client securities account maintained by the Issuer with the Settlement Bank. 
 
If these conditions are met after lapse of the Exercise Time on the Exercise Date, the Option Right shall 
be deemed to be exercised on the immediately succeeding Exercise Date [provided that such day falls 
within the Exercise Period].] 
 
[3.][4.]   Calculations 
 
Upon exercise of the Option Rights as well as determination of [the Reference Price] [the Settlement 
Price] of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised 
in the Base Prospectus: [●]] the Calculation Agent (§ 12 of these Conditions) shall calculate the 
Redemption Amount payable, if any, either corresponding to the number of Securities actually delivered 
or to the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, whichever is lower. In case the number 
of Securities actually delivered is higher than the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, 
any remaining excess amount with respect to the Securities delivered will be returned to the relevant 
Securityholder. 
 
[4.][5.]   Exercise by the Issuer 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled [on each [●]] [and] [, for the first time on [●] (including),] and subject to a 
period of notice of [●], to terminate and redeem the Securities not yet exercised by way of publication 
pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions on any Exercise Date (such day is referred to as the "Issuer Exercise 
Date"), with effect as of such Issuer Exercise Date. 
 
In the case of a redemption by the Issuer in accordance with the paragraph above, the Issuer shall pay to 
each Securityholder an amount equal to the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted 
into the Redemption Currency,] multiplied by Conversion Ratio (§ 1 (4)) and commercially rounded to 
[two] [four] [●] decimal places (also the "Redemption Amount").

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
3. 
General Conditions of the Securities 
 
3.1 
The following "General Conditions" of the Securities must be read in their entirety together with the 
section "Product Terms" in the Base Prospectus. 
 
The Product Terms shall in the relevant Final Terms amend and put in concrete terms the General 
Conditions of the Securities for the purposes of the relevant Securities. 
 
The Product Terms and the General Conditions together constitute the "Conditions" of the relevant 
Securities. 
 
Terms not otherwise defined in these General Conditions shall have the meaning given in the applicable 
Product Terms. 
 
The Conditions are subject to adjustment in accordance with §§ 6 (a) – (n) of the Conditions. 
 
3.2 
Summarised Contents of the General Conditions 
 
§ 4 
Form of Securities; Title and Transfer; Status 
§ 5 
Settlement 
§ 6 (a) - (n) 
Adjustments for Securities on Baskets; adjustments in connection with 
Shares, certificates representing shares, Non-Equity Securities, 
Commodities, Precious Metals, Indices, exchange traded Fund Units, 
Fund Units, Futures Contracts, Interest Rates, Currency Exchange Rates 
and Reference Rates; Benchmark Adjustments 
§ 7 
Adjustments due to the European Economic and Monetary Union 
§ 8 
Extraordinary Termination Right of the Issuer 
§ 9 
Extraordinary Termination Right of the Securityholders 
§ 10 
Taxes 
§ 11 
Market Disruptions 
§ 12 
Security Agents 
§ 13 
Substitution of the Issuer 
§ 14 
Publications 
§ 15 
Issue of further Securities; Purchase of Securities; Cancellation 
§ 16 
Intentionally left blank 
§ 17 
Governing Law; Jurisdiction 
§ 18 
Corrections; Severability 
§ 19 
Intentionally left blank 
§ 20 
Intentionally left blank 
§ 21 
Intentionally left blank

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
3.3 
General Conditions 
 
§ 4 
Form of Securities; Title and Transfer; 
Status 
1. 
Form of Securities 
 
The Securities qualify as securities within the meaning of Article 2(a) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
The Securities will be treated as dematerialised book-entry form securities pursuant to the Swiss Federal 
Intermediated Securities Act (FISA). 
2. 
Securityholder; Title and Transfer 
 
"Securityholder" means any holder who is a holder of a Security according to the records of the Issuer. 
 
A Securityholder can only be a customer of the Issuer or a company within the Group who holds a 
brokerage account with Issuer or a company within the Group. 
 
The Securityholder shall, for all purposes, be treated by the Issuer and the Security Agents (§ 12 (1) of 
these Conditions) as the person entitled to such Securities and the person entitled to receive the benefits 
of the rights represented by such Securities. 
 
Securityholders will only be able to buy or sell Securities by placing orders with the Issuer, and 
transactions in the Securities will only take place between the Issuer and the Securityholder. 
3. 
Status of the Securities 
 
The Securities constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, ranking pari 
passu among themselves and with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer, other than obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of law, such as preferred deposits.  
 
Securityholders will not be entitled (subject to applicable law) to set-off the Issuer's obligations under 
the Securities against obligations owed by them to the Issuer in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer. Securityholders may therefore be required to participate in separate proceedings in order to 
recover amounts owing to them under counterclaims, and may receive a lower recovery in an insolvency 
of the Issuer than would be the case if set-off or counterclaim were permitted.  
 
During their term, the Securities do not generate any regular income (e.g. dividends or interest).

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
§ 5 
Settlement 
1. 
Settlement of the Securities 
 
The Securities will, subject to a Market Disruption (§ 11 of these Conditions), be redeemed on the 
relevant Redemption Date by payment of (i) the Redemption Amount, (ii) the Termination Amount, (iii) 
if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" the product feature "Securityholder’s 
Extraordinary Termination Right" is specified to be applicable, the Securityholder Termination 
Amount, or (iv) any other amount payable under the Conditions in relation to the relevant Redemption 
Date in the Redemption Currency. 
 
The Issuer holds with the Settlement Bank: 
 
a) a securities account or security accounts (the "Client Securities Account") in the name of the 
Issuer, which Client Securities Account will hold the Securities in book-entry form for the 
account of the Securityholders, and 
 
b) a cash account or cash accounts (the "Client Cash Account") in the name of the Issuer for 
settlement of cash flows relating to the Securities in the Client Securities Account. 
 
The Settlement Bank will settle all trades in the Securities by way of corresponding book-entries in the 
Client Securities Account, and the Settlement Bank will make corresponding and simultaneous cash 
debits or credits in the Client Cash Account. 
 
Upon a settlement of a trade in the Securities by way of a book-entry in the Client Securities Account by 
the Settlement Bank, the Issuer will make a corresponding and simultaneous book-entry in the securities 
account of the relevant Securityholder with the Issuer. 
 
Upon a cash debit or credit in the Client Cash Account by the Settlement Bank, the Issuer will make a 
corresponding and simultaneous cash debit or credit in the cash account of the relevant Securityholder 
with the Issuer. 
2. 
Conversion into the Redemption Currency 
 
If in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a "Currency 
Conversion;" is specified to be applicable, any conversion of amounts payable under these Conditions 
into the Redemption Currency is made by the Calculation Agent using the Relevant Conversion Rate. 
3. 
Intentionally left blank 
4. 
Intentionally left blank 
5. 
Taxes, charges and/or expenses 
 
All taxes, charges and/or expenses, if any, incurred in connection with the redemption of the Securities 
or any other payment or delivery obligations under these Conditions of the Securities shall be borne and 
paid by the relevant Securityholder. The Issuer and the Paying Agent, as the case may be, are entitled, 
but not obliged, to withhold from any required performance under these Conditions such taxes, charges 
and/or expenses as be paid by the Securityholder in accordance with the preceding sentence.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
[Only if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be 
applicable, the following § 6 (a) of these Conditions applies:] 
 
§ 6 (a) 
Adjustments for Securities on Baskets; Successor Basket Component 
 
If in relation to a Basket Component an adjustment (as described in these Conditions) is necessary, the 
Issuer shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to these Conditions in relation to each Basket 
Component) be entitled, but not obliged, to either: 
 
a) remove at its reasonable discretion the respective Basket Component without replacement from 
the Basket (if applicable by adjusting the weighting of the remaining Basket Components), or 
 
b) replace at its reasonable discretion the Basket Component in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (if applicable by adjusting the weighting of the Basket Components then present) 
(the "Successor Basket Component"). 
 
In such case, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed to be the Basket Component and each 
reference in these Conditions to the Basket Component shall be deemed to refer to the Successor Basket 
Component.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
[Only in case of a share as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as specified in 
the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, the 
following § 6 (b) of these Conditions applies:] 
 
§ 6 (b) 
Adjustments in connection with a Share 
1. 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
In the case of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event (§ 6 (b)(2) of these Conditions), the Issuer 
shall be entitled to adjust any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or 
any other terms in these Conditions in a manner and relation corresponding to the relevant adjustments 
made with regard to option and futures contracts on the share used as the Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as 
the Basket Component, traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange (the "Option Contracts") 
provided that the Record Date (as defined below) is prior to or on the Valuation Date or the Final 
Valuation Date, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms. 
 
If no such Option Contracts are being traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, the 
adjustments may be made by the Issuer in a manner as relevant adjustments would be made by the 
Relevant Futures and Options Exchange if those Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures 
and Options Exchange. 
 
The "Record Date" means the first trading day on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange on which 
the adjusted Option Contracts on the Underlying are traded or would be traded if those Option Contracts 
were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange. 
2. 
Occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any measure in relation to the Share, which gives reason, or would 
give reason, if the Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, as the 
case may be, to the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange for an adjustment to the Strike, the contract 
volume of the underlying, the ratio of the underlying or to the quotation of the stock exchange, relevant 
for the calculation and determination of the price of the Underlying. 
 
Potential Adjustment Events are, in particular, but not limited to, the following measures, whereas, 
subject to § 6(b)(3) of these Conditions, the de facto or hypothetical decision of the Relevant Futures and 
Options Exchange that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred is conclusive: 
 
a) The stock corporation, the share(s) of which is/are used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the 
Basket Component, (the "Company") increases its share capital against deposits/contributions 
granting a direct or indirect subscription right to its shareholders, capital increase out of the 
Company’s own funds, through the issuance of new shares, directly or indirectly granting a right 
to its shareholders to subscribe for bonds or other securities with option or conversion rights to 
shares. 
 
b) The Company decreases its share capital through cancellation or combination of shares of the 
Company. No Potential Adjustment Event shall occur, if the capital decrease is effected by way 
of reduction of the nominal amount of the shares of the Company. 
 
c) The Company grants exceptionally high dividends, bonuses or other cash or non-cash 
distributions ("Special Distributions") to its shareholders. The distributions of regular 
dividends, which do not constitute Special Distributions, do not create any Potential Adjustment

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
Event. With regard to the differentiation between regular dividends and Special Distributions, 
the differentiation made by the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange shall prevail. 
 
d) The Company performs a stock split (reduction of the nominal amount and corresponding 
increase in the number of shares without a change in the share capital) or a similar measure. 
 
e) An offer is made to the shareholders of the Company pursuant to the law of the jurisdiction 
applicable to and governing the Company to convert existing shares of the Company to new 
shares or to shares of another stock corporation. 
 
f) A take-over of shares of the Company takes place by a shareholder in the course of a tender offer 
in accordance with the law of the jurisdiction applicable to and governing the Company. 
 
g) The Company spins off any part of the Company so that a new independent enterprise is created 
or any part of the Company is absorbed by a third company, the Company’s shareholders are 
granted shares in the new company or the absorbing company free of charge or at a price below 
the market price and therefore a market price or price quotation may be determined for the shares 
granted to the shareholders. 
 
h) The quotation of or trading in the shares of the Company on the Relevant Exchange is 
permanently discontinued due to a merger or a new company formation, or for any other 
comparable reason, in particular as a result of a delisting of the Company. The Issuer’s right of 
termination in accordance with § 8 of these Conditions remains unaffected. 
 
The provisions set out above shall apply mutatis mutandis to events other than those mentioned above, 
if the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, upon exercise of their reasonable discretion, determine that the 
economic effects of these events are comparable and may have an impact on the calculational value of 
the shares. 
3. 
Deviations by the Issuer from the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to deviate from the adjustments made by the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange, should the Issuer consider it necessary in order to account for existing differences between 
the Securities and the Option Contracts traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange. 
Irrespective of whether or how adjustments are de facto effected by the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange, the Issuer is entitled to make adjustments to these Conditions for the purpose of reconstituting 
to the extent possible the Securityholders’ economic status prior to the measures as described in § 6 b (2) 
of these Conditions. 
4. 
Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, Successor Basket Component 
 
In the event that the Share ceases to exist and/or is replaced by a successor share (by any parties other 
than the Issuer) (subject to § 6 (n) of these Conditions, a "Replacement Event"), the Calculation Agent 
shall, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these 
Conditions, determine at its reasonable discretion, after having made appropriate adjustments according 
to the paragraph above, which underlying, economically equal to the underlying concept of the Share 
used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" 
is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, shall be applicable in the future (the "Successor 
Underlying" or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, the "Successor Basket Component") and to replace the Underlying or, if the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the 
affected Basket Component by the Successor Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Successor Basket Component.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket Component and the date it is 
applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these 
Conditions. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the Basket Component shall, to 
the extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the 
Successor Basket Component. 
5. 
Determination of a Substitute Stock Exchange 
 
If the quotation of or trading in the share on the Relevant Exchange is permanently discontinued while 
concurrently a quotation or trading is started up or maintained on another stock exchange, the Issuer shall 
be entitled to stipulate such other stock exchange as new Relevant Exchange (the "Substitute Stock 
Exchange") through publication in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions, provided that the Issuer 
has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these Conditions. In the case of such a 
substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Relevant Exchange thereafter shall be deemed to 
refer to the Substitute Stock Exchange. The adjustment described above shall be published in accordance 
with § 14 of these Conditions upon the expiry of one month following the permanent discontinuation of 
the quotation of or trading in the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Basket Component on the Relevant Exchange, 
at the latest. 
6. 
Corrected Price 
 
In the event that the price of the Share used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in 
the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, as 
determined and published by the Relevant Exchange is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price" is published by the Relevant Exchange after the original publication, but still within 
one Settlement Cycle, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to effect, under consideration 
of the Corrected Price, adjustments to these Conditions at their reasonable discretion, to account for the 
correction. The adjustment and the date it is applied for the first time shall be published without undue 
delay in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. 
7. 
Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt (i) the applicability of the adjustment rules of the 
Relevant Futures and Options Exchange and (ii) the required adjustment. Any adjustment or 
determination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error. 
8. 
Effectiveness of Adjustments and Determinations 
 
Any adjustment and determination will become effective as of the time at which the relevant adjustments 
become effective on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange or would become effective, if the Option 
Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, as the case may be.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
[Only in case of a certificate representing shares as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the 
case may be, as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of 
the relevant Final Terms, the following § 6 (b) of these Conditions applies:] 
 
§ 6 (c) 
Adjustments in connection with a Certificate representing Shares 
1. 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
In the case of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event (§ 6 (c) (2)) in relation to the certificate 
representing shares used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to adjust any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any 
other terms in these Conditions to account for the effect of such Potential Adjustment Event. 
2. 
Occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any following events or measures in relation to the certificate 
representing shares used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, provided that such event 
or measure is, at the reasonable discretion the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, material and adversely 
affects the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component or the calculation of the Price of 
the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component: 
 
a) In the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, a material change 
 
i. 
has occurred in relation to the Relevant Exchange relevant for the calculation and 
determination of the price of the certificate representing shares used as the Underlying 
or, if in the applicable product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, or 
 
ii. 
has occurred in relation to the relevant terms of either the certificate representing shares 
used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component, or of the 
Underlying Shares. 
 
b) Any measure in relation to the certificate representing shares, which gives reason, or would give 
reason, if option and futures contracts on the certificate representing shares used as the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" 
is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component traded on the Relevant Futures and 
Options Exchange (the "Option Contracts") were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange, as the case may be, to the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange for an adjustment 
to the strike, the contract volume of the underlying, the ratio of the underlying or to the quotation 
of the trading system, relevant for the calculation and determination of the price of the 
underlying. 
3. 
Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, Successor Basket Component 
 
In the event that the certificate representing shares ceases to exist and/or is replaced by another underlying 
successor certificate representing shares (by any parties other than the Issuer) (subject to § 6 (n) of these 
Conditions, a "Replacement Event"), the Calculation Agent shall, provided that the Issuer has not 
terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these Conditions, determine at its reasonable 
discretion, after having made appropriate adjustments according to the paragraph above, which 
underlying, economically equal to the underlying concept of the certificate representing shares used as 
the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component shall be applicable in the future (the "Successor 
Underlying" or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, the "Successor Basket Component") and to replace the Underlying or, if in 
the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, 
the affected Basket Component by the Successor Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Successor Basket Component. 
 
The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket Component and the date it is 
applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these 
Conditions. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the Basket Component shall, to the 
extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor 
Basket Component. 
4. 
Determination of a Substitute Stock Exchange 
 
If the quotation of or trading in the certificate representing shares on the Relevant Exchange is 
permanently discontinued while concurrently a quotation or trading is started up or maintained on another 
stock exchange, the Issuer shall be entitled to stipulate such other stock exchange as new Relevant 
Exchange (the "Substitute Exchange") through publication in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions, 
provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these Conditions. In 
the case of such a substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Relevant Exchange thereafter 
shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Exchange. The adjustment described above shall be published 
in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions upon the expiry of one month following the permanent 
discontinuation of the quotation of or trading in the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in 
the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Basket Component on the 
Relevant Exchange, at the latest. 
5. 
Corrected Price 
 
In the event that the price of the certificate representing shares used as the Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as 
the Basket Component as determined and published by the Relevant Exchange is subsequently corrected 
and the correction (the "Corrected Price") is published by the Relevant Exchange after the original 
publication, but still within one Settlement Cycle, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent shall be entitled 
to effect, under consideration of the Corrected Price, adjustments to these Conditions at their reasonable 
discretion, to account for the correction. The adjustment and the date it is applied for the first time shall 
be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. 
6. 
Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt the required adjustment. Any adjustment or 
determination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
[Only in the case of a Non-equity Security as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may 
be, as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant 
Final Terms, the following § 6 (d) of these Conditions apply:] 
 
§ 6 (d) 
Adjustments in connection with a Non-Equity Security 
1. 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, a material change in the market 
conditions occurred in relation to the Relevant Trading System relevant for the calculation and 
determination of the price of the non-equity security used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket 
Component (a "Potential Adjustment Event"), the Issuer shall be entitled to adjust any variable, 
calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms in these Conditions to 
account for the effect of these changed market conditions. 
2. 
Changes in the calculation; Making of Adjustments 
 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of the non-equity security, shall not lead to an 
adjustment unless the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, upon exercise of their reasonable discretion 
determine that the underlying concept and the calculation (including corrections) of the Underlying or, 
if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be 
applicable, of the Basket Component are no longer comparable to the underlying concept or calculation 
of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component applicable prior to such change. 
Adjustments may also be made as a result of the termination of the Underlying or of the Basket 
Component and/or its substitution by another underlying. 
 
For the purpose of making any adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall at its reasonable discretion 
determine an adjusted value per unit of the non-listed security as the basis of the determination of the 
Price of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" 
is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, which in its result corresponds with the economic 
result prior to this change, and shall, taking into account the time the change occurred, determine the day, 
on which the adjusted value per unit of the non-equity security shall apply for the first time. The adjusted 
value per unit of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component as well as the date of its 
first application shall be published without undue delay pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions. 
3. 
Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, Successor Basket Component 
 
In the event that the non-equity security is ceases to exist and/or is replaced by another underlying 
successor non-equity security (by any parties other than the Issuer) (subject to § 6 (n) of these Conditions, 
a "Replacement Event"), the Calculation Agent shall, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the 
Securities in accordance with § 8 of these Conditions, determine at its reasonable discretion, after having 
made appropriate adjustments according to the paragraph above, which underlying, economically equal 
to the underlying concept of the non-equity security used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket 
Component, shall be applicable in the future (the "Successor Underlying" or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the "Successor Basket 
Component") and to replace the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the affected Basket Component by the Successor 
Underlying or, as the case may be, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Successor Basket Component. 
 
The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket Component and the date it is

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these 
Conditions. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the Basket Component shall, to 
the extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
4. 
Determination of a Substitute Trading System 
 
If the quotation of or trading in the non-equity security in the Relevant Trading System is permanently 
discontinued while concurrently a quotation or trading is started up or maintained on another trading 
system, the Issuer shall be entitled to stipulate such other trading system as the new relevant trading 
system (the "Substitute Trading System") through publication in accordance with § 14 of these 
Conditions, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these 
Conditions. In the case of such a substitution any reference in these Conditions to the Relevant Trading 
System thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Trading System. The adjustment described 
above shall be published in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions upon the expiry of one month 
following the permanent discontinuation of the quotation of or trading in the Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, in 
the Basket Component in the Relevant Trading System at the latest. 
5. 
Corrected Price 
 
In the event that the price of the non-equity security used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket 
Component, as determined and published by the Relevant Trading System is subsequently corrected and 
the correction (the "Corrected Price") is published by the Relevant Trading System, after the original 
publication, but still within one Settlement Cycle, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent shall be entitled 
to effect, under consideration of the Corrected Price, adjustments to these Conditions at their reasonable 
discretion, to account for the correction. The adjustment and the date it is applied for the first time shall 
be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. 
6. 
Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt the required adjustment. Any adjustment or 
determination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
[Only in the case of a commodity as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as 
specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final 
Terms, the following § 6 (e) of these Conditions apply:] 
 
§ 6 (e) 
Adjustments in connection with a Commodity 
1. 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
In the case of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event (§ 6 (e) (2) of these Conditions), the Issuer 
shall be entitled adjust any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or 
any other terms in these Conditions in a manner and relation corresponding to the relevant adjustments 
made with regard to option and futures contracts on the commodity used as the Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as 
the Basket Component, traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange (the "Option Contracts") 
provided that the Record Date (as defined below) is prior to or on the Valuation Date or the Final 
Valuation Date, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms. 
 
If no such Option Contracts are being traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, the 
adjustments may be effected by the Issuer in a manner as relevant adjustments would be made by the 
Relevant Futures and Options Exchange if those Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures 
and Options Exchange. 
 
The "Record Date" will be the first trading day on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange on which 
the adjusted Option Contracts on the Underlying are traded on the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange or would be traded if those Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange. 
2. 
Occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any measure in relation to the commodity, which gives reason, or 
would give reason, if the Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, 
as the case may be, to the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange for an adjustment to the strike, the 
contract volume of the underlying, the ratio of the underlying or to the quotation of the trading system, 
relevant for the calculation and determination of the price of the underlying. 
 
Potential Adjustment Events are, in particular, but not limited to, the following measures, whereas, 
however, subject to § 6 (e) (3) of these Conditions, the de facto or hypothetical decision of the Relevant 
Futures and Options Exchange is decisive: 
 
a) The commodity is traded in the Relevant Trading System relevant for the calculation and 
determination of the Price of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, of the Basket Component in 
a different quality, in a different consistency (e.g. with a different degree of purity or a different 
point of origin) or in a different standard measuring unit. 
 
b) The occurrence of another event or action, due to which the commodity, as traded in the Relevant 
Trading System relevant for the calculation and determination of the Price of the Underlying or, 
if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be 
applicable, of the Basket Component, is materially modified. 
 
The provisions set out above shall apply mutatis mutandis to events other than those mentioned above, 
if the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, upon exercise of their reasonable discretion, determine that the 
economic effects of these events are comparable and may have an impact on the value of the commodity.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
3. 
Deviations by the Issuer from the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to deviate from the adjustments made by the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange, should the Issuer consider it necessary in order to account for existing differences between 
the Securities and the Option Contracts traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange. 
Irrespective of, whether or how adjustments are de facto effected by the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange, the Issuer is entitled to make adjustments to these Conditions for the purpose to reconstitute 
to the extent possible the Securityholders’ economic status prior to the measures in terms of § 6 (e) (2) 
of these Conditions. 
4. 
Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, Successor Basket Component 
 
In the event that the commodity ceases to exist and/or is replaced by a successor commodity (by any 
parties other than the Issuer) (subject to § 6 (n) of these Conditions, "Replacement Event"), the 
Calculation Agent shall, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 
8 of these Conditions, determine at its reasonable discretion, after having made appropriate adjustments 
according to the paragraph above, which underlying, economically equal to the underlying concept of 
the commodity used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Basket Component shall be applicable in the 
future (the "Successor Underlying" or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the "Successor Basket Component") and to 
replace the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" 
is specified to be applicable, the affected Basket Component by the Successor Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the 
Successor Basket Component. 
 
The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket Component and the date it is 
applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these 
Conditions. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Basket Component shall, to the 
extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor 
Basket Component. 
5. 
Determination of a Substitute Trading System 
 
If the quotation of or trading in the commodity in the Relevant Trading System is permanently 
discontinued while concurrently a quotation or trading is started up or maintained on another trading 
system, the Issuer shall be entitled to stipulate such other trading system as the new relevant trading 
system (the "Substitute Trading System") through publication in accordance with § 14 of these 
Conditions, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these 
Conditions. In the case of such a substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Relevant Trading 
System thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Trading System. The adjustment described 
above shall be published in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions upon the expiry of one month 
following the permanent discontinuation of the quotation of or trading in the Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, in 
the Basket Component in the Relevant Trading System, at the latest. 
6. 
Corrected Price 
 
In the event that the price of the commodity used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, as 
determined and published by the Relevant Trading System is subsequently corrected and the correction

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
(the "Corrected Price") is published by the Relevant Trading System after the original publication, but 
still within one Settlement Cycle, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to effect, under 
consideration of the Corrected Price, adjustments to these Conditions at their reasonable discretion, to 
account for the correction. The adjustment and the date it is applied for the first time shall be published 
without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. 
7. 
Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt (i) the applicability of the adjustment rules of the 
Relevant Futures and Options Exchange and (ii) the required adjustment. Any adjustment or 
determination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error. 
8. 
Effectiveness of Adjustments and Determinations 
 
Any adjustment and determination will become effective as of the time at which the relevant adjustments 
become effective on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange or would become effective, if the Option 
Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, as the case may be.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
[Only in the case of a precious metal as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as 
specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final 
Terms, the following § 6 (f) of these Conditions apply:] 
 
§ 6 (f) 
Adjustments in connection with a Precious Metal 
1. 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
In the case of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event (§ 6 (f) (2) of these Conditions), the Issuer 
shall be entitled to adjust any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or 
any other terms in these Conditions in a manner and relation corresponding to the relevant adjustments 
made with regard to option and futures contracts on the precious metal used as the Underlying or, if in 
the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, 
as the Basket Component, traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange (the "Option 
Contracts") provided that the Record Date (as defined below) is prior to or on the Valuation Date or the 
Final Valuation Date, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms. 
 
If no such Option Contracts are being traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, the 
adjustments may be effected by the Issuer in a manner as relevant adjustments would be made by the 
Relevant Futures and Options Exchange if those Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures 
and Options Exchange. 
 
The "Record Date" will be the first trading day on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange on which 
the adjusted Option Contracts on the Underlying are traded on the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange or would be traded if those Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange. 
2. 
Occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any measure in relation to the precious metal, which gives reason, 
or would give reason, if the Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, 
as the case may be, to the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange for an adjustment to the strike, the 
contract volume of the underlying, the ratio of the underlying or to the quotation of the trading system, 
relevant for the calculation and determination of the price of the underlying. 
 
Potential Adjustment Events are, in particular, but not limited to, the following measures, whereas, 
however, subject to § 6 e (3) of these Conditions, the de facto or hypothetical decision of the Relevant 
Futures and Options Exchange is decisive: 
 
a) The precious metal is traded on the Relevant Exchange relevant for the calculation and 
determination of the Price of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, of the Basket Component in 
a different quality, in a different consistency (e.g. with a different degree of purity or a different 
point of origin) or in a different standard measuring unit. 
 
b) The occurrence of another event or action, due to which the precious metal, as traded in the 
Relevant Exchange relevant for the calculation and determination of the Price of the Underlying 
or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, the Basket Component, is materially modified. 
 
The provisions set out above shall apply mutatis mutandis to any other event or circumstance, which may 
have an impact on the value of the precious metal and which causes the terms of the Securities to no 
longer reflect the original commercial terms agreed by the Issuer and the Securityholders or adversely

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
affects the economic basis on which the Issuer issued the Securities. 
3. 
Deviations by the Issuer from the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to deviate from the adjustments made by the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange, should the Issuer consider it necessary in order to account for existing differences between 
the Securities and the Option Contracts traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange. 
Irrespective of, whether or how adjustments are de facto effected by the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange, the Issuer is entitled to make adjustments to these Conditions for the purpose to reconstitute 
to the extent possible the Securityholders’ economic status prior to the measures in terms of § 6 (f) (2) 
of these Conditions. 
4. 
Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, Successor Basket Component 
 
In the event that the precious metal ceases to exist and/or is replaced by a successor precious metal (by 
any parties other than the Issuer) (subject to § 6 (n) of these Conditions, a "Replacement Event"), the 
Calculation Agent shall, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 
8 of these Conditions, determine at its reasonable discretion, after having made appropriate adjustments 
according to the paragraph above, which underlying, economically equal to the underlying concept of 
the precious metal used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Basket Component shall be applicable in the 
future (the "Successor Underlying" or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the "Successor Basket Component") and to 
replace the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" 
is specified to be applicable, the affected Basket Component by the Successor Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the 
Successor Basket Component. 
 
The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket Component and the date it is 
applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these 
Conditions. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the Basket Component shall, to 
the extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
5. 
Determination of a Substitute Trading System 
 
If the quotation of or trading in the precious metal in the Relevant Trading System is permanently 
discontinued while concurrently a quotation or trading is started up or maintained on another trading 
system, the Issuer shall be entitled to stipulate such other trading system as the new relevant trading 
system (the "Substitute Exchange") through publication in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions, 
provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these Conditions. In 
the case of such a substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Relevant Trading System 
thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Exchange. The adjustment described above shall be 
published in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions upon the expiry of one month following the 
permanent discontinuation of the quotation of or trading in the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, in the Basket Component 
on the Relevant Exchange, at the latest. 
6. 
Corrected Price 
 
In the event that the price of the precious metal used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket 
Component, as determined and published by the Relevant Exchange is subsequently corrected and the 
correction (the "Corrected Price") is published by the Relevant Exchange after the original publication, 
but still within one Settlement Cycle, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to effect, 
under consideration of the Corrected Price, adjustments to these Conditions at their reasonable discretion, 
to account for the correction. The adjustment and the date it is applied for the first time shall be published 
without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. 
7. 
Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt (i) the applicability of the adjustment rules of the 
Relevant Futures and Options Exchange and (ii) the required adjustment. Any adjustment or 
determination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error. 
8. 
Effectiveness of Adjustments and Determinations 
 
Any adjustment and determination will become effective as of the time at which the relevant adjustments 
become effective on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange or would become effective, if the Option 
Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, as the case may be.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
[Only in the case of an index as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as specified 
in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, 
the following § 6 (d) of these Conditions apply:] 
 
§ 6 (g) 
Adjustments in connection with an Index 
1. 
Successor Index Sponsor; Successor Index Calculator 
 
If the Index used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" 
a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, is permanently not maintained by the 
Index Sponsor and no longer calculated and published by the Index Sponsor or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" an "Index Calculator" is specified to be applicable, by 
such Index Calculator, then the Issuer shall be entitled to replace the Index Sponsor or, as the case may 
be, the Index Calculator by a person, company or institution, which is acceptable to the Calculation Agent 
and the Issuer at their reasonable discretion (the "Successor Index Sponsor" or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Index Calculator" is specified to be applicable, the 
"Successor Index Calculator"). 
 
In such case, the Successor Index Sponsor or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" an "Index Calculator" is specified to be applicable, the Successor Index Calculator will 
be deemed to be the Index Sponsor or, as the case may be, the Index Calculator and each reference in 
these Conditions to the Index Sponsor or, as the case may be, the Index Calculator shall be deemed to 
refer to the Successor Index Sponsor or, as the case may be, the Successor Index Calculator. 
2. 
Changes in the calculation; Making of Adjustments 
 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of the Index or of the composition or of the 
weighting of the Index components, on which the calculation of the Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, of the Basket 
Component is based, shall not lead to an adjustment unless the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, upon 
exercise of their reasonable discretion, determine that the underlying concept and the calculation 
(including corrections) of the Underlying or of the Basket Component are no longer comparable to the 
underlying concept or calculation of the Index applicable prior to such change. This applies especially, 
if due to any change the Index value changes considerably, although the prices and weightings of the 
components included in the Index remain unchanged. Adjustments may also be made as a result of the 
termination of the Index and/or its substitution by another underlying. 
 
For the purpose of making any adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall at its reasonable discretion 
determine an adjusted value per unit of the Index as the basis of the determination of the price of the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, of the Basket Component, which in its result corresponds with the economic result prior 
to this change, and shall, taking into account the time the change occurred, determine the day, on which 
the adjusted value per unit of the Index shall apply for the first time. The adjusted value per unit of the 
Underlying or the Basket Component as well as the date of its first application shall be published without 
undue delay pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions. 
3. 
Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, Successor Basket Component 
 
In the event that the authorisation of the Issuer or of the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, to use the 
Index used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Basket Component, for the purposes of the Securities is 
terminated or otherwise ceases to exist or the Index (or the publication thereof) has been permanently 
discontinued and/or replaced by a successor index (by any parties other than the Issuer) (subject to § 6

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
(n) of these Conditions, a "Replacement Event"), the Calculation Agent shall determine at its reasonable 
discretion, after having made appropriate adjustments according to the paragraph above, which index 
shall be applicable in the future (the "Successor Underlying" or, if in the applicable Product Terms in 
the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the "Successor Basket 
Component") and to replace the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the affected Basket Component by the Successor 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, the Successor Basket Component. 
 
The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket Component and the date it is 
applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these 
Conditions. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the Basket Component, shall, to 
the extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
4. 
Corrected Price 
 
In the event that the Price of the Index used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in 
the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, as 
determined and published by the Index Sponsor or if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" an "Index Calculator" is specified to be applicable, by the Index Calculator is subsequently 
corrected and the correction (the "Corrected Price") is published after the original publication, but still 
within one Settlement Cycle, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to effect, under 
consideration of the Corrected Price, adjustments to these Conditions at their reasonable discretion, to 
account for the correction. The adjustment and the date it is applied for the first time shall be published 
without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. 
5. 
Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt the required adjustment. Any adjustment or 
determination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
[Only in the case of an exchange traded Fund Unit as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the 
case may be, as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of 
the relevant Final Terms, the following § 6 (h) of these Conditions apply:] 
 
§ 6 (h) 
Adjustments in connection with an exchange traded Fund Unit 
1. 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
In the case of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event (§ 6 (h) (2)) in respect to the exchange 
traded Fund Unit used as Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to make any adjustments to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, 
payment terms or any other terms in these Conditions that they determine at their reasonable discretion 
to be appropriate to account for the effect of such Potential Adjustment Event. 
2. 
Occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any following measure in relation to the Fund Unit: 
 
a) conversion, subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the Fund Units, 
 
b) payment of distributions, which contradict the standard distribution policy of the Investment 
Fund in relation to the Fund Units, or 
 
c) any other event that may, in the Issuer’s and the Calculation Agent’s reasonable discretion, have 
a diluting or concentrative effect on the Fund Units. 
3. 
Adjustments made by the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to in particular effect adjustments to these Conditions in a manner and relation 
corresponding to the relevant adjustments made with regard to option and futures contracts on the Fund 
Unit used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, traded on the Relevant Futures and 
Options Exchange (the "Option Contracts") provided that the Record Date (as defined below) is prior 
to or on the Valuation Date or the Final Valuation Date, as the case may be, and as specified in the 
applicable Product Terms. 
 
If no such Option Contracts are being traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, the 
adjustments may be effected by the Issuer in a manner as relevant adjustments would be made by the 
Relevant Futures and Options Exchange if those Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures 
and Options Exchange. 
 
The "Record Date" will be the first trading day on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange on which 
the adjusted Option Contracts on the Underlying are traded on the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange or would be traded if those Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange. 
4. 
Deviations by the Issuer from the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to deviate from the adjustments made by the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange, should the Issuer consider it necessary in order to account for existing differences between 
the Securities and the Option Contracts traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange. 
Irrespective of, whether or how adjustments are de facto effected by the Relevant Futures and Options

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Exchange, the Issuer is entitled to make adjustments to these Conditions for the purpose to reconstitute 
to the extent possible the Securityholders’ economic status prior to the measures in terms of § 6 (h) (2). 
5. 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Replacement Event 
 
If a Replacement Event (§ 6 (h) (6)) in respect of the Fund Unit used as the Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as 
the Basket Component occurs or is likely to occur, the Calculation Agent may, if it determines at its 
reasonable discretion, that such event is material and adversely affects the Fund Unit, 
 
a) select an alternative investment fund, which the Issuer and the Calculation Agent determine at 
their reasonable discretion to have a similar strategy and liquidity and to the extent data thereon 
is available, similar historical returns and volatility as the Fund Unit, (also the "Successor 
Underlying") or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" 
is specified to be applicable, the "Successor Basket Component") and to replace the Underlying 
or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to 
be applicable, the affected Basket Component by the Successor Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be 
applicable, the Successor Basket Component; and/or 
 
b) make any adjustments to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment 
terms or any other terms in these Conditions that they determine at their reasonable discretion to 
be appropriate to account for the effect of such Replacement Event. 
6. 
Occurrence of a Replacement Event 
 
Subject to § 6 (n) of these Conditions, "Replacement Event" means any of the following: 
 
a) The investment strategy or investment objective of an Investment Fund (the "Strategy") differs 
substantially from the Strategy at the Issue Date or the date on which the Underlying was adjusted 
in accordance with these Conditions, as the case may be, or from the Strategy outlined in the 
prospectus or other documents prepared in connection with the marketing of the Investment Fund 
(together the "Documents") or from the rules in relation to the Investment Fund. 
 
b) The Investment Fund introduces or increases charges or fees payable out of the assets of the 
Investment Fund or charges a subscription fee or redemption fee. 
 
c) The operation or organisation of the Investment Fund (in particular structure, procedures or 
policies) or the application of such procedures or policies has changed from that at the Issue Date 
or the date on which the Underlying was adjusted in accordance with these Conditions, as the 
case may be. 
 
d) The Investment Fund or its investment manager is or becomes subject to liquidation, dissolution, 
discontinuance or execution, or the investment manager indicates that the Strategy will not be 
met or proposes, recommends or initiates the liquidation, dissolution or discontinuance of the 
Investment Fund. 
 
e) The Investment Fund or its investment manager or any of their employees are placed under 
review or investigation by any regulatory or other authority or are subject to any charges or 
prosecution. 
 
f) The Issuer is the beneficial owner of 5 per cent. or more of the Fund Units of the Investment 
Fund or a relevant class of the Investment Fund.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
g) The Investment Fund or its investment manager becomes party to any litigation or dispute. 
 
h) Resignation, termination, loss of registration or any other change in respect of the investment 
manager of the Investment Fund or any change in the personnel of the investment manager or in 
the service providers to the Investment Fund. 
 
The provisions set out above shall apply mutatis mutandis to events other than those mentioned above, 
if the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, upon exercise of their reasonable discretion, determine that the 
economic effects of these events are comparable and may have an impact on the calculational value of 
the Fund Unit. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component shall, to 
the extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying. 
7. 
Determination of a Substitute Stock Exchange 
 
If the quotation of or trading in the Fund Unit used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket 
Component on the Relevant Exchange is permanently discontinued while concurrently a quotation or 
trading is started up or maintained on another stock exchange, the Issuer shall be entitled to stipulate such 
other exchange as new Relevant Exchange (the "Substitute Exchange") through publication in 
accordance with § 14 of these Conditions, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in 
accordance with § 8 of these Conditions. In the case of such a substitution, any reference in these 
Conditions to the Relevant Exchange thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Exchange. The 
adjustment described above shall be published in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions upon the 
expiry of one month following the permanent discontinuation of the quotation of or trading in the Fund 
Unit used as the Underlying on the Relevant Exchange. 
8. 
Corrected Price 
 
In the event that the Price of the Fund Unit used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component as 
determined and published by the Relevant Exchange is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Relevant Exchange after the original publication, but until the 
Redemption Date (exclusive), the Issuer and the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to effect, under 
consideration of the Corrected Price, adjustments to these Conditions at their reasonable discretion, to 
account for the correction. The adjustment and the date it is applied for the first time shall be published 
without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. 
9. 
Making of Adjustments and Determinations, Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt the required adjustment. Any adjustment or 
determination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error. 
10. 
Effectiveness of Adjustments and Determinations 
 
Any adjustment and determination will become effective as of the time at which the relevant adjustments 
become effective on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange or would become effective, if the Option 
Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, as the case may be.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
[Only in the case of a Fund Unit as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as 
specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final 
Terms, the following § 6 (i) of these Conditions apply:] 
 
§ 6 (i) 
Adjustments in connection with a Fund Unit 
1. 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
If a Potential Adjustment Event (§ 6 (i) (2) of these Conditions) in respect of the Fund Unit used as the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, as the Basket Component, occurs or is likely to occur, the Calculation Agent may, if it 
determines at its reasonable discretion, that such event is material and adversely affects the Underlying 
or, as the case may be, the Basket Component, or the calculation of the NAV of the Fund Unit, 
 
a) make any adjustments to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment 
terms or any other terms in these Conditions that they determine at their reasonable discretion to 
be appropriate to account for the effect of such Potential Adjustment Event, and/or 
 
b) select, by using reasonable efforts for a period of no longer than five (5) Business Days from the 
date when such a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred, one or more suitable alternative funds 
with reasonably similar investment mandates – subject to the following suitability criteria – (each 
a "Replacement Fund") and replace the Fund by such fund(s). 
 
The replacement of the Fund by one or more alternative Replacement Funds is only possible 
provided that all of the following suitability criteria are met: 
 
(i) The relevant fund management company/ies and fund manager(s) are willing to allow 
the fund to be referenced in the Securities. 
 
(ii) There is no legal or regulatory restriction on referencing the fund in respect of the 
Securities. 
 
(iii) The Issuer is able to trade at net asset value or at bid price in the fund with no direct or 
indirect fee, levy or other charge whatsoever, including subscription of redemption 
penalties applicable, or potentially applicable, to any such trading or any interest so 
acquired. 
 
(iv) The Replacement Fund is constituted as an open-ended investment company 
incorporated in an OECD country. 
 
(v) The relevant fund management company / fund manager publishes the fund’s net asset 
value or bid price on a daily basis. 
 
(vi) The Hedging Counterparty is able to fully hedge its position with respect to the fund. 
2. 
Occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means, subject to § 6 (n) of these Conditions, any of the following: 
 
a) a material change in the investment strategy, underlying portfolio liquidity or the risk/return 
profile of the Fund, a material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, 
investment restrictions, investment process or investment guidelines of the Fund (howsoever 
described, including the underlying type of assets in which the Fund invests) from those set out

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
in the Fund offer documentation or other constitutional documents or any announcement 
regarding a potential modification or material deviation, except where such modification or 
deviation is of a formal, minor or technical nature; 
 
b) the Fund or any service provider to the Fund such as investment advisors, investment managers, 
custodians, depositaries, administrators, management companies etc. (each, a "Fund Service 
Provider") (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of a Fund Service Provider, ceases to provide its 
services to the Fund and is not immediately replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable 
to the Calculation Agent, (ii) is dissolved or has a resolution passed, or there is any proposal, for 
its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); or (iii) causes or is subject to any event with respect to 
it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the 
events specified above; 
 
c) any suspension, a change in the periodicity and/or material modification of the method of 
calculating the NAV per Fund Unit set out in the fund documents on the Fixing Date; 
 
d) any change in the currency of denomination of the NAV of the relevant class of shares of the 
Fund, or the NAV of the Fund, as calculated by its administrator, not being calculated or 
announced for any scheduled Fund Business Day within the time period when the Calculation 
Agent would ordinarily expect such NAV to be available; 
 
e) the creation by the Fund of any illiquid share class or unit (howsoever described) or if the Fund 
is part of an umbrella structure with more than one sub-fund, a cross-contamination or other 
failure to segregate the portfolio of assets held by the Fund occurs between different series, 
classes and/or sub-funds; 
 
f) the regulatory, legal, accounting or tax treatment applicable with respect to the Issuer or the Fund 
is changed; 
 
g) there exists any litigation against the Fund or a Fund Service Provider and/or an allegation of 
criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the Fund, which in the reasonable 
determination of the Calculation Agent could materially affect the value of the Fund Units or the 
rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Units; 
 
h) any review or investigation of the activities of the Fund or any Fund Service Provider, by a 
relevant regulator, in connection with suspected or alleged wrongdoing or breach of any rule or 
regulation, or other similar reason, or any disciplinary action taken by such regulator in 
consequence thereof. which in the reasonable determination of the Calculation Agent could 
materially affect the value of the Fund Units or the rights or remedies of any investor in such 
Fund Units; 
 
i) a relevant authorization or license is revoked, lapses or is under review by a competent authority 
in respect of the Fund or a Fund Service Provider or new conditions are imposed, or existing 
conditions varied, with respect to any such authorization or license which in the reasonable 
determination of the Calculation Agent could materially affect the value of the Fund Units or the 
rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Units; 
 
j) the assets under management of the Fund fall below EUR 50,000,000 or the equivalent in any 
other currency; 
 
k) the Issuer is the beneficial owner of 5 per cent. or more of the Fund Units of the Fund or a relevant 
class of the Fund;

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
l) any arrangement between the Issuer and the Fund and/or a Fund Service Provider, including 
arrangements relating to subscriptions in and redemptions of Fund Units, being changed or 
terminated., where such change, modification or termination has a direct impact on the pricing 
of the Securities; 
 
m) the occurrence of any event, which prevents, hinders or materially impairs the Issuer's ability to 
conduct its hedging activities, or materially increases the cost to the Issuer of hedging 
arrangements, in relation to its exposure under these Securities including but not limited to, any 
event that renders the Issuer unable to or makes it impracticable for the Issuer to (A) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset it deems 
necessary to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Securities or (B) to realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction or asset, including, without limitation, where such inability 
or impracticability has arisen by reason of (aa) any restrictions or increase in charges or fees 
imposed by the Fund on any investor's ability to redeem a Fund Unit, in whole or in part, or any 
existing or new investor's ability to make new or additional investments in such Fund Unit, or 
(bb) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such units in the Fund; 
 
n) the occurrence of a Fund Change in Law, where a "Fund Change in Law" means that due to the 
occurrence, on or after the Issue Date of the Securities, of any of the following: 
 
(i) the adoption, taking effect or implementation of any law, order rule, regulation, decree, 
notice or treaty; 
 
(ii) any change in any law, order, rule, regulation, decree, notice or treaty or in the 
administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof, whether formal or 
informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority, governmental authority or similar 
administrative or judicial body; or 
 
(iii) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether formal or 
informal or not having the force of law) by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority, 
governmental authority or similar administrative or judicial body; provided that (x) the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the European Market 
Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR) as amended by the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Regulation (MiFIR), the Markets in Financial Instruments Directives (MiFID I and 
MiFID II) or any structural reform regulation of the European banking sector and all 
requests, rules, guidelines, directives or interpretations thereunder or issued in 
connection therewith or the administration, interpretation, implementation or application 
thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, directives or interpretations promulgated 
by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
(or any successor or similar authority), the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority or its successors (FINMA) or the United States or foreign regulatory 
authorities, or the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof 
shall each be deemed to be a "Fund Change in Law", regardless of the date enacted, 
adopted issued or applied,  
 
at the reasonable discretion of the Issuer 
 
(iv) the holding, acquisition or sale of the Fund Units of the Fund is or becomes wholly or 
partially illegal or 
 
(v) the costs associated with the obligations under the Securities have increased substantially 
(including but not limited to an increase in tax obligations, the reduction of tax benefits 
or negative consequences with regard to tax treatment);

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
o) one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the Fund or a Fund 
Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity, and the relevant Fund Service Provider fails to 
appoint a replacement having similar qualifications to those of the key individual or individuals 
ceasing to act, provided that the Fund's offer documents or other constitutional documents 
contain provisions pertaining to the occurrence of such a key person event; 
 
p) any other event or circumstance, which, in the reasonable determination of the Calculation 
Agent, causes the terms of these Securities to no longer reflect the original commercial terms 
agreed by the Issuer and the Securityholders or adversely affects the economic basis on which 
the Issuer issued the Securities; 
 
q) at any time after the Issue Date, the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates would incur an increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, reserve or 
similar requirements in relation to the Securities, capital and/or funding costs, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) or hedging costs (including, but not limited to, regulatory 
capital or operational requirements required from a Fund Change in Law) to maintain the 
Securities. 
 
The provisions set out above shall apply mutatis mutandis to any other event or circumstance, which 
causes the terms of the Securities to no longer reflect the original commercial terms agreed by the Issuer 
and the Securityholders or adversely affects the economic basis on which the Issuer issued the Securities. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Fund as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, 
shall, to the extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Replacement Fund. 
3. 
Corrected Price 
 
In the event that the price of the Fund Unit used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, as 
determined and published by a Fund Service Provider on behalf the Fund is subsequently corrected and 
the correction (the "Corrected Price") is published by a Fund Service Provider on behalf of the Fund 
after the original publication, but still within one Settlement Cycle, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent 
shall be entitled to effect, under consideration of the Corrected Price, adjustments to these Conditions at 
their reasonable discretion, to account for the correction. The adjustment and the date it is applied for the 
first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. 
4. 
Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt the required adjustment. Any adjustment or 
determination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
[Only in the case of a futures contract as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, 
as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant 
Final Terms, the following § 6 (j) of these Conditions apply:] 
 
§ 6 (j) 
Adjustments in connection with a Futures Contract 
1. 
Expiration of the Futures Contract 
 
Upon expiration of the futures contract used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in 
the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, of the Basket Component, during 
the Term of the Securities, the futures contract will be replaced on the Roll Over Date by the futures 
contract with the next Expiration Date as relevant new Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket 
Component (the "Current Underlying" or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the "Current Basket Component", (the "Roll 
Over"). If, at that time, the Issuer determines that there is no futures contract with the next Expiration 
Date, the terms or contractual characteristics of which match those of the futures contract used as the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, as the Basket Component, to be replaced, paragraph (4) shall apply 
accordingly. 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make at its reasonable discretion and considering the prices determined for 
the purpose of the Roll Over on the basis of the price of the futures contract used as the Underlying or, if 
in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, 
as the Basket Component, and of the Current Underlying or, as the case may be, the Current Basket 
Component on the Roll Over Date, adjustments to these Conditions to account for the Roll Over, to the 
extent as the Issuer considers such adjustment necessary when replacing the expiring futures contract by 
the Current Underlying or, as the case may be, the Current Basket Component. At this, adjustments will 
be effected so that the economic value of the Securities is affected as less as possible by the Roll Over. 
The adjustments in the context of a Roll Over pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the 
Issuer at its reasonable discretion and shall be published on the website of the Issuer at www.home.saxo. 
com. Any adjustment and determination shall be final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where 
there is a manifest error. 
2. 
Material change in the market conditions 
 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, a material change in the market 
conditions occurred in relation to the Relevant Reference Market relevant for the calculation and 
determination of the price of the futures contract used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket 
Component, the Issuer shall be entitled to adjust any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, 
settlement, payment terms or any other terms in these Conditions to account for the effect of these 
changed market conditions. 
3. 
Changes in the calculation; Making of Adjustments 
 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of the futures contract, shall not lead to an 
adjustment unless the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, upon exercise of their reasonable discretion 
determine that the underlying concept and the calculation (including corrections) of the Underlying or, 
if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be 
applicable, of the Basket Component, are no longer comparable to the underlying concept or calculation 
of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component applicable prior to such change. 
Adjustments may also be made as a result of the termination of the Underlying or the Basket Component 
and/or its substitution by another underlying.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
For the purpose of making any adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall at its reasonable discretion 
determine an adjusted value per unit of the futures contract as the basis of the determination of the Price 
of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, of the Basket Component, which in its result corresponds with the economic 
result prior to this change, and shall, taking into account the time the change occurred, determine the day, 
on which the adjusted value per unit of the futures contract shall apply for the first time. The adjusted 
value per unit of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component as well as the date of its 
first application shall be published without undue delay pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions. 
4. 
Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, Successor Basket Component 
 
In the event that the futures contract ceases to exist and/or is replaced by a successor futures contract (by 
any parties other than the Issuer) (subject to § 6 (n) of these Conditions, a "Replacement Event"), the 
Calculation Agent shall, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 
8 of these Conditions, determine at its reasonable discretion after having made appropriate adjustments 
according to the paragraph above, which underlying, economically equal to the underlying concept of 
the futures contract used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, shall be applicable in 
the future (the "Successor Underlying" or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the "Successor Basket Component" and to 
replace the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" 
is specified to be applicable, the affected Basket Component by the Successor Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the 
Successor Basket Component. 
 
The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket Component and the date it is 
applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these 
Conditions. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the Basket Component shall, to 
the extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the 
Successor Basket Component. 
5. 
Determination of a Substitute Reference Market 
 
If the quotation of or trading in the futures contract in the Relevant Reference Market is permanently 
discontinued while concurrently a quotation or trading is started up or maintained on another reference 
market, the Issuer shall be entitled to stipulate such other reference market as the new relevant reference 
market (the "Substitute Reference Market") through publication in accordance with § 14 of these 
Conditions, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these 
Conditions. In the case of such a substitution any reference in these Conditions to the Relevant Reference 
Market thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Reference Market. The adjustment described 
above shall be published in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions upon the expiry of one month 
following the permanent discontinuation of the quotation of or trading in the Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, in 
the Basket Component, in the Relevant Reference Market at the latest. 
6. 
Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt the required adjustment. Any adjustment or

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
determination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
[Only in the case of an interest rate as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as 
specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final 
Terms, the following § 6 (k) of these Conditions apply:] 
 
§ 6 (k) 
Adjustments in connection with the Interest Rate 
1. 
Material change in the market conditions 
 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, a material change in the market 
conditions occurred in relation to the Relevant Reference Market relevant for the calculation and 
determination of the price of the interest rate used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, the 
Issuer shall be entitled to adjust any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment 
terms or any other terms in these Conditions to account for the effect of these changed market conditions. 
2. 
Changes in the calculation; Making of Adjustments 
 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of the interest rate, shall not lead to an adjustment 
unless the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, upon exercise of their reasonable discretion determine that 
the underlying concept and the calculation (including corrections) of the Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, of 
the Basket Component, are no longer comparable to the underlying concept or calculation of the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component applicable prior to such change. Adjustments 
may also be made as a result of the termination of the Underlying or the Basket Component and/or its 
substitution by another underlying. 
 
For the purpose of making any adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall at its reasonable discretion 
determine an adjusted value per unit of the interest rate as the basis of the determination of the Price of 
the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, of the Basket Component, which in its result corresponds with the economic 
result prior to this change, and shall, taking into account the time the change occurred, determine the day, 
on which the adjusted value per unit of the interest rate shall apply for the first time. The adjusted value 
per unit of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component, as well as the date of its first 
application shall be published without undue delay pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions. 
3. 
Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, Successor Basket Component 
 
In the event that: 
 
a) the authorisation of the Issuer or of the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, to use the interest 
rate used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Basket Component for the purposes of 
the Securities is terminated or otherwise ceases to exist or 
 
b) the interest rate (or the publication thereof) has been permanently discontinued and/or replaced 
by a successor interest rate (by any parties other than the Issuer) 
 
(subject to § 6 (n) of these Conditions, a "Replacement Event") the Calculation Agent shall determine 
at its reasonable discretion, after having made appropriate adjustments according to the paragraph above, 
which interest rate shall be applicable in the future (the "Successor Underlying" or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the "Successor 
Basket Component") and to replace the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the affected Basket Component by

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
the Successor Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Successor Basket Component. 
 
The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket Component and the date it is 
applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these 
Conditions. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the Basket Component shall, to 
the extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the 
Successor Basket Component. 
4. 
Determination of a Substitute Reference Market 
 
If the calculation or publication of the interest rate in the Relevant Reference Market is permanently 
discontinued while concurrently a calculation and publication is started up or maintained on another 
reference market, the Issuer shall be entitled to stipulate such other reference market as the new relevant 
reference market (the "Substitute Reference Market") through publication in accordance with § 14 of 
these Conditions, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of 
these Conditions. In the case of such a substitution any reference in these Conditions to the Relevant 
Reference Market thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Reference Market. The adjustment 
described above shall be published in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions upon the expiry of one 
month following the permanent discontinuation of the calculation and publication of the Underlying or, 
if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be 
applicable, of the Basket Component in the Relevant Reference Market at the latest. 
5. 
Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt the required adjustment. Any adjustment or 
determination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
[Only in the case of a currency exchange rate as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case 
may be, as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the 
relevant Final Terms, the following § 6 (l) of these Conditions apply:] 
 
§ 6 (l) 
Adjustments in connection with a Currency Exchange Rate 
1. 
Material change in the market conditions 
 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, a material change in the market 
conditions occurred in relation to the Relevant Exchange Market relevant for the calculation and 
determination of the price of the currency exchange rate used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket 
Component, the Issuer shall be entitled to adjust any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, 
settlement, payment terms or any other terms in these Conditions to count for these changed market 
conditions. 
2. 
Changes in the calculation; Making of Adjustments 
 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of the currency exchange rate or of the 
composition or of the weighting of the prices or other reference assets, which form the basis of the 
calculation of the currency exchange rate, shall not lead to an adjustment unless the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent, upon exercise of their reasonable discretion, determine that the underlying concept 
and the calculation (including corrections) of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, of the Basket Component, are no 
longer comparable to the underlying concept or calculation of the Underlying or the Basket Component 
applicable prior to such change. Adjustments may also be made as a result of the termination of the 
Underlying or the Basket Component and/or its substitution by another underlying. 
 
For the purpose of making any adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall at its reasonable discretion 
determine an adjusted value per unit of the currency exchange rate as the basis of the determination of 
the Price of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, of the Basket Component, which in its result corresponds with the 
economic result prior to this change, and shall, taking into account the time the change occurred, 
determine the day, on which the adjusted value per unit of the currency exchange rate shall apply for the 
first time. The adjusted value per unit of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component, 
as well as the date of its first application shall be published without undue delay pursuant to § 14 of these 
Conditions. 
3. 
Replacement or Merger 
 
In the event that a currency used in relation to the currency exchange rate is, in its function as legal tender, 
in the country or jurisdiction, or countries or jurisdictions, maintaining the authority, institution or other 
body which issues such currency, replaced by another currency, or merged with another currency to 
become a common currency, subject to § 6 (n) of these Conditions, a "Replacement Event”) the currency 
used in connection with the currency exchange rate used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket 
Component, is, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these 
Conditions, for the purposes of these Conditions replaced, if applicable, after having made appropriate 
adjustments according to the paragraph above, by such replacing or merged currency (the "Successor 
Underlying" or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, the "Successor Basket Component"). 
 
The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket Component, and the date it is

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these 
Conditions. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the Basket Component, shall, to 
the extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the 
Successor Basket Component. 
4. 
Determinations of a Substitute Exchange Market 
 
If the quotation of or trading in the currency used in connection with the currency exchange rate on the 
Relevant Exchange Market is permanently discontinued while concurrently a quotation or trading is 
started up or maintained on another international foreign exchange market, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
stipulate such other international foreign exchange market as the new relevant international foreign 
exchange market (the "Substitute Exchange Market") through publication in accordance with § 14 of 
these Conditions, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of 
these Conditions. In the case of such a substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Relevant 
Exchange Market thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Exchange Market. The adjustment 
described above shall be published in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions upon the expiry of one 
month following the permanent discontinuation of the quotation of or trading in the currency used in 
connection with the currency exchange rate used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, in the Basket Component, on 
the Relevant Exchange Market, at the latest. 
5. 
Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt the required adjustment. Any adjustment or 
determination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
[Only in the case of a reference rate as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as 
specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final 
Terms, the following § 6 (m) of these Conditions apply:] 
 
§ 6 (m) 
Adjustments in connection with a Reference Rate 
1. 
Material change in market conditions 
 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, a material change in the market 
conditions occurred in relation to the Relevant Reference Market relevant for the calculation and 
determination of the price of the reference rate used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket 
Component, the Issuer shall be entitled to adjust any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, 
settlement, payment terms or any other terms in these Conditions to account for the effect of these 
changed market conditions. 
2. 
Changes in the calculation; Making of Adjustments 
 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of the reference rate, shall not lead to an 
adjustment unless the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, upon exercise of their reasonable discretion 
determine that the underlying concept and the calculation (including corrections) of the Underlying or, 
if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be 
applicable, the Basket Component, are no longer comparable to the underlying concept or calculation of 
the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component, applicable prior to such change. 
Adjustments may also be made as a result of the termination of the Underlying or the Basket Component 
and/or its substitution by another underlying. 
 
For the purpose of making any adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall at its reasonable discretion 
determine an adjusted value per unit of the reference rate as the basis of the determination of the Price of 
the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, of the Basket Component, which in its result corresponds with the economic 
result prior to this change, and shall, taking into account the time the change occurred, determine the day, 
on which the adjusted value per unit of the reference rate shall apply for the first time. The adjusted value 
per unit of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component, as well as the date of its first 
application shall be published without undue delay pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions. 
3. 
Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, Successor Basket Component 
 
In the event that: 
 
a) the authorisation of the Issuer or of the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, to use the reference 
rate used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Basket Component for the purposes of 
the Securities is terminated or otherwise ceases to exist or 
 
b) the reference rate (or the publication thereof) has been permanently discontinued and/or replaced 
by a successor reference rate (by any parties other than the Issuer) 
 
(subject to § 6 (n) of these Conditions, a "Replacement Event") the Calculation Agent shall determine at 
its reasonable discretion, after having made appropriate adjustments according to the paragraph above, 
which reference rate shall be applicable in the future (the "Successor Underlying" or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the "Successor 
Basket Component") and to replace the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the affected Basket Component by the Successor 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, the Successor Basket Component. 
 
The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket Component and the date it is 
applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these 
Conditions. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the Basket Component shall, to the 
extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
4. 
Determination of a Substitute Reference Market 
 
If the calculation or publication of the reference rate in the Relevant Reference Market or, as the case 
may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, by the Relevant Reference Agent, is 
permanently discontinued while concurrently a calculation and publication is started up or maintained on 
another reference market or, as the case may be, by another reference agent, the Issuer shall be entitled 
to stipulate such other reference market or reference agent as the new relevant reference market (the 
"Substitute Reference Market") or the new relevant reference agent (the "Substitute Reference 
Agent"), as the case may be, through publication in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions, provided 
that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these Conditions. In the case 
of such a substitution any reference in these Conditions to the Relevant Reference Market or, as the case 
may be, the Relevant Reference Agent thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Reference 
Market or the Substitute Reference Agent, as the case may be. The adjustment described above shall be 
published in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions upon the expiry of one month following the 
permanent discontinuation of the calculation and publication of the Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, of the Basket 
Component, in the Relevant Reference Market or, as the case may be, by the Relevant Reference Agent, 
at the latest. 
5. 
Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt the required adjustment. Any adjustment or 
determination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
[Only in the case that in the definition of "Securities" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the 
relevant Final Terms the product feature "Benchmark Adjustment" is specified to be applicable, the 
following § 6 (n) of these Conditions applies:] 
 
§ 6 (n) 
Benchmark Adjustments 
1. 
Underlyings and Basket Component as a Benchmark 
 
In the event that 
 
a) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines that the Underlying or, if in 
the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be 
applicable, a Basket Component, whose price is used to determine: 
 
(i) any amount payable under these Conditions, or 
 
(ii) the value of the Securities, 
 
qualifies as a "benchmark" within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (where the affected 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, the affected Basket Component, is also referred to as "Benchmark")), and 
 
b) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, is, due to the coming into effect 
(following any transitional provisions) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation on or after the Issue 
Date of the Securities, 
 
(i) either no longer able to use the Benchmark for the purposes of the Securities or 
 
(ii) has control over the provision of the Benchmark (administrator) within the meaning of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation without having the appropriate authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence, approval or inclusion in any official 
register which, in each case, is required under any applicable law or regulation for the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, to perform its or their respective 
obligations under these Conditions, 
 
this event shall also constitute a "Replacement Event" or, in case of Fund Units, a "Potential 
Adjustment Event" in relation to the affected Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the affected Basket Component, for 
the purposes of these Conditions. 
2. 
Other Values or References as Benchmark 
 
In the event that 
 
a) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines that any other value or 
reference in these Conditions is used to determine: 
 
(i) any amount payable under these Conditions, or 
 
(ii) the value of the Securities, 
 
qualifies as a "benchmark" within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (where the affected 
value or the affected reference is also referred to as "Benchmark")), and

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
b) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, is, due to the coming into effect 
(following any transitional provisions) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation on or after the Issue 
Date of the Securities, no longer able to use the Benchmark for the purposes of the Securities, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine with good intent and at their reasonable discretion, after 
having made appropriate adjustments to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, 
settlement, payment terms or any other terms in these Conditions, which value or reference rate 
shall be applicable in the future and to replace the affected Benchmark. 
 
Determinations of a succeeding value or reference rate and the date it is applied for the first time and any 
related adjustments of these Conditions shall be effected by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable 
discretion, under consideration of the market conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the 
Securities. Any adjustment or determination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of 
these Conditions and shall be final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest 
error.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
§ 7 
Adjustments due to the European Economic and Monetary Union 
1. 
Redenomination 
 
Where a country participates in the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union, whether 
as from 1999 or after such date, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at their reasonable discretion, shall 
be entitled to make the following adjustments to these Conditions: 
 
a) Where the Redemption Currency under these Conditions is the national currency unit other than 
Euro of a country which is participating in the third stage of the European Economic and 
Monetary Union, whether as from 1999 or after such date, such Redemption Currency shall be 
deemed to be an amount of Euro converted from the original Redemption Currency into Euro at 
the statutory applicable exchange rate and subject to such statutory applicable rounding 
provisions. 
 
After the adjustment, all payments in respect of the Securities will be made solely in Euro as 
though references in the Securities to the Redemption Currency were to Euro. 
 
b) Where these Conditions contain a currency conversion rate or any of these Conditions are 
expressed in a currency of a country which is participating in the third stage of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union, whether as from 1999 or after such date, such currency 
conversion rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions shall be deemed to be expressed in 
or, in the case of a currency conversion rate, converted for or, as the case may be, into, Euro at 
the statutory applicable exchange rate. 
 
c) The Issuer and the Calculation Agent are entitled to adjust these Conditions as they may decide 
to conform them to conventions then applicable to instruments expressed in Euro. 
 
d) The Issuer and the Calculation Agent at their reasonable discretion shall be entitled to make such 
adjustments to these Conditions as they may determine to be appropriate to account for the effect 
of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty 
establishing the European Community on these Conditions. 
2. 
No liability of the by the Issuer and the Security Agents 
 
The Issuer and the Security Agents (§ 12 of these Conditions) shall not be liable to any Securityholder 
or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to, or resulting from the transfer 
of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
3. 
Publication 
 
The adjustments and determinations of the Issuer pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by 
the Issuer at its reasonable discretion or, as the case may be, by the Calculation Agent and shall be 
published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. Any adjustment and determination 
shall be final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
§ 8 
Extraordinary Termination Right of the Issuer 
1. 
Termination by the Issuer 
 
The Issuer shall in the case of the occurrence of one of the following Termination Events, be entitled to 
terminate and redeem all but not some of the Securities by giving notice to the Securityholders in 
accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. Such termination shall become effective at the time of the 
notice in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions or at the time indicated in the notice (the 
"Termination Date"). 
2. 
Occurrence of a Termination Event 
 
A "Termination Event" means any of the following events: 
 
a) The determination and/or publication of the Price of the Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, of a 
Basket Component, is discontinued permanently, or the Issuer or the Calculation Agent obtains 
knowledge about the intention to do so. 
 
b) Adjustments pursuant to § 6 (a) – (n) of these Conditions are not possible or not justifiable with 
regard to the Issuer and/or the Securityholders. 
 
c) In the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, another material change in 
the market conditions occurred in relation to the Relevant Exchange, the Relevant Trading 
System, the Relevant Exchange Market, the Relevant Reference Market or, as the case may be, 
in relation to the Relevant Reference Agent, as specified to be applicable in the relevant Product 
Terms. 
 
d) The occurrence of any Additional Termination Event as specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Security Product. 
 
e) The occurrence of a Change in Law and/or a Hedging Disruption and/or an Increased Cost of 
Hedging. 
 
In this context: 
 
"Change in Law" means that due to 
 
(i) the coming into effect of changes in laws or regulations (including but not limited to tax 
laws); or 
 
(ii) a change in relevant case law or administrative practice (including but not limited to the 
administrative practice of the tax authorities), 
at the reasonable discretion of the Issuer 
 
(iii) the holding, acquisition or sale of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, of a Basket 
Component, is or becomes wholly or partially illegal; or 
 
(iv) the costs associated with the obligations under the Securities have increased substantially 
(including but not limited to an increase in tax obligations, the reduction of tax benefits 
or negative consequences with regard to tax treatment),

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
if such changes become effective on or after the Issue Date of the Securities. 
 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Counterparty is not able to 
 
(i) close, continue or carry out transactions or acquire, exchange, hold or sell assets 
(respectively) which at the reasonable discretion of the Hedging Counterparty are needed 
by the Hedging Counterparty in order to provide protection against price risk or other 
risks with regard to obligations under the Securities, or 
 
(ii) realise, reclaim or pass on proceeds from such transactions or assets (respectively) under 
conditions which are economically substantially equal to those on the Issue Date of the 
Securities. 
 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Counterparty has to pay a substantially 
higher amount of taxes, duties, expenditures and fees (with the exception of broker fees) 
compared to the Issue Date in order to 
 
(i) close, continue or carry out transactions or acquire, exchange, hold or sell assets 
(respectively) which at the reasonable discretion of the Hedging Counterparty are needed 
in order to provide protection against price risk or other risks with regard to obligations 
under the Securities, or 
 
(ii) realise, reclaim or pass on proceeds from such transactions or assets, respectively, with 
increased costs due to a deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging 
Counterparty not to be considered Increased Cost of Hedging. 
3. 
Payment of the Termination Amount 
 
In the case of termination by the Issuer, the Issuer shall pay to each Securityholder with respect to each 
Security it holds, the Termination Amount as specified to be applicable in the relevant Product Terms.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
[Only in the case that in the definition of "Securities" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the 
relevant Final Terms the product feature "Securityholder's Extraordinary Termination Right" is 
specified to be applicable, the following § 9 of these Conditions applies:] 
 
§ 9 
Extraordinary Termination Right of the Securityholder 
 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs, any Securityholder may by written 
notice to the Issuer declare the Securities held by it to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the 
Securityholder Termination Amount as specified in the relevant Product Terms together with accrued 
interest to the date of payment, if any, shall become immediately due and payable, unless such Event of 
Default shall have been remedied prior to the receipt of such notice by the Issuer: 
 
a) there is a default for more than 30 days in the payment of any principal due in respect of the 
Security; or 
 
b) there is a default in the performance by the Issuer of any other obligation under the Securities 
which is incapable of remedy or which, being a default capable of remedy, continues for 60 days 
after written notice of such default has been given by any Securityholder to the Issuer; or 
 
c) any order is made by any competent court or other authority in any jurisdiction or any resolution 
is passed by the Issuer (a) for the dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer, or (b) for the 
appointment of a liquidator, receiver or administrator of the Issuer or of all or a substantial part 
of the Issuer’s assets, or (c) with analogous effect for the Issuer, it is understood that anything in 
connection with a solvent reorganisation, reconstruction, amalgamation or merger shall not 
constitute an event of default; or 
 
d) the Issuer stops payment or is unable to, or admits to creditors generally its inability to, pay its 
debts as they fall due, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent, or enters into any 
composition or other arrangements with its creditors generally.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
§ 10 
Taxes 
 
In case any deduction or withholding of Taxes (as defined below) is required by law or administrative 
practice in the future, any payments in respect of the Securities shall in such cases only be made after 
deduction and withholding of such future taxes, levies or governmental charges, regardless of their 
nature, which are imposed, levied, withheld or assessed (the "Taxes") by Denmark or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. In such case, the Issuer shall account for the deducted 
or withheld Taxes with the competent government agencies and will not be required or liable to pay any 
additional amounts. 
 
In addition, payments on the Securities will be subject to (i) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
“Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code 
(“871(m) Withholding”).  In determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to 
any amounts to be paid on the Securities, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any “dividend 
equivalent” (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such 
payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under 
applicable law.  Payments on the Securities that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. 
securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate 
of 70%.  In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, 
and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined 
in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any 
additional amounts to the Securityholder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
§ 11 
Market Disruptions 
1. 
Consequences of a Market Disruption 
 
[(a)  
Provided that the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, is not an index 
comprising commodities or precious metals as Components, where a "Consideration of 
Components" is specified to be applicable, as specified in the definition of "Securities" contained 
in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, the following applies:] 
 
If, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at their reasonable discretion, a Market 
Disruption (§ 11 (3) of these Conditions) prevails on the Fixing Date or any day in respect of which the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, is in accordance with these Conditions required to 
determine the Price of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Price of the Basket Component for purposes 
other than, if specified in the applicable Product Terms, the determination of the occurrence of a Stop 
Loss Event or, as the case may be, Knock Out Event (such date is referred to as the "Scheduled 
Determination Date"), the Scheduled Determination Date, 
 
[If in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Individual Determination" is 
specified to be applicable,] 
 
in relation to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the affected Basket Component only or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be 
applicable, to the affected Component only, 
 
[If in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Collective Determination" is 
specified to be applicable,] 
 
in relation to all Underlyings or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, to all Basket Components or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, to all 
Components, 
 
shall be postponed to the next succeeding Underlying Calculation Date or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the next succeeding 
Basket Component Calculation Date, on which no Market Disruption prevails. The Issuer shall 
endeavour to notify the parties pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions without delay of the occurrence of a 
Market Disruption. However, there is no notification obligation. 
 
[(b)  
Only in case of an index comprising commodities or precious metals as Components, where a 
"Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, as the Underlying or a Basket 
Component, as the case may be, as specified in the definition of "Securities" contained in the 
section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, the following applies:] 
 
If, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at their reasonable discretion, a Market 
Disruption (see (3) of this § 11 of these Conditions) prevails on the Fixing Date or any day in respect of 
which the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, is in accordance with these Conditions 
required to determine the Price of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition 
of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Price of the Basket Component (such date 
is referred to as the "Scheduled Determination Date"), the Scheduled Determination Date, 
 
[If in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Individual Determination" is

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
specified to be applicable,] 
 
in relation to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the affected Basket Component only, 
 
[If in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Collective Determination" is 
specified to be applicable,] 
 
in relation to all Underlyings or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, to all Basket Components, shall be postponed to the next 
succeeding Underlying Calculation Date or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the next succeeding Basket Component 
Calculation Date, on which no Market Disruption prevails. The Issuer shall endeavour to notify the 
parties pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions without delay of the occurrence of a Market Disruption. 
However, there is no notification obligation. 
 
With respect to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the Basket Component or, as the case may be, the affected 
Component, such prevailing Market Disruption causes that the Price of the Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the 
Price of the Basket Component, shall not be determined by reference to the official closing price of the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, to the official closing price of the Basket Component, if any, on the relevant Scheduled 
Determination Date but shall instead be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
(i) with respect to each Component which is not affected by the Market Disruption, the Price of the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" 
is specified to be applicable, the Price of the Basket Component, will be based on the settlement 
price of such Component on the relevant Scheduled Determination Date; 
 
(ii) with respect to each Component which is affected by the Market Disruption, the Price of the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" 
is specified to be applicable, the Price of the Basket Component, will be based on the settlement 
price of each such Component on the first succeeding Underlying Calculation Date or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be 
applicable, to the next succeeding Basket Component Calculation Date on which no Market 
Disruption prevails. 
2. 
Continuance of a Market Disruption 
 
[(a)  
Provided that the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, is not an index 
comprising commodities or precious metals as Components, where a "Consideration of 
Components" is specified to be applicable, as specified in the definition of "Securities" contained 
in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, the following applies:] 
 
If the Scheduled Determination Date has been postponed, due to the provisions of § 11(1) of these 
Conditions, by eight Underlying Calculation Dates or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition 
of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, by eight Basket Component Calculation Dates, 
and if the Market Disruption continues to prevail on this day, this day shall be the relevant day in respect 
of which the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall make its determination in 
accordance with these Conditions, 
 
[If in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Individual Determination" is 
specified to be applicable,]

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
in relation to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the affected Basket Component or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, 
to the affected Component, 
 
[If in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Collective Determination" is 
specified to be applicable,] 
 
in relation to all Underlyings or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, to all Basket Components or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, to all 
Components, no further postponement shall take place. 
 
The Calculation Agent will then, at its reasonable discretion and taking into account (i) the market 
conditions then prevailing and (ii) such other conditions or factors as the Issuer and the Calculation Agent 
reasonably consider to be relevant, estimate the relevant Price of the Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the relevant 
Price of the (affected) Basket Component or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, the relevant price of the 
affected Component, in relation to the postponed Scheduled Determination Date (which for the avoidance 
of doubt could be zero (0)) on the basis of the latest Prices of the Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, Prices of the 
Basket Component or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a 
"Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, prices of the affected Component, 
available to the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, taking into account the economic position of the 
Securityholders. 
 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, an estimate in accordance with the 
preceding sub-paragraph is, for whatsoever reason, not possible, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent 
will, at their reasonable discretion and taking into account (i) the market conditions then prevailing, (ii) 
such other conditions or factors as the Issuer and the Calculation Agent reasonably consider to be 
relevant, (iii) the expenses of the Issuer, if any, caused by the Market Disruption and (iv) taking into 
account the economic position of the Securityholders, determine whether and in which amount, if 
applicable, the Issuer will make payment of a redemption amount in the Redemption Currency, if any. 
The provisions of these Conditions relating to the Redemption Amount shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
such payment. 
 
[(b)  
Only in case of an index comprising commodities or precious metals as Components, where a 
"Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, as the Underlying or a Basket 
Component, as the case may be, as specified in the definition of "Securities" contained in the 
section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, the following applies:] 
 
If the Scheduled Determination Date has been postponed, due to the provisions of § 11(1) of these 
Conditions, by eight Underlying Calculation Dates or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition 
of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, by eight Basket Component Calculation Dates, 
and if the Market Disruption continues to prevail on this day, this day shall be the relevant day in respect 
of which the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall make its determination in 
accordance with these Conditions, 
 
[If in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Individual Determination" is 
specified to be applicable,] 
 
in relation to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the affected Basket Component. 
 
[If in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Collective Determination" is 
specified to be applicable,] 
 
in relation to all Underlyings or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, to all Basket Components, no further postponement shall take 
place. 
 
With respect to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the affected Basket Component, the Calculation Agent will 
then, at its reasonable discretion, determine the price of the relevant Component (which for the avoidance 
of doubt could be zero (0)). 
 
The Calculation Agent will determine the Price of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Price of the (affected) 
Basket Component, with respect to the relevant Scheduled Determination Date by using the prices of the 
Components determined pursuant to the aforementioned provisions relating to the Underlying or, if in 
the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, 
of the (affected) Basket Component, in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the 
Index applied by the Index Sponsor prior to the occurrence of the Market Disruption. 
3. 
Occurrence of Market Disruption 
 
A "Market Disruption" shall mean 
 
[(A)  
in case of a share as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as specified 
in the definition of "Securities" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final 
Terms,] 
 
in relation to the share: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the share on any day relevant for 
determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction 
imposed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion 
considers significant: 
 
(i) on the Relevant Exchange in general (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the Relevant Exchange), or 
 
(ii) on the Relevant Exchange in the share provided that a major number or a major part in 
terms of market capitalisation is affected (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange), or 
 
(iii) on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, if Option Contracts on the share are 
traded there, or 
 
(iv) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a 
"Currency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the foreign exchange market(s) 
in which the rates for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(v) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Exchange (e.g. due to movements in

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange) or due to a moratorium, 
which is declared in respect of banking activities in the country, in which the Relevant 
Exchange is located, or due to any other reasons whatsoever, or 
 
c) the relevant price is a "limit price", which means that the price for the share for a day has 
increased or decreased from the immediately preceding day’s relevant price by the maximum 
amount permitted under applicable rules of the Relevant Exchange, or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for the Share. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading hours on the Relevant Exchange announced in advance at least one (1) hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours on the Relevant Exchange 
or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Exchange for execution on the relevant 
day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due to price developments 
exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption if such restriction 
continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(B)  
in case of a Certificate representing shares as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the 
case may be, as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product 
Terms" of the relevant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the certificate representing shares: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the certificate representing shares 
on any day relevant for determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction 
imposed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion 
considers significant, 
 
(i) on the Relevant Exchange in general (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the Relevant Exchange), or 
 
(ii) on the Relevant Exchange in the certificate representing shares provided that a major 
number or a major part in terms of market capitalisation is affected (e.g. due to 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange), 
 
(iii) on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, if Option Contracts on the certificate 
representing shares are traded there, or 
 
(iv) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a 
"Currency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the foreign exchange market(s) 
in which the rates for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(v) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Exchange (e.g. due to movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange) or due to a moratorium, 
which is declared in respect of banking activities in the country, in which the Relevant 
Exchange is located, or due to any other reasons whatsoever, or 
 
c) the relevant price is a "limit price", which means that the price for the certificate representing

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
shares for a day has increased or decreased from the immediately preceding day’s relevant price 
by the maximum amount permitted under applicable rules of the Relevant Exchange, or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for the certificate representing shares. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading hours on the Relevant Exchange announced in advance at least one (1) hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours on the Relevant Exchange 
or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Exchange for execution on the relevant 
day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due to price developments 
exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption if such restriction 
continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(C)  
in case of a non-equity security as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, 
as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the 
relevant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the non-equity security: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the non-equity security on any day 
relevant for determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction 
imposed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion 
considers significant: 
 
(i) in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms, in general (e.g. due to movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System, 
as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms), or 
 
(ii) in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms, in the non-equity security, provided that a 
major number or a major part is affected (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System, as the case may 
be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms), or 
 
(iii) on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, if Option Contracts on the non-equity 
security are traded there, or 
 
(iv) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a 
"Currency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the foreign exchange market(s) 
in which the rates for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(v) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading 
System, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, (e.g. due 
to movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the 
Relevant Trading System, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms) or due to a moratorium, which is declared in respect of banking activities in the 
country, in which the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System is located, or 
due to any other reasons whatsoever, or

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
c) the relevant price is a "limit price", which means that the price for the Non-Equity Security for a 
day has increased or decreased from the immediately preceding day’s relevant price by the 
maximum amount permitted under applicable rules of the Relevant Trading System or the 
Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for the Non-Equity Security. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading hours in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case 
may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, announced in advance at least one (1) hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours in the Relevant Trading 
System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Trading System or into the 
Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, for execution 
on the relevant day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due to price 
developments exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption if such 
restriction continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(D)  
in case of a commodity as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as 
specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the 
relevant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the commodity: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the commodity on any day relevant 
for determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction 
imposed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion 
considers significant: 
 
(i) in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms, in general (e.g. due to movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System, 
as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms), or 
 
(ii) in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms, in the commodity, provided that a major 
number or a major part is affected (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System, as the case may 
be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms), or 
 
(iii) on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, if Option Contracts on the commodity 
are traded there, or 
 
(iv) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a 
"Currency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the foreign exchange market(s) 
in which the rates for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(v) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
System, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, (e.g. due 
to movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the 
Relevant Trading System, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms) or due to a moratorium, which is declared in respect of banking activities in the 
country, in which the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System is located, or 
due to any other reasons whatsoever, or 
 
c) the relevant price is a "limit price", which means that the price for the commodity for a day has 
increased or decreased from the immediately preceding day’s relevant price by the maximum 
amount permitted under applicable rules of the Relevant Trading System or the Relevant 
Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for the commodity. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading hours in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case 
may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, announced in advance at least one (1) hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours in the Relevant Trading 
System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Trading System or into the 
Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, for execution 
on the relevant day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due to price 
developments exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption if such 
restriction continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(E)  
in case of a precious metal as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as 
specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the 
relevant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the precious metal: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the precious metal on any day 
relevant for determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction 
imposed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion 
considers significant: 
 
(i) in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms, in general (e.g. due to movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System, 
as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms), or 
 
(ii) in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms, in the precious metal, provided that a major 
number or a major part is affected (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System, as the case may 
be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms), or 
 
(iii) on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, if Option Contracts on the precious 
metal are traded there, or

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
(iv) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a 
"Currency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the foreign exchange market(s) 
in which the rates for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(v) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading 
System, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, (e.g. due 
to movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the 
Relevant Trading System, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms) or due to a moratorium, which is declared in respect of banking activities in the 
country, in which the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System is located, or 
due to any other reasons whatsoever, or 
 
c) the relevant price is a "limit price", which means that the price for the precious metal for a day 
has increased or decreased from the immediately preceding day’s relevant price by the maximum 
amount permitted under applicable rules of the Relevant Trading System or the Relevant 
Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for the precious metal. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading hours in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case 
may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, announced in advance at least one (1) hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours in the Relevant Trading 
System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Trading System or into the 
Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, for execution 
on the relevant day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due to price 
developments exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption if such 
restriction continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(F)  
in case of an index as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as specified 
in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final 
Terms,] 
 
in relation to the Index or, as the case may be, and if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, to each of its Components: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the Price of the Index or, as the case may be, 
and if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of 
Components" is specified to be applicable, of the price a Component, on any day relevant for 
determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction 
imposed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion 
considers significant: 
 
(i) in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms, or, if in the applicable Product Terms in 
the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be 
applicable, on the stock exchange(s) or in the market(s) on/in which the Components are

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
quoted or traded, in general (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits permitted 
by the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System, as the case may be, and as 
specified in the applicable Product Terms or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be 
applicable, by the stock exchange(s) or the market(s) on/in which the Components are 
quoted or traded), or 
 
(ii) in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms, or, if in the applicable Product Terms in 
the definition of "Underlying" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be 
applicable, on the stock exchange(s) or in the market(s) on/in which the Components are 
quoted or traded, in the Index or, as the case may be, in the Components of the Index in 
the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as 
specified in the applicable Product Terms, or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be 
applicable, in the market(s) on/in which the Components are quoted or traded, provided 
that a major number or a major part in terms of market capitalisation is affected (e.g. due 
to movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the 
Relevant Trading System, as the case may be, or by the stock exchange(s) or the 
market(s) on/in which the Components are quoted or traded), or 
 
(iii) on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, if Option Contracts on the Index or, as 
the case may be, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a 
"Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, on the Components are 
traded there, or 
 
(iv) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a 
"Currency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the foreign exchange market(s) 
in which the rates for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(v) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading 
System, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, or, if in 
the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of 
Components" is specified to be applicable, of the stock exchange(s) or of the market(s) 
on/in which the Components are quoted or traded, (e.g. due to movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System, 
as the case may be, or by the stock exchange(s) or the market(s) on/in which the 
Components are quoted or traded) or due to a moratorium, which is declared in respect 
of banking activities in the country, in which the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant 
Trading System is located, or due to any other reasons whatsoever, or 
 
c) the relevant price is a "limit price", which means that the price for the Index or, as the case may 
be, and if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of 
Components" is specified to be applicable, the affected Component, for a day has increased or 
decreased from the immediately preceding day’s relevant price by the maximum amount 
permitted under applicable rules of the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System, as 
the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be 
applicable, the stock exchange(s) or the market(s) on/in which the Components are quoted or 
traded, or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at 
their reasonable discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for the Underlying or, as the case may be, and if

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of 
Components" is specified to be applicable, all Components. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading hours in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case 
may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, announced in advance at least one (1) hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours in the Relevant Trading 
System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Trading System or into the 
Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, for execution 
on the relevant day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due to price 
developments exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption if such 
restriction continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(G)  
in case of an index comprising commodities or precious metals as Components, where a 
"Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, as the Underlying or a Basket 
Component, as the case may be, as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the 
section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the Index comprising commodities or precious metals as Components or to each of its 
Components: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the Index or, as the case may be, of 
the price a Component on any day relevant for determining any amounts under these Conditions, 
or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction 
imposed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion 
considers significant: 
 
(i) on the Relevant Exchange or on the stock exchange(s) or in the market(s) on/in which 
the Components are quoted or traded, in general (e.g. due to movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the stock exchange(s) or the 
market(s) on/in which the Components are quoted or traded), or 
 
(ii) on the Relevant Exchange or on the stock exchange(s) or in the market(s) on/in which 
the Components are quoted or traded, in the Index or, as the case may be, in the 
Components of the Index, provided that a major number or a major part is concerned, 
(e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or 
the stock exchange(s) or the market(s) on/in which the Components are quoted or 
traded), or 
 
(iii) on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, if Option Contracts on the Index or on 
the Components are traded there, or 
 
(iv) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a 
"Currency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the foreign exchange market(s) 
in which the rates for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(v) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Exchange (whether by movements 
in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or otherwise) or due to a 
moratorium, which is declared in respect of banking activities in the country, in which 
the Relevant Exchange is located, or due to any other reasons whatsoever, or

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
c) the relevant price is a "limit price", which means that the price for a Component has, at any point 
during the last fifteen minutes of trading on the Relevant Exchange, increased or decreased from 
the previous day’s closing price by the maximum amount permitted under the applicable rules 
of the Relevant Exchange or the stock exchange(s) or the market(s) on/in which the Components 
are quoted or traded, or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at 
their reasonable discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for the Underlying or, as the case may be, the 
affected Component. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading hours on the Relevant Exchange announced in advance at least one (1) hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours on the Relevant Exchange 
or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Exchange for execution on the relevant 
day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due to price developments 
exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption if such restriction 
continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(H)  
in case of an exchange trade fund unit as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case 
may be, as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" 
of the relevant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the exchange traded Fund Unit: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the Fund Unit on any day relevant 
for determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction 
imposed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion 
considers significant: 
 
(i) on the Relevant Exchange in general (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the Relevant Exchange), or 
 
(ii) on the Relevant Exchange in the Funds Unit, provided that a major number or a major 
part is affected (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the 
Relevant Trading System), or 
 
(iii) on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, if Option Contracts on the Fund Unit 
are traded there, or 
 
(iv) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a 
"Currency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the foreign exchange market(s) 
in which the rates for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(v) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Exchange (e.g. due to movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange) or due to a moratorium, 
which is declared in respect of banking activities in the country, in which the Relevant 
Exchange is located, or due to any other reasons whatsoever, or 
 
c) the relevant price is a "limit price", which means that the price for the Fund Unit for a day has

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
increased or decreased from the immediately preceding day’s relevant price by the maximum 
amount permitted under applicable rules of the Relevant Exchange, or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for the Fund Unit. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading hours on the Relevant Exchange announced in advance at least one (1) hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours on the Relevant Exchange 
or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Exchange for execution on the relevant 
day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due to price developments 
exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption if such restriction 
continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(I)  
in case of a not exchange traded fund unit as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the 
case may be, as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product 
Terms" of the relevant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the not exchange traded Fund Unit: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the Fund Unit on any day relevant 
for determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a "Currency 
Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the foreign exchange market(s) in which the rates 
for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
c) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for the Fund Unit. 
 
[(J)  
in case of a futures contract as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as 
specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the 
relevant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the futures contract: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the Futures Contract on any day 
relevant for determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction 
imposed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion 
considers significant: 
 
(i) on the Relevant Reference Market or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms, in general (e.g. due to movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Reference Market), or 
 
(ii) on the Relevant Reference Market or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms, in the futures contract, provided that a 
major number or a major part is affected (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the Relevant Reference Market or the Relevant Exchange, as the case may

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms), or 
 
(iii) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a 
"Currency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the foreign exchange market(s) 
in which the rates for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(iv) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Reference Market or the Relevant 
Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, (e.g. 
due to movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Reference Market 
or the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms) or due to a moratorium, which is declared in respect of banking activities in the 
country, in which the Relevant Reference Market or the Relevant Exchange, as the case 
may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, is located, or due to any other 
reasons whatsoever, or 
 
c) a significant change in the method of price determination or in the trading conditions relating to 
the Futures Contract on the Relevant Reference Market or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case 
may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, (e.g. in terms of the composition, the 
quantity or the dealing currency), or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at 
their reasonable discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for the futures contract. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading on the Relevant Reference Market announced in advance at least one (1) hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours on the Relevant Reference 
Market or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Reference Market for 
execution on the relevant day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due 
to price developments exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption 
if such restriction continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(K)  
in case of an interest rate as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as 
specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the 
relevant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the Interest Rate: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the interest rate on any day relevant 
for determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction 
imposed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion 
considers significant: 
 
(i) on the Relevant Reference Market in general (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the Relevant Reference Market), or 
 
(ii) on the Relevant Reference Market in relation to the interest rate, provided that a major 
number or a major part is affected (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the Relevant Reference Market), or 
 
(iii) on a futures and options exchange, if option and futures contracts on the interest rate are

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
traded there, or 
 
(iv) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a 
"Currency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the foreign exchange market(s) 
in which the rates for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(v) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Reference Market (e.g. due to 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Reference Market) or 
due to a moratorium, which is declared in respect of banking activities in the country, in 
which the Relevant Reference Market is located, or due to any other reasons whatsoever, 
or 
 
c) a significant change in the trading conditions relating to the Interest Rate on the Relevant 
Reference Market (e.g. in terms of the composition, the quantity or the dealing currency), or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at 
their reasonable discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for the interest rate. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading on the Relevant Reference Market announced in advance at least one (1) hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours on the Relevant Reference 
Market or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Reference Market for 
execution on the relevant day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due 
to price developments exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption 
if such restriction continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(L)  
in case of a currency exchange rate as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may 
be, as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the 
relevant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the currency exchange rate: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the currency exchange rate on any 
day relevant for determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a Relevant Country (aa) imposes any controls or announces its intention to impose any controls 
or (bb) (i) implements or announces its intention to implement or (ii) changes or announces its 
intention to change the interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations, in each case 
which the Calculation Agent determines is likely to affect the Issuer’s and/or any of its affiliates’ 
ability to acquire, hold, transfer or realise the currency used in connection with the currency 
exchange rate or otherwise to effect transactions in relation to such currency, or 
 
c) the occurrence at any time of an event, which the Issuer and the Calculation Agent determine at 
their reasonable discretion would have the effect of preventing, restricting or delaying the Issuer 
and/or any of its affiliates from: 
 
(i) converting the currency used in connection with the currency exchange rate into the 
Redemption Currency or into another currency through customary legal channels or 
transferring within or from any Relevant Country any of these currencies, due to the 
imposition by such Relevant Country of any controls restricting or prohibiting such 
conversion or transfer, as the case may be;

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
(ii) converting the currency used in connection with the currency exchange rate into the 
Redemption Currency or into another currency at a rate at least as favourable as the rate 
for domestic financial institutions located in any Relevant Country; 
 
(iii) delivering the currency used in connection with the currency exchange rate from 
accounts inside any Relevant Country to accounts outside such Relevant Country; or 
 
(iv) transferring the currency used in connection with the currency exchange rate used 
between accounts inside any Relevant Country or to a party that is a non-resident of such 
Relevant Country. 
 
d) a limitation, suspension or disruption or a restriction imposed on trading, the latter of which is in 
the Issuer’s and Calculation Agent’s opinion significant: 
 
(i) in the currency used in connection with the currency exchange rate on the Relevant 
Exchange Market in general, or 
 
(ii) on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, if Option Contracts on the currency used 
in connection with the currency exchange rate are traded there, or 
 
(iii) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a 
"Currency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the foreign exchange market(s) 
in which the rates for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(iv) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Exchange Market or due to a 
moratorium, which is declared in respect of banking activities in the country, in which 
the Relevant Exchange Market is located, or due to any other reasons whatsoever. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading hours on the Relevant Exchange Market announced in advance at least one (1) 
hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours in the Relevant 
Exchange Market or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Exchange for 
execution on the relevant day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due 
to price developments exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption 
if such restriction continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(M)  
in case of a reference rate as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as 
specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the 
relevant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the reference rate: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the reference rate on any day 
relevant for determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction 
imposed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion 
considers significant: 
 
(i) on the Relevant Reference Market or the Relevant Reference Agent, as the case may be, 
and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, in general (e.g. due to movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Reference Market or the Relevant 
Reference Agent, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms),

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
or 
 
(ii) on the Relevant Reference Market or the Relevant Reference Agent, as the case may be, 
and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, in relation to the reference rate, 
provided that a major number or a major part is concerned (e.g. due to movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Reference Market or the Relevant 
Reference Agent, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms), 
or 
 
(iii) on a futures and options exchange, if option and futures contracts on the reference rate 
are traded there, or 
 
(iv) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a 
"Currency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the foreign exchange market(s) 
in which the rates for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(v) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Reference Market or the Relevant 
Reference Agent, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, 
(e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Reference 
Market or the Relevant Reference Agent, as the case may be, and as specified in the 
applicable Product Terms) or due to a moratorium, which is declared in respect of 
banking activities in the country, in which the Relevant Reference Market or the 
Relevant Reference Agent, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms, is located, or due to any other reasons whatsoever, or 
 
c) a significant change in the method of price determination or in the trading conditions relating to 
the reference rate on the Relevant Reference Market or the Relevant Reference Agent, as the 
case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at 
their reasonable discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for the reference rate. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading hours on the Relevant Reference Market or at the Relevant Reference Agent, 
as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, announced in advance at least one 
(1) hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours on the Relevant 
Reference Market or at the Relevant Reference Agent, as the case may be, and as specified in the 
applicable Product Terms, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Reference 
Market or at the Relevant Reference Agent, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms, for execution on the relevant day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of 
any day due to price developments exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a 
Market Disruption if such restriction continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
§ 12 
Security Agents 
1. 
General 
 
The Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent, each as specified in the applicable Product Terms, (the 
"Security Agents") shall assume the role as Security Agent in accordance with these Conditions. 
2. 
Vicarious Agent 
 
Each of the Security Agents acts exclusively as vicarious agent of the Issuer and has no obligations to 
the Securityholder. 
3. 
Replacement, Appointment and Revocation 
 
The Issuer is entitled at any time to replace any or all of the Security Agents by another company, to 
appoint one or several additional Security Agents, and to revoke their appointments. Such replacement, 
appointment and revocation shall be notified in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. 
4. 
Resignation of Security Agents 
 
Each of the Security Agents is entitled to resign at any time from its function upon prior written notice 
to the Issuer. Such resignation shall only become effective if another company is appointed by the Issuer 
as Calculation Agent or as Paying Agent, as the case may be. Resignation and appointment are notified 
in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
§ 13 
Substitution of the Issuer 
1. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
 
Provided that the Issuer is not in default with its obligations under the Securities, the Issuer is at any time 
entitled, without the consent of the Securityholders, to substitute another company within the Group as 
issuer (the "Substitute Issuer") with respect to all obligations under or in connection with the Securities, 
if: 
 
a) the Substitute Issuer assumes all obligations of the Issuer under or in connection with the 
Securities, 
 
b) (A) the Issuer and the Substitute Issuer have obtained all necessary authorisations as well as 
consents and (B) may transfer to the Principal Paying Agent in the Redemption Currency and 
without being obligated to deduct or withhold taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by 
the country, in which the Substitute Issuer or the Issuer has its domicile or tax residence, all 
amounts required for the fulfilment of the payment obligations arising under the Securities, 
 
c) the Substitute Issuer has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Securityholder against any 
tax, duty or other governmental charge imposed on such Securityholder in respect of such 
substitution, and 
 
d) the Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the obligations of the Substitute Issuer. 
2. 
References 
 
In the event of any such substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on 
be deemed to refer to the Substitute Issuer. Furthermore, any reference to the country, in which the Issuer 
is domiciled or resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country of 
domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Issuer. 
3. 
Publication 
 
The substitution of the Issuer shall be final, binding and conclusive on the Securityholders and will be 
published to the Securityholders without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
§ 14 
Publications 
 
If and to the extent that binding provisions of effective law provide for other forms of publication, such 
publications must be made in addition and as provided for. Any such notice shall be effective as of the 
publishing date (or, in the case of several publications as of the date of the first such publication), unless 
such notice provides for a later effective date. 
 
To the extent these Conditions provide for a notice pursuant to this § 14 of these Conditions, these will 
be published on the website of the Issuer at www.home.saxo.com and become effective vis-à-vis the 
Securityholders through such publication unless the notice provides for a later effective date.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
§ 15 
Issue of further Securities; Purchase of Securities, Cancellation 
1. 
Issue of further Securities 
 
The Issuer is entitled at any time to issue, without the consent of the Securityholders, further securities 
having the same terms and conditions as the Securities so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single series with such Securities, and references to "Security" shall be construed accordingly. 
2. 
Purchase of Securities 
 
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries is entitled at any time to purchase, without the consent of the 
Securityholders, Securities at any price in the open market or otherwise. If purchases are made by tender, 
tenders must be available to all Securityholders alike. Such Securities may be held, reissued, resold or 
cancelled, all at the option of the Issuer. 
3. 
Cancellation of Securities 
 
All Securities redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
§ 16 
 
Intentionally left blank

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
§ 17 
Governing Law; Jurisdiction 
1. 
Governing Law 
 
The form and content of the Securities as well as all rights and duties arising from the matters provided 
for in these Conditions shall, subject to § 17 (2) of these Conditions in every respect be governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with Danish law.  
2. 
Jurisdiction 
 
The courts of Denmark (and any appellate court therefrom) shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
proceedings that may arise out of or in connection with any Securities and accordingly any proceedings 
may be brought in such courts.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
§ 18 
Corrections; Severability 
1. 
Modifications and Amendments 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to modify or amend, as the case may be, these Conditions in each case without 
the consent of the Securityholders in such manner as the Issuer deems necessary, if the modification or 
amendment: 
 
a) is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or 
 
b) is made to cure a manifest or proven error; or 
 
c) is made to cure any ambiguity; or 
 
d) is made to correct or supplement any defective provisions of these Conditions; or 
 
e) is made to correct an error or omission such that, in the absence of such correction, the Conditions 
would not otherwise represent the intended terms of the Securities on which the Securities were 
sold and have since traded; or 
 
f) will not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Securityholders. 
2. 
Publication 
 
Any modification or amendment of these Terms and Conditions shall take effect in accordance with its 
terms and be binding on the Securityholders and shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance 
with § 14 of these Conditions (but failure to give such notice, or non-receipt thereof, shall not affect the 
validity of such modification or amendment). 
3. 
Invalidity in whole or in part 
 
If any of the provisions of these Conditions is or becomes invalid in whole or in part, the remaining 
provisions shall remain valid. The invalid provision shall be replaced by a valid provision, which, to the 
extent legally possible, serves the economic purposes of the invalid provision. The same applies to gaps, 
if any, in these Conditions.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
§ 19 
 
Intentionally left blank

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
§ 20 
 
Intentionally left blank

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
§ 21 
 
Intentionally left blank

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
Form of Final Terms for an issue of Securities by Saxo Bank A/S under the Programme.  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS IN BELGIUM - the Securities are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to 
“consumers” (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de 
droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are 
outside his/her trade, business or profession.] 
 
FINAL TERMS DATED [●] 
 
in connection with the Base Prospectus dated 22 November 2021 (as supplemented from time to time) of 
Saxo Bank A/S 
 
SAXO BANK A/S 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300TL54006IC1XKD09 
 
Issue of [●]  
 
ISIN: [●] 
 
Linked to [insert Underlying: [●]] 
 
These final terms (the "Final Terms") have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(4) the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published 
when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC (the "Prospectus Regulation") and provide additional information to the base prospectus dated 22 
November 2021, as supplemented from time to time (the "Base Prospectus", together with the Final Terms, the 
"Prospectus"). Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus. 
 
These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, including all information 
incorporated by reference therein and any supplement(s) thereto in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of 
the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, as supplemented from time to time. 
However, a summary of the individual issue of the Securities is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base 
Prospectus, any supplement to the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing on the website 
of the Issuer at www.home.saxo.  
 
[in case of an increase of Securities having been offered under the Base Prospectus insert the following text: The 
Securities will be consolidated and form a single series with the previously issued Securities with ISIN: [●]]

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
Table of Contents 
 
Page 
Overview of the Security structure 
 
Part A - Product Terms 
[●] 
Product Terms Part 1: Key Terms and Definitions of Securities 
[●] 
Product Terms Part 2: Special Conditions of the Securities 
[●] 
Part B - Offering and Sale 
[●] 
I. Offering for Sale and Issue Price 
[●] 
II. Subscription, Purchase and Delivery of Securities 
[●] 
Part C - Other information  
[●] 
I. Intentionally left blank 
[●] 
II. Intentionally left blank 
[●] 
III. Listing and Trading 
[●] 
IV. Further commissions paid by the Issuer 
[●] 
V. Any interests, including conflicting ones, of natural and legal persons 
involved that is material to the issue/offer of the Securities 
[●] 
VI. Ratings 
[●] 
VII. Intentionally left blank 
[●] 
VIII. Intentionally left blank 
[●] 
IX. Intentionally left blank 
[●] 
Part D- Intentionally left blank 
[●] 
Part E - Information about the Underlying 
[●] 
Annex to the Final Terms: issue specific summary 
[●]

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE SECURITY STRUCTURE 
 
[if the Securities are issued as Turbo's Long, insert the following: 
 
1. Turbo's Long 
 
[Insert description of the relevant Turbo's Long from "Overview of Programme - Functioning of the Securities", 
leaving out terms not relevant for the Security, and/or replacing them with their defined content, as appropriate. 
For these purposes, information or product types not already described in the Base Prospectus may not be 
included.] 
 
During their term, the Turbo's Long do not generate any regular income (e.g. dividends or interest).] 
 
[if the Securities are issued as Turbo's Short, insert the following: 
 
2. Turbo's Short 
 
[Insert description of the relevant Turbo's Short from "Overview of Programme - Functioning of the Securities", 
leaving out terms not relevant for the Security, and/or replacing them with their defined content, as appropriate. 
For these purposes, information or product types not already described in the Base Prospectus may not be 
included.] 
 
During their term, the Turbo's Short do not generate any regular income (e.g. dividends or interest).] 
 
[if the Securities are issued as Turbo's XL Long, insert the following: 
 
3. Turbo's XL Long 
 
[Insert description of the relevant Turbo's XL Long from "Overview of Programme - Functioning of the 
Securities", leaving out terms not relevant for the Security, and/or replacing them with their defined content, as 
appropriate. For these purposes, information or product types not already described in the Base Prospectus may 
not be included.] 
 
During their term, the Turbo's XL Long do not generate any regular income (e.g. dividends or interest).] 
 
[if the Securities are issued as Turbo's XL Short, insert the following: 
 
4. Turbo's XL Short 
 
[Insert description of the relevant Turbo's XL Short from "Overview of Programme - Functioning of the 
Securities", leaving out terms not relevant for the Security, and/or replacing them with their defined content, as 
appropriate. For these purposes, information or product types not already described in the Base Prospectus may 
not be included.]  
 
During their term, the Turbo's XL Short do not generate any regular income (e.g. dividends or interest).] 
 
[if the Securities are issued as Factor (Long) Certificates, insert the following: 
 
5. Factor (Long) Certificates  
 
[Insert description of the relevant Factor (Long) Certificates from "Overview of Programme - Functioning of the 
Securities", leaving out terms not relevant for the Security, and/or replacing them with their defined content, as 
appropriate. For these purposes, information or product types not already described in the Base Prospectus may 
not be included.]

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
During their term, the Factor (Long) Certificates do not generate any regular income (e.g. dividends or interest).] 
 
[if the Securities are issued as Factor (Short) Certificates, insert the following: 
 
6. Factor (Short) Certificates 
 
[Insert description of the relevant Factor (Short) Certificates from "Overview of Programme - Functioning of 
the Securities", leaving out terms not relevant for the Security, and/or replacing them with their defined content, 
as appropriate. For these purposes, information or product types not already described in the Base Prospectus 
may not be included.]  
 
During their term, the Factor (Short) Certificates do not generate any regular income (e.g. dividends or interest).]

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
PART A - PRODUCT TERMS 
 
The following "Product Terms" of the Securities shall, for the relevant Securities, amend and put in concrete 
terms the General Conditions for the purposes of such Securities. A version of these Product Terms as amended 
and completed for the specific issue will be contained in the applicable Final Terms and must be read in 
conjunction with the General Conditions. 
 
The Product Terms are composed of: 
 
Part 1: Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities; and 
 
Part 2: Special Conditions of the Securities (for the individual types of Securities). 
 
Product Terms and General Conditions together constitute the "Conditions" of the relevant Securities. 
 
In the event of any inconsistency between these Product Terms and the General Conditions, these Product Terms 
shall prevail for the purposes of the Securities. 
 
[Insert security specific Product Terms comprising "Part 1: Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities" and 
"Part 2: Special Conditions of the Securities" as amended and completed for the specific issue of Securities. (If 
the Product Terms relates to more than one series (each a "Series") of Securities, to the extent that any term 
differs for one or more Series, insert for the relevant item in table.)]

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
PART B - OFFERING AND SALE 
 
I. Offering for Sale and Issue Price 
Offering for Sale and Issue Price: 
The [specify designation of the Turbo's Long / Short or Turbo's 
XL Long / Short or Factor (Long) Certificates / Factor (Short) 
Certificates: [●]] (the "Securities", and each a "Security") are 
issued by the Issuer in the Issue Size. 
 
[The Issue Price [will be] [was] fixed [at the Start of the public 
offer of the Securities (as defined in "II. Subscription, Purchase 
and Delivery of the Securities" below)] [on the Fixing Date], 
[based on the prevailing market situation and the price of [the 
Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to 
an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] [, and 
[will [then] be made] [is] available at the Issuer].] [As of the Start 
of the public offer of the Securities] [As of the Fixing Date] 
[Thereafter,] the selling price [will [then] be] [was] adjusted on a 
continual basis to reflect the prevailing market situation.] 
[Issue Size: 
The Issue Size means [●] [Securities]. [indicative. The Issue Size 
will be fixed [on the Fixing Date [at the Fixing Time].*]]  
 
[Aggregate Amount of the Issue: 
[Issue Price x Issue Size] [●]. [indicative. The Aggregate Amount 
of the Issue will be fixed on the Fixing Date [at the Fixing 
Time].*]]  
 
Issue Date: 
The Issue Date means [●]. 
Issue Price [; Offering Premium]: 
[The Issue Price equals [●] [plus an offering premium amounting 
to [●] per Security.] [indicative. The Issue Price will be fixed on 
the Fixing Date [at the Fixing Time].]  
 
[The Issue Price [per Security] includes product specific 
[initial][entry] [●] costs [equal to [approx.] [specify amount: [●]]] 
[in an amount of [approx.] [specify amount: [●]].][●] 
[Estimated total expenses of the 
issue/offer of the Securities: 
[●] 
[Estimated net amount of the 
proceeds: 
[●] 
 
 
II. Subscription, Purchase and Delivery of Securities

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
Subscription, 
Purchase 
and 
Delivery of the Securities: 
[As of the Start of the public offer of the Securities, the] [The 
Securities may be purchased from the Issuer during normal 
banking hours]. [The offer of the Securities is made on a 
continuous basis.] There will be no subscription period. The Issue 
Price per Security is payable on the Initial Payment Date, or in 
case of Securities purchased on or after the Initial Payment Date, 
on the second business day after the purchase date.  
 
Only customers of the Issuer or a company within the Group who 
hold a brokerage account with the Issuer or a company within the 
Group can purchase the Securities. 
 
Upon receipt of the Issue Price per Security on the Initial 
Payment Date, or in case of Securities purchased on or after the 
Initial Payment Date, on the second business day after the 
purchase date, the appropriate number of Securities shall be 
credited to the investor’s securities account with the Issuer by 
way of book-entry in such securities account.  
 
[Start of the public offer of the 
Securities: 
[specify start of the public offer of the Securities: [●]]  
 
[Categories of potential investors 
to which the Securities are 
offered: 
 
[Qualified investors within the meaning of the Prospectus 
Regulation] [Non-qualified investors] [specify other: [●]]]  
 
[Information with regard to the 
manner and date, in which the 
result of the offer are to be made 
public: 
 
[give details with regard to the manner and date in which results 
of the offer are to be made public: [●].] 
Initial Payment Date: 
The Initial Payment Date means [●].

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
PART C - OTHER INFORMATION  
 
I. Intentionally left blank 
 
 
 
II. Intentionally left blank 
 
 
 
III. Listing and Trading 
Listing and Trading 
The Issuer does not intend to apply for admission of the 
Securities to trading on a regulated market or other equivalent 
market.  
 
The Securities will become tradable on the electronic trading 
systems CATS-OS and/or CATS-LS (collectively "CATS"), 
operated by Boerse Stuttgart cats GmbH (or its successor in 
respect of CATS). CATS is a bilateral trading system and only 
facilitates bilateral transactions.  
 
[Provided that the Securities have not been terminated by the 
Issuer [and provided that the Securities have not expired early] 
prior to the Expiration Date, trading of the Securities shall cease 
[[two] [●] trading day[s] prior to] [on] [the Valuation Date] [the 
Final Valuation Date] [the Expiration Date] [the Redemption 
Date] [●] (such day, the "Last Exchange Trading Day"). [As of 
the Last Exchange Trading Day trading may only take place off 
exchange with the Market Maker] [●].]] ]  
 
[Last Exchange Trading Day: 
The Last Exchange Trading Day means [specify last exchange 
trading day: [●]].] 
[Last Exchange Trading Time: 
The Last Exchange Trading Time means [specify last exchange 
trading time: [●]].] 
 
 
IV. Further commission paid by the Issuer 
Further commissions paid by the 
Issuer: 
[Not Applicable] [if applicable, specify further commissions paid 
by the Issuer: [●]] 
 
 
V. Any interests, including conflicting ones, of natural and legal persons involved that is material to the 
issue/offer of the Securities 
Any interests etc.: 
[to be inserted*] 
 
[[As] far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue 
of [each Series of] the Securities has an interest material to the 
offer.]

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
 
VI. Rating 
Rating: 
The Securities have not been rated. 
 
 
 
VII. Intentionally left blank 
 
 
 
VIII. Intentionally left blank 
 
 
 
IX. Intentionally left blank

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
PART D - Intentionally left blank

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
PART E – INFORMATION ABOUT THE UNDERLYING 
 
The following information about [the Underlying] [the Underlyings] comprises extracts or summaries of 
information publicly available. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced. As far 
as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
[Insert information about the Underlying(s) including, the ISIN, if available, and where applicable, the source(s) 
of the information provided or, as the case may be, link to website(s) providing information about the 
Underlying(s), and indicate where information about the past and the further performance of the Underlying(s) 
and its/their volatility can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge: 
[●]] 
 
[if applicable, insert clear and prominent information stating whether the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register referred to in Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation: [●]]

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
ANNEX TO THE FINAL TERMS: ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
 
[Insert completed summary by amending and completing the summary of the base prospectus as appropriate to 
the terms of the specific issue].

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE UNDERLYING 
 
The Securities may be based on the performance of a share (including a certificate representing shares), an index, 
a currency exchange rate, a precious metal, a commodity, an interest rate, a non-equity security, a fund unit, a 
futures contract, or, as the case may be, and as specified in the relevant Final Terms, a reference rate (including, 
but not limited to, interest rate swap (IRS) rates, currency swap rates or, as the case may be, credit default swap 
levels), as well as a basket comprising the aforementioned assets.  
 
If an index is used as Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, such index will, in any case, not 
be composed by the Issuer or a legal entity belonging to the Group.  
 
In case an Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, used to determine any amount payable under 
the Conditions qualifies as a benchmark within the meaning of the Benchmark Regulation, the applicable Final 
Terms shall, if required in accordance with the Benchmark Regulation, include clear and prominent information 
stating whether the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. Furthermore, transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation 
may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under 
the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer 
does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
LIBOR is provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited and EURIBOR is provided by the European 
Money Markets Institute; as at the date hereof, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited and the European Money 
Markets Institute appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation.  
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the relevant Underlying and state where information on the relevant 
Underlying, in particular on its past and future performance and on its volatility, can be found and whether or not 
the Issuer intends to provide further information on the Underlying.  
 
An index used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, may in accordance with its index 
rules include fees (e.g. calculation fees or fees related to changes in the composition of the index), which are 
taken into account when calculating the level of the index. As a result, any of these index fees reduce the level of 
the index and have an adverse effect on the index and reduce any amounts to be paid under the Securities. In 
certain cases, this could even lead to a partial or total loss of the invested capital.  
 
If the index used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, is calculated as a so-called price 
index, dividends or other distributions, if any, that are paid out from the index components are not taken into 
account when calculating the level of the index and may have a negative impact on the price of the index, because 
the index components will be traded at a discount after the pay-out of dividends or distributions. Thus, 
Securityholders do not participate in any dividends or other distributions paid out or made on components 
contained in the index.  
 
If, for the calculation or specification of amounts payable under the Securities, the performance of a price index 
is compared with the performance of a total return index, potential investors should note that if such indices are 
compared, the price index will in general bear a structural disadvantage since dividends or other distributions on 
the index components are not taken into account for the price indices.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
The purpose of the issuance of the Securities is for the Group to give its clients the possibility to invest in 
structured products. The net proceeds of the issue of the Securities will be applied by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes, which includes making profit.  
 
The estimated net proceeds and total expenses of each issue of Securities will be included in the Final Terms.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SAXO BANK GROUP 
 
Overview 
 
The Saxo Bank Group is a leading fintech specialist that connects people to investment opportunities in global 
capital markets. The Saxo Bank Group’s vision is to democratise trading and investing by enabling its clients 
and partners through the Group's platforms, tools and knowledge to fulfil their financial aspirations and make 
an impact.  
 
The Issuer was founded in Copenhagen in 1992 as the brokerage firm Midas A/S. The Group was among the 
first financial institutions to develop an online trading platform that provided ordinary traders and investors with 
the same tools and market access as professional traders and fund managers. In 2001, the Group was formally 
established as a fully regulated Danish bank and began the journey from forex trading to being a pioneer in 
developing an online trading platform across international financial markets. Over the years the Saxo Bank 
Group has utilised its unique technology capabilities and expertise in financial markets to build a platform that 
provides real-time access to capital markets, enabling tailor-made trading and investment strategies, while 
allowing individuals to analyse and risk manage their wealth with the tolls of professionals.  
 
Headquartered in Copenhagen, the Group has an international presence in financial centres and local sales and 
services teams around the world. The Saxo Bank Group holds banking licenses in Denmark, Netherlands and 
Switzerland, and financial licenses in six other jurisdictions.  
 
The Saxo Bank Group offers and operates a multi-asset and diversified product portfolio of more than 50,000 
financial instruments and access to more than 85 exchanges and trading venues with 15 banks providing market 
liquidity. This allows the Group's clients to trade and invest in cash and fund products, in leveraged products or 
let the experts manage their money through one of the managed portfolios built by external experts. With the 
exception of a few FX vanilla options, the instruments offered are in general directly referencing observable 
market prices. The Saxo Bank Group's client base comprises direct traders ("Traders"), direct investors 
("Investors") and wholesale clients and direct bank-to-bank clients ("SAS (wholesale)"). The Traders and 
Investor constitute the Group's bank-to-client ("B2C") or direct business, whereas the SAS (wholesale) is 
servicing the same type of end-clients (investors and traders) but on a bank-to-bank-to-client ("B2B2C") or 
bank-to-bank-to-bank ("B2B2B") basis. The Saxo Bank Group supports more than 120 financial institutions 
and more than 300 financial intermediaries globally. In 2020, the Saxo Bank Group executed approximately 
67,1 million trades and had DKK 9,046 million assets under management as of 31 December 2020.  
 
The Saxo Bank Group 's proprietary technology is a key to its success, and the Group continuously invest to 
remain in the forefront of technology and to improve the experience of navigating financial markets. The Group's 
platforms and application programming interface ("API"s) offer the clients and partners a seamless and user-
friendly trading and investing experience through desktop, mobile and tablet.  
 
Financial Highlights of the Saxo Bank Group 
DKK million 
First six 
months 
2021 
2020  
20191) 
 
  
 
  
Income statement 
 
  
 
Net interest, fees and commissions 
1,801 
3,064 
1,974 
Price and exchange rate adjustments 
624 
1,251 
637 
Staff costs and administrative expenses 
-1,482 
-2,708 
-2,582 
Impairment charges loans and receivables 
0 
-24 
-9 
Result from joint ventures 
9 
-7 
-0

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
Profit before tax 
693 
1,080 
109 
Net profit 
512 
750 
40 
 
 
 
 
Statement of financial position  
 
 
 
Loans and other receivables at amortised cost 
5,462 
4,811 
9,883 
Deposits 
65,921 
60,197 
59,311 
Subordinated debt 
814 
776 
1,140 
Total equity 
7,156 
7,401 
7,082 
Total assets 
86,081 
78,784 
74,930 
 
 
 
 
Other 
 
 
 
Client assets 
594,699 
477,509 
383,974 
Number of full-time-equivalent staff (end-of-year) 
2,490 
2,224 
2,170 
 
 
  
 
EBITDA  
 
 
 
Net profit before tax 
693 
1,080 
109 
Adjusted for: 
 
 
 
Depreciation, amortization and impairments 
253 
448 
612 
Result from joint ventures 
-9 
7 
0 
Interest expenses, non-core 
25 
78 
100 
 
 
 
 
EBITDA 
693 
1,612 
822 
 
 
 
 
Key figures and ratios 
 
  
 
Total capital ratio 
29.8 % 
32.6 % 
32.9 % 
Tier 1 capital ratio 
25.6 % 
27.9 % 
26.3 % 
Return on equity before tax 
18.7 % 
14.9 % 
1.7 % 
Return on equity after tax 
13.8 % 
10.4 % 
0.6 % 
Income/cost ratio 
139.6 % 
133.3 % 
103.4 % 
Interest rate risk 
-1.2 % 
-1.8 % 
1.3 % 
Foreign exchange rate risk/Tier 1 capital 
10.9 % 
8.9 % 
5.5 % 
Loans and other receivables plus impairment charges/Deposits 
8.3 % 
8.1 % 
16.7 % 
Loans and other receivables proportional to Total equity 
0.76 
0.65 
1.40  
Growth in loans and other receivables 
-35.9 % 
-51,3 % 
>1,000 % 
Liquidity coverage ratio 
315.6 % 
324.1 % 
450.1 % 
Sum of large exposures/CET1 capital 2) 
21.6 % 
22.3 % 
28.3 % 
Loss and provisions ratio  
0.0 % 
0.5 % 
0.1% 
Return on assets 
1.2 % 
1.0 % 
0.1% 
 
1) Key figures and ratios are impacted by acquisition of BinckBank N.V. from August 2019. 
 
2) Change in computation of large exposures applied from 2018. Comparative figures are not restated. 
 
See page 92 in the Annual Report 2020 for definitions. 
 
Company details 
 
The Issuer was incorporated on 1 April 1992. The name of the Issuer is Saxo Bank A/S. The Issuer also carries

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
on business under the secondary names Saxobank.com A/S, forextrading bank A/S, forextrading.com bank A/S 
and CPH Capital bank A/S. 
 
The Issuer is a public limited liability company incorporated in Denmark and is subject to Danish law. The 
registered office of the Issuer is at Philip Heymans Allé 15, DK-2900 Hellerup, Denmark, with telephone 
number +45 39774000 and Danish corporate registration number 15 73 12 49 (which is also the tax identification 
number). The Issuer's LEI code is 549300TL5406IC1XKD09. 
 
The website of the Issuer is www.home.saxo.dk. The information on the Issuer's website, or any other website, 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the DFSA and does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that 
information is explicitly incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
 
Business Model 
 
The core business of the Group is to provide financial services within online trading, investment and other 
investment services within capital markets, and thus acting as a facilitator. The Group delivers capital markets 
access, products and services through its multi asset platforms to Traders, Investors and SAS (wholesale). Based 
on its open business model, the Group unbundles the value chain, source from the best in the market, process 
through one technology stack, and deliver to clients through its platforms – all tied together by the 
SaxoExperience. 
 
Business model 
 
Source: Group information 
 
By design, the facilitator model ensures alignment of the interest of Saxo Bank Group and the interest of its 
clients. Transparency is a key element of Group's business model, and by not running a market making operation 
or back-book, the Group is not generating profits of clients' losses. This makes the Group different from many 
other online trading and investment providers as the Group's business model is not dependent on client losses 
and on offering excessive leverage.  
 
The SaxoExperience is a personalised experience spanning all the clients’ touchpoints through the entire

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
lifecycle with the Saxo Bank Group. The quality of the experience is defined by how the Group aligns across 
all touchpoints, serve the individual needs of the clients, deliver on its key objectives and build both a sound 
money making logic and a strong brand affinity with the clients.  
 
While the Saxo Bank Group is a digital, platform-first company, it operates a commercial model where sales 
and service are coordinated centrally and executed locally. Through its sales staff in the local offices, the Group 
offers sales and service process towards its direct VIP and Platinum clients and partner clients.  
 
Strategic Direction  
 
The Saxo Bank Group's vision is to enable people to fulfil their financial aspirations and to make an impact. To 
that end, the Group has adopted a Strategy and Execution Plan for 2021 – 2023 to expand its reach to more 
clients, in particular in the investor business, becoming more relevant for the trader business, to professionalise 
its partnership business and ensure its technology is scalable, flexible and agile.  
 
The strategic direction of the Saxo Bank Group as laid down in the Strategy and Execution Plan for 2021 – 2023 
is to build scale and growth. The Saxo Bank Group is operating, constantly developing and improving the full 
digital value chain that the Group delivers to its clients and its partners. The Group call this the "Foundation". 
The Saxo Bank Foundation is the Group's core where it develops people, processes, products, platforms, 
technology, and the use of data to drive scale, flexibility and agility to meet the Group's objectives for Traders, 
Investors and SAS (wholesale) while managing risk and compliance prudently. The Group monitors and track 
its strategy execution through a set of KPIs that remains relevant both at Group level as well as by client 
segmentations geography, product, platforms. 
 
Clients 
 
The Group's business is facilitating access to global capital markets, completely focused on its three main client 
areas: Traders, Investors and SAS (wholesale). 
 
Traders 
Direct traders are B2C clients that trade actively with higher risk, shorter holding periods and primarily trade 
margin products. Traders prefer using the sophisticated trading tools and timely data delivered by the Saxo Bank 
through the SaxoTrader-PRO or SaxoTraderGO platforms. Traders are defined as direct clients with  more than 
50 per cent. of trades in margin products (contracts for difference ("CFD"), FX, futures and options). 
 
Investors 
Direct investors are B2C client that have a long-term investment horizon, focus on cash products with a lower 
risk profile. Investors are either self-directed or delegating, where the majority of their assets are in asset 
management products. The Group services Investors through the SaxoInvestor and SaxoTraderGO platforms. 
Investors are defined as direct clients with more than 50 per cent. of trades in non-margin/cash products (stocks, 
bonds, mutual funds). 
 
SAS (wholesale) 
Wholesale clients (or White Label solution) is a fast and cost-effective way for a bank or broker to offer an 
online trading platform to their customers. Wholesale clients thereby use the Group's capabilities to provide 
access for their end clients to the global capital markets by leveraging the Group's infrastructure and solutions. 
Under the White Label concept, the Group handles the operation, post-trade processing, online risk management 
and the entire back-end system, thereby enabling the banks and brokers and other financial clients to focus on 
client service and acquisition. Such wholesale partners represent a significant part of the clients trading on the 
Saxo Bank Group trading platforms. The Group, in its capacity as facilitator-partner, merely provides the 
wholesale partners, the market access, liquidity etc. through its on-line investment-trading platform (or APIs) 
and related infrastructure. There is no direct relationship between the Saxo Bank Group and the wholesale

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
partners' underlying clients.  
 
Overview of clients 
 
Source: Group information 
 
Clients are being onboarded in Denmark, UK, Netherlands, Belgium, France, Switzerland, Italy, Singapore, 
Hong Kong, Japan and Australia. 
 
The Group's total number of clients amounted to 662,0001, of which approximately 454,000 were direct clients 
and 208,000 were wholesale end clients as of end of 2020. At the same time, the Group held DKK 478 billion 
of assets on behalf of its clients. 
 
The chart below shows how trading related revenue is distributed across the client segments. 
 
Share of trading related revenue, FY2020 
 
Source: Group information

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
Liquidity provider and banking counterparties 
 
The Group utilises a number of exchange memberships, financial counterparts for its trading, banking, clearing 
and settlement activities. By aggregating market liquidity and services from multiple sources, the Group is able 
to stream competitive prices, spreads and service its clients in a cost-effective way. 
 
Products  
 
The Group offers more than 50,000 instruments that allows the clients to trade and invest in cash and fund 
products, in leveraged products or let the experts manage their money through one of the managed portfolios 
built by external experts. As one of the only companies in the world, the Saxo Bank Group offers and operates 
a truly multi-asset and diversified product portfolio globally for both retail and professional clients. 
 
The Group offers products and services such as FX, exchange traded bonds, stocks and funds as well as CFDs, 
exchange traded futures and options and plain vanilla FX options. FX, CFDs, Options (FX options and exchange 
traded options) and futures can be traded on margin, enabling clients to enter into nominal investments/ positions 
that exceed the value of their deposits with the Group, with dynamic margin changes reflecting the changes in 
the risk profile of the trades. To facilitate clients’ trading in margin products, the Group allows clients to use 
cash deposits, stocks and bonds as collateral.  
 
Additionally, two types of collateralized lending are offered: i) margin lending, and ii) securities lending. Margin 
lending is offered to clients in BinckBank (Netherlands, Belgium, and Italy) and to clients of Saxo Bank Hong 
Kong. The number of clients and the outstanding debt is insignificant in all other markets than Netherlands. The 
margin lending product offerings enables the client to buy stocks, shares, etc. based on the value of the clients 
existing portfolio combined with a bank loan. The clients´ position and the margin loan is in a closed circuit, 
and subject to monitoring (intraday as well as end-of-day) to ensure that the Group´s exposure is always fully 
secured by the collateral. 
 
Securities lending is where the Group borrows securities from clients on principal basis and lends out the 
securities to a financial counterpart who pays a lending fee depending on the demand on those securities.  All 
securitized lending is fully collateralized by minimum the carrying value of the securities and typically 
collateralized by 105 per cent. 
 
To offer the best SaxoExperience and increase the relevance for all its clients, the Group continues to invest in 
developing the products and portfolios offered. As an example, in 2020 the Group added FX swaps, Malaysian 
equities, US listed options in Japan, ASX options in Australia, eIPOs in Hong Kong, turbo's in France, CFDs in 
Italy, and in the first half year of 2021, the Group launched Crypto FX to its platforms, which make it possible 
for its clients to trade cryptocurrencies as FX spot pairs (Bitcoin, Ethereum and Litecoin against EUR, USD, 
and Japanese yen). The Group looks forward to offering more innovative products to its clients in the second 
half of 2021. 
 
To assist its clients in making more informed decisions, the Group develops timely and relevant content, 
investment themes where investors can be inspired or express their interests and make an impact by investment 
in themes they believe in. One example is renewable energy where the investment thesis is laid out by the 
strategy team of the Group, SaxoStrats, and a number of stocks and ETFs fitting within the theme are shown. 
Another is a dedicated welcome screen, educating clients on risk management strategies and tools, which allows 
the clients to protect their portfolios and the Group to cross and upsell. 
 
Platforms 
 
All of the Group's platforms are built on a scalable HTML5 infrastructure. The platforms offer seamless access 
across desktop, mobile and tablets for all clients. The Saxo Bank Group has received more than 85 industry 
awards for its connectivity and platforms, including recent awards such as “Bank of the Year” at the annual

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
2021 Finanswatch conference in Denmark and ‘Best Retail FX Broker’ category at the 2020 Finance Magnates 
Awards. 
 
The Saxo Bank Group offers three platforms (Investor, Go, Pro) and two API infrastructures (Open and Fix). 
The platforms are where the Group services its clients and once onboarded, the clients can access all platforms 
from one single account. 
 
• 
SaxoInvestor. A simple, easy to use platform for self-directed and delegating investors. The platform focuses 
on cash products only and gives Investors the opportunity to build long-term portfolios across stocks, bonds, 
mutual funds, ETFs, and SaxoSelect portfolios. It is designed to provide clients with inspiration by offering 
various investment themes and a comprehensive instrument screener. SaxoInvestor is an integral part of the 
Group's SAS (wholesale) offering across markets as the platform is developed with a dedicated focus on 
flexibility and customisation. The offering is limited to cash products, i.e. stocks, bonds, mutual funds, 
ETFs, and SaxoSelect portfolios. 
 
• 
SaxoTraderGO. The more advanced platform, which allows access to margin products and more advanced 
trading tools. The platform is designed for Traders and Investors requiring high mobility.  
 
• 
SaxoTraderPRO. The platform is targeted to professional Traders and offers great opportunities for intuitive, 
customized user-interface setup, as well as full access to one of the world’s largest trading universe and risk 
management features. The platform is designed for very active traders and institutional clients that demand 
unparalleled access to global capital markets combined with a high level of control through advanced trading 
tools, fast and reliable execution and extensive options for customisations to fit their individual trading needs. 
 
• 
Open API. Access to the Group's entire capital markets infrastructure on the same API used by the Group's 
award-winning platforms (including market data) through a single REST web API based on modern 
standards. 
 
• 
FIX API. Gain market access through a fast, flexible and fully documented electronic infrastructure and 
receive tailored multi-asset liquidity via FIX API. 
 
Geographical footprint 
 
The Saxo Bank Group is headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark. The Saxo Bank Group is an international 
group represented in financial centres and local sales and services teams around the world, including London, 
Amsterdam, Singapore, Shanghai, Hong Kong, Sydney, Tokyo, Paris, Zurich, Milan (BG Saxo SIM), Dubai, 
and Delhi. The Saxo Bank Group's sales and service teams are located in 17 offices around the world.   
 
The Saxo Bank Group holds banking licenses in Denmark, Netherlands and Switzerland, and financial licenses 
in six other jurisdictions.  
 
Market overview  
 
The Group operates on the online trading and investment market. The online trading and investment market is 
characterized by continuous development of digital banking and investments. The Saxo Bank Group serves both 
the direct clients (traders and investors being retail as well as institutional investors) and financial intermediaries 
(brokers and banks) with no direct relationship to the end-client. 
 
The Group operates internationally, with the geographical markets where most of the Group's clients are residing 
being Denmark, the Netherlands, Belgium and Singapore.  
 
Acquisitions and joint ventures

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
In August 2019, the Issuer acquired BinckBank N.V., which added approximately DKK 214 billion in client 
assets, marking a significant milestone in the history of Saxo Bank. BinckBank is an online bank for investors 
and savers, established in the Netherlands and was at the time for the acquisition listed on the Euronext 
Amsterdam exchange. BinckBank was subsequently delisted. BinckBank’s services are deployed from its 
headquarter in the Netherlands and its local branches in Belgium, France, and Italy. BinckBank offers services 
in investment, asset management and savings, and targets its services to retail clients, businesses/legal entities, 
and independent asset managers. In 2020 and 2021, the Group continued according to plan with the integration 
of BinckBank, and the Issuer expects the integration to be completed in 2021. After the completion of the 
integration, all clients will be served on Saxo Bank's infrastructure and platforms. 
 
In December 2019, Saxo Bank announced a fintech joint venture with Geely to serve the Chinese market. This 
was a significant milestone bringing unique commercial opportunities to Saxo Bank and deepening its 
cooperation with Geely. The Issuer owns 50 per cent. of the shares in Saxo Geely Tech Holding A/S. The entity 
is a jointly controlled entity. The purpose with the entity is to hold shares in entities established to provide 
financial and regulatory technology solutions to financial institutions such as banks and fintechs in Mainland 
China. In 2020, Saxo Geely Tech Holding A/S established a subsidiary in China, Saxo Financial Technology 
Company Limited (Saxo FinTech). 
 
Funding and financing 
 
The Group finances its activities through its operating income, deposits and the issuance of debt instruments 
(Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital). The Group expects that its future activities will also be financed through operating 
income, deposits and the issuance of debt instruments.  
 
Organisation  
 
Daily management of the business lines in the Group is carried out by the Executive Team. The Executive Team 
is responsible for the efficient execution of the Group's strategic plans, priorities and initiatives, and for 
developing functional plans within their specific areas of responsibility in line with the overall strategy of the 
Group. The Executive Team ensures cross-functional collaboration between the various business lines of the 
Group. 
 
The Executive Team comprise the Board of Management, CSXO, CSO, CHRO, CEO Mid-Europe, CEO APAC 
& Global Head of Saxo Advanced Solutions. The Group is divided into global functional departments: CEO 
office, Group Human Resources, Global Finance Operations, Global Compliance and Risk, COO, Global Sales 
and Saxo Experience. The Group's employees work in cross-departmental team along the value chain.  
 
Human rights, diversity and employee engagement  
The Saxo Bank Group has a key focus on securing the best talent regardless of age, gender, religion, ethnicity 
or nationality. Throughout the organisation, the Group encourages and aims for diversity in all its dimensions 
in the hiring process, graduate programmes and other internal operations. The Saxo Bank Group employs 65 
different nationalities as it recognises that employee diversity brings important business benefits such as adding 
different perspectives and ideas into business decisions, enhancing innovation and strengthening internal 
collaboration. The Issuer has a goal of increasing the number of women at all leadership levels in the bank and 
has implemented a gender diversity policy and set targets for the gender diversity in the Board of Directors. 
 
The Saxo Bank Group complies with collective agreements and human rights across its offices and is committed 
to achieving a work environment founded on equality and diversity. The Saxo Bank Group has a zero-tolerance 
policy to any form of discrimination of its employees or anyone involved in the Bank’s activities.  
 
Employee engagement is a constant focus for the leadership of the Issuer. The Saxo Bank Group has a 
comprehensive policy on employee matters that is built on fairness, transparency and well-being of the 
employee. The Group carries out annual Employee Engagement Surveys which are used to identify its strengths

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
as a company but also areas of improvement and development, thereby enabling the Group to act, change and 
create a better working environment to become an even higher performing and stronger organisation. As of 30 
June 2021, the Group employed 2,490 full-time employees.  
 
Climate and Environment 
On a corporate level, the Saxo Bank Group is also committed to reducing its impact on the environment. As a 
digital-first business, the Group's carbon footprint remains relatively low. The Group also leverages technology 
to cool its building and servers with sea water. Since 2019, the Saxo Bank Group has done away with the use 
of plastic bottles, cups, cutleries etc. and have replaced these with glass bottles and pottery instead. Furthermore, 
the Group has instilled a number of initiatives in the canteens of in its major locations, aiming at significantly 
reducing food waste and carbon footprint. These initiatives are driven in cooperation with suppliers and partners. 
 
Group Legal, Group Compliance and Financial Crime 
 
The Issuer’s Legal Department is headed by its General Counsel who is responsible for all legal matters across 
the Group. 
 
The purpose of the compliance function is to assist the Group in managing its compliance risk. Compliance risk 
is defined as the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss, or loss to reputation the Group may suffer as 
a result of its failure to comply with the requirements of applicable legislation and regulations including the 
Danish Financial Business Act, securities regulations, and anti-money laundering and personal data protection 
laws and regulations. In addition, the Group has a wide range of compliance programmes and surveillance 
systems for the monitoring of its day-to-day activities. 
 
Given the global nature of the Issuer’s business the centralised functions are assisted by local legal and 
compliance resources in each region and external counsel where necessary. 
 
Being a facilitator of access to global capital markets for traders, investors and partners worldwide, the Saxo 
Bank Group is exposed to the risk of being used as a conduit for money laundering, terrorist financing and 
transactions imposed with sanctions. See also risk factor no. 10 "The Group is subject to extensive regulation". 
To address and mitigate these risks, the Board of Directors has adopted group-wide policies, including risk 
appetite statements which outline clear limits for operations such as client and transaction acceptance. These 
policies are available to all employees and integrated in relevant written procedures and processes. The policy 
framework is promoted via managers as mandatory reading as through annual mandatory training sessions.  
 
The Saxo Bank Group has also taken a wide range of initiatives to increase transparency and to increase 
confidence from clients so that they can make the best choice when choosing a facilitator. As one of the first 
banks, the Saxo Bank Group has signed up to the FX Global Code of Conduct, which is aimed at improving 
industry standards and promoting best practice among FX market participants. 
 
In addition, in 2020 Saxo Bank appointed an Anti-Bribery and Corruption Officer who is tasked with assessing 
compliance with the policy and to whom suspicions of bribery or corruption within the Group can be reported.  
 
Group Risk Management 
 
The Group’s overall risk management framework and governance structure is established by the Board of 
Directors and based on recommendations from the Board Risk Committee. The Board of Directors has in the 
Board Instructions laid out a set of instructions to the Board of Management on management of the day-to-day 
business of the Group. 
 
The Board Instructions are supplemented by the Group Risk Management Governance & Policies and the Risk 
Appetite Statements, which defines Saxo Bank's risk management framework and articulates the Group’s risk 
appetite and includes specific limits for the Group’s risk taking activities.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
The Chief Risk Officer (CRO) has the overall responsibility for maintaining and developing the risk 
management framework, as well as for controlling and reporting Saxo Bank Group’s risks. The Group is 
exposed to different risk types which are further specified, together with more information about the Group's 
Risk Management objectives and policies, in the Group’s Risk Report 2020 available at  2020-risk-report-saxo-
bank-and-saxo-bank-group.pdf (home.saxo). 
 
The information on the Issuer's website, or any other website, has not been scrutinised or approved by the DFSA 
and does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is explicitly incorporated by reference 
into the Base Prospectus. 
 
Capital Management of the Group 
 
The purpose of the Group’s capital management is to ensure that the Group has sufficient capital at all times to 
cover the risks associated with its activities. 
 
The framework for the Group’s capital management is rooted in the CRD IV Pillars I, II and III, and the primary 
capital management tool is the Group’s Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process ("ICAAP"). 
 
The calculation of the ICAAP is based on an internal process in which the Board of Management, supported by 
Group Risk and Capital Management, assesses the Group’s risks. A full ICAAP is performed when required 
and at least once a year. Capital adequacy levels are assessed, approved by the Board of Directors and reported 
to the DFSA on a quarterly basis. The ICAAP reports are available at www.saxobank.com/investor-relations. 
 
The Group has defined a Capital Policy in order to determine the overall guidelines for the management of the  
Group’s capital and the assessment of the capital requirement. The Group recognises that a strong capital 
position is necessary for maintaining a strong capital, liquidity and funding position and therefore the Group has 
defined an internal solvency surplus buffer (on top of the capital requirement) which defines the minimum 
distance to the capital requirement relative to REA. If this buffer is breached, the internal policy dictates that 
dividends cannot be paid out. An internal Capital Surplus buffer is defined to avoid early intervention or breach 
of the capital requirement which would impose restrictions on the Group. 
 
In addition, the Group maintains a capital plan. The goal of the capital plan is to ensure that the Group maintains 
sufficient capitalisation to both meet its capital requirements and support its risk profile and strategic goals. For 
this, it takes into consideration both short-term and long-term effects of changes to the risk profile. As such, the 
Group's capital plan considers expectations to regulations, strategic initiatives and any other potential major 
changes to the risk profile, and thereby the future solvency needs. The capital plan is reviewed at least on 
quarterly basis, or more frequently if needed, to ensure that the Group's projected capital adequacy is up-to date. 
 
The Group’s capital requirements are disclosed in the Group's Risk Report 2020 available at 2020-risk-report-
saxo-bank-and-saxo-bank-group.pdf (home.saxo). 
 
The information on the Issuer's website, or any other website, has not been scrutinised or approved by the DFSA 
and does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is explicitly incorporated by reference 
into the Base Prospectus. 
 
Liquidity Management of the Group 
 
The Group utilises stress tests. The defined stress scenarios include: A market wide, an idiosyncratic- and a 
combined scenario. For each period a different severity of stress is applied and potential mitigating actions are 
taken into account. The market wide and the idiosyncratic scenarios represent highly unlikely, however not 
unimaginable, events whereas the combined scenario is considered extremely severe, but still plausible. 
 
To monitor liquidity risk, the Group performs daily liquidity calculations and monitoring of liquidity risk metrics

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
(LCR) as well as of the liquidity position. Further reporting on the liquidity area includes: a yearly ILAAP to 
the Board of Directors, monthly Risk & Capital Report including key metrics on liquidity to the Board of 
Directors and Board of Management and a daily Treasury Report to the Board of Management.  
 
The Group’s liquidity requirements according to CRR are disclosed in the Risk Report 2020 available at 2020-
risk-report-saxo-bank-and-saxo-bank-group.pdf (home.saxo). 
 
The information on the Issuer's website, or any other website, has not been scrutinised or approved by the DFSA 
and does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is explicitly incorporated by reference into 
the Base Prospectus. 
 
On-boarding of Clients 
 
Client on-boarding is a critical function for the Issuer and is supervised by the Group’s Compliance and 
Financial Crime Department and involves, among other things, Know-Your-Customer and Anti–Money 
Laundering due diligence processes required by applicable legislation.  
 
Shareholders’ Equity 
 
As at 30 June 2021, the Issuer’s authorised and issued share capital was DKK 75,207,449.00. The share capital 
has been fully paid up, is not divided into share classes and all shares rank pari passu in respect of voting rights, 
pre-emption rights, redemption, conversion and restrictions or limitations according to the Issuer's Articles of 
Association of eligibility to receive dividend or proceeds in the event of dissolution or liquidation.  
 
Geely Financials Denmark A/S owns 50.89 per cent. of the shares and voting rights in the Issuer and has a 
controlling influence in the Issuer. Geely Financials Denmark A/S is a public limited liability company 
incorporated under the laws of Denmark with company registration (CVR) no. 38976176 and registered address 
at Axeltorv 2, DK-1609 København V, Denmark 
 
As at 30 June 2021, the following additional shareholders were registered as holders of more than 5 per cent. 
of the share capital of the Issuer: 
 
• 
Fournais Holding A/S holding 27.53 per cent. of the shares and voting rights of the Issuer. Fournais 
Holding A/S is a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Denmark with company 
registration (CVR) no. 28098790 and registered address Skodsborgvej 242, Søllerød, DK-2850 Nærum, 
Denmark; and 
 
• 
Sampo Plc holding 19.43 per cent. of the shares and voting rights of the Issuer. Sampo Plc is a public 
limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Finland with business code 0142213-3 and 
registered address at Fabianinkatu 27, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland. Sampo Plc is listed on Nasdaq 
Helsinki. 
 
The remaining shares are held by minority shareholders including a number of current and former employees of 
the Saxo Bank Group. 
 
The Issuer is not aware of being owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by others, and the Issuer is not aware 
of any agreement that could later result in others taking control over the Issuer, other than a shareholders' 
agreement concluded amongst the three majority shareholders mentioned above. The Issuer has not 
implemented any measures to prevent abuse of control.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
Group Structure 
 
Geely Financials Denmark A/S is the parent company of the Issuer and has by ownership of more than 50 per 
cent of the share capital the controlling influence in the Issuer as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The Group 
is comprised of the Issuer and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, which include both financial institutions and 
non-financial institutions.  
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the material direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Issuer is as set out below. 
 
 
Source: Group information 
 
In addition, the Group has branches and representational offices in a number of countries.  
 
Further information relating to the Group’s subsidiaries, including location, licences, net profit and equity, is 
disclosed in the Group’s Annual Report 2020, available at Saxo Bank Annual Report 2020 (home.saxo)  
 
The information on the Issuer's website, or any other website, has not been scrutinised or approved by the DFSA 
and does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is explicitly incorporated by reference 
into the Base Prospectus. 
 
Objective 
 
Pursuant to article 2 of the Articles of Association, the objects of the Issuer are to conduct banking business of 
any kind and other business allowed pursuant to banking legislation. 
 
Legal Proceedings 
 
From time to time, the Group is a party to various lawsuits and disputes. In addition, the Group has an ongoing 
dialogue with public authorities such as the DFSA. Given its size, the Group does not expect the outcome of

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
pending lawsuits and disputes or its dialogue with public authorities to have any material adverse effect on its 
financial position. 
 
Recent Developments 
 
The Issuer is not aware of any trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely 
to have a material effect on the Issuer's prospects for at least the current financial year.  
 
Management of the Issuer 
 
The Issuer’s administrative bodies are its Board of Directors and its Board of Management. The Board of 
Directors is responsible for the Issuer's overall and strategic management and supervises the Issuer's activities, 
management, and organisation. The Board of Directors appoints and dismisses the members of the Board of 
Management, who are responsible for the day-to-day operations. 
 
Board of Directors  
 
The Board of Directors is comprised of non-executive directors who are elected by the shareholders of the Issuer 
at the annual general meeting. The directors are elected for terms of one year each but are eligible for re-election. 
Under Danish law the employees of the Group have the right to appoint employee representatives to the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer, however, to date, the employees have not exercised this right. 
 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors currently consists of six members elected by the general meeting. 
 
The following table sets forth an overview of the members of the Board of Directors: 
 
Position 
Year of 
first 
appoint
ment 
Expirati
on of 
term 
Kari Stadigh .........................................  
Chairman 
2021 
2022 
Henrik Normann ..................................  
Vice Chairman 2015 
2022 
Daniel Li ..............................................  
Board member 
2018 
2022 
John Patrick Sture Lapveteläinen ........  
Board member 
2018 
2022 
Yifan Zhang .........................................  
Board member 
2021 
2022 
Preben Damgaard Nielsen ...................  
Board member 
2018 
2022 
 
The Board of Directors believes that its size and composition is appropriate for achieving a constructive debate 
and efficient decision making. It is important for the Issuer that each member of the Board of Directors has 
sufficient knowledge and professional competence and experience to be able to carry out the duties and 
responsibilities of a Board member. Board members must set aside sufficient time to carry out their duties and 
responsibilities as a Board member.  
 
The business address of the Board of Directors is Phillip Heymans Allé 15, 2900 Hellerup, Denmark. 
 
Biographies  
 
Kari Henrik Stadigh (born 5 December 1955, Finnish nationality) has been the Chairman and member of the 
Board of Directors since 2021. Kari Stadigh has an executive background as former CEO of Sampo plc. and 
chairman of a number of boards in other financial institutions and extensive experience within the banking 
industry and capital markets. Kari Stadigh is currently also chairman of the board of directors of Alesco SA, and 
Relais Group Oyj, vice chairman of the board of directors of Nokia Corporation/Oyj as well as member of the 
board of directors of Pension SuperFund Capital Holdings Ltd., Waypoint Group Holdings SA, Metso

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
Corporation, Byggmästare Anders J Ahlström Holding AB, Bertarelli Partners Ltd, Capstan Ltd, Rigger Ltd, and 
Affidea Group SVB.  
 
Henrik Michael Normann (born 26 March 1953, Danish nationality) has been the Vice Chairman and member 
of the Board of Directors since 2015. Henrik Michael Normann is also Chairman of the Board Risk Committee.  
Henrik Michel Norman has an executive background as CEO of a pan Nordic investment bank and chairman of 
a number of boards, and extensive experience within the banking industry, capital markets, risk management and 
ESG. Henrik Michael Normann is currently also President and CEO of Nordic Investment Bank, chairman of the 
board of directors of Investeringsforeningen Maj Invest, Saga Private Equity ApS, Nordsøenheden, and 
Syfoglomad Limited, member of the board of directors of P/S Louise Normann Invest and P/S Anders Emil 
Normann Invest as well as fully liable partner of Kronprinsessegade 6/v Henrik Michael Normann. 
 
Daniel Donghui Li (born 26 June 1970, Chinese nationality) has been member of the Board of Directors since 
2018. Daniel Donghui Li Strong has an executive background as CFO of a global company and chairman of a 
number of boards and strong competencies in international finance and general management. Daniel Donghui 
Li is currently also chairman of the board of directors of Geely Financials Denmark A/S, Genius Auto Finance 
Co. Limited, Group Lotus Plc., and Zhejiang Wisdom Financials Leasing Co., Ltd., member of the board of 
directors of Geely Holding Group, and Volvo Car Corporation as well as CEO of Geely Holding Group.  
 
John Patrick Sture Lapveteläinen (born 28 September 1966, Finnish nationality) has been member of the 
Board of Directors since 2018. John Patrick Sture Lapveteläinen is also member of the Board Risk Committee 
and the Remuneration Committee. John Patrick Sture Lapveteläinen has extensive experience in the banking 
industry and from serving on a number of boards and strong competencies within finance, asset management 
and risk management. John Patrick Sture Lapveteläinen is currently also chairman of the board of directors of 
Enento Group Plc., and Mandatum Life Insurance Company Limited, member of the board of directors of If 
P&C Insurance Holding Ltd and If P&C Insurance Ltd. as well as Group CIO of Sampo Plc. (listed).  
 
Yifan Zhang (born 9 October 1982, Chinese nationality) has been member of the Board of Directors since 2021. 
Yifan Zhang has experience in global financial market and financial innovation. Yifan Zhang is currently also 
member of the board of directors of Zhejiang Wisdom Financial Leasing Co., Ltd., member of the management 
of Geely Holding Group as well as CEO of Genius&Guru Investment Company Ltd., and Zhejiang Wisdom 
Financial Leasning Co., Ltd.  
 
Preben Damgaard Nielsen (born 23 August 1963, Danish nationality) has been member of the Board of 
Directors since 2018. Preben Damgaard Nielsen is also member of the Audit Committee and the Board Risk 
Committee. Preben Damgaard Nielsen has experience in the IT industry and executive experience from high 
growth companies as well as strong competencies in finance, M&A and CSR. Preben Damgaard Nielsen is 
currently also chairman of the board of directors of 7N A/S, Musceteers Holding A/S, Templafy ApS, Dixa ApS, 
Too Good To Go Holding ApS, Too Good To Go ApS, member of the board of directors of Damgaard Company 
A/S, Proactive A/S, Formuepleje Holding A/S, AO Invest A/S, Brødrene A. og O. Johansen A/S, Configit A/S, 
Damgaard Group A/S, Katrine Damgaard Invest ApS, Olivia Damgaard Invest ApS, Markus Damgaard Invest 
ApS, Damgaard Group Holding A/S, Nordic Cloud Technologies ApS, OrderYOYO ApS, Configit Holding A/S, 
Scalepoint Technologies Holding A/S, Scalepoint Technologies Denmark A/S, Damgaard Family Invest IV ApS, 
Skolebordet.dk ApS, Fellowmind AB as well as CEO of Damgaard Company A/S, DGH I ApS, PD International 
Invest ApS, Galleri Bo Bjerggaard International ApS, Ejendomsselskabet Tesch Alle ApS, Damgaard Group A/S, 
Damgaard Group Holding A/S, Katrine Damgaard Invest ApS, Olivia Damgaard Invest ApS, Markus Damgaard 
Invest ApS, Damgaard Family Invest ApS and Damgaard Family Invest IV ApS.  
 
Board of Management 
 
Pursuant to article 12.1 of the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors appoints the members of the Board 
of Management. The Board of Management is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Issuer's 
business and consists of at least two and no more than four members.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
The following table sets forth an overview of the members of the Board of Management: 
 
Position 
Year of 
first 
appoint
ment  
Year of 
appoint
ment to 
current 
position  
Kim Fournais ..................................  
Founder and CEO 
1992 
2016 
Søren Kyhl ......................................  
Deputy CEO and Group Chief 
Operating Officer 
2016 
2016 
Steen Blaafalk .................................  
Group Chief Risk & Compliance 
Officer 
2014 
2021 
Mette Ingeman Pedersen ................  
Group Chief Financial Officer 
2021 
2021 
 
The business address of the Board of Management is Phillip Heymans Allé 15, 2900 Hellerup, Denmark. 
 
Biographies 
 
Kim Fournais (born 30 June 1966, Danish nationality) has been CEO of Saxo Bank since 2016. Kim Fournais 
founded Saxo Bank in 1992. Kim Fournais is currently also chairman of the board of directors of Vejrø ApS, 
member of the board of directors of Fournais Holding A/S, CEO of Fournais Holding A/S, and Fournais 
Aviation ApS as well as fully liable partner of Vatelunden 2020, and Hjortemosevej 41 I/S.  
 
Søren Kyhl (born 19 March 1968, Danish nationality) has been Deputy CEO and Group Chief Operating Officer 
of Saxo Bank since 2016. Prior to joining the Issuer, Søren Kyhl was Global Head of Transaction Banking and 
COO in C&I, Executive Vice President of Danske Bank A/S. Søren Kyhl has currently no other management 
positions outside the Issuer. Søren Kyhl holds a PhD in Economics. 
 
Steen Blaafalk (born 31 May 1961, Danish nationality) has been Group Chief Risk & Compliance Officer of 
Saxo Bank since 2021 and was in the period from 2014 to 2021 Chief Financial and Risk Officer of Saxo Bank. 
Prior to joining the Issuer, Steen Blaafalk was Head of Group Treasury at Danske Bank A/S. Steen Blaafalk is 
currently also member of the board of directors of Adept Water Technologies A/S as well as CEO of Falcon 
Future ApS, and Blue Falcon Holding ApS. Steen Blaafalk holds a Master of Science in Economics. 
 
Mette Ingeman Pedersen (born 4 November 1980, Danish nationality) has been Group Chief Financial Officer 
of Saxo Bank since October 2021. Prior to joining the Issuer, Mette Ingeman Pedersen was CFO in Nordea’s 
Nordic Personal Banking unit and Head of Finance in Danske Bank’s Business Banking unit. Mette Ingeman 
Pedersen holds a Master in Economics and Business Administration. 
 
Conflict of interest 
 
After application of the relevant laws and conflict of interest policies of the Issuer, no potential conflict of 
interest exists between the duties to the Issuer of the persons on the Board of Directors and the Board of 
Management and their private interests and/or other duties listed above. 
 
The Board of Directors is required to conduct its functions in accordance with: 
 
• 
the Danish Financial Business Act and the Danish Executive Order No. 1254 of 11 June 2021 on 
Management and Control of Banks (bekendtgørelse om ledelse og styring af pengeinstitutter m.fl.); 
 
• 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer; and

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
• 
the Rules and Procedures of the Board of Directors.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
The offering, sale and delivery of the Securities is restricted to customers of the Issuer or a company within the 
Group who hold a brokerage account with the Issuer or a company within the Group. The Securities may not be 
offered, sold or delivered in any jurisdiction outside the European Economic Area. 
 
United States of America 
 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Each distributor that has obtained the Issuer's consent to use this Base 
Prospectus has agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver the Securities, (i) as part of its distribution at any time 
or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of an offering and the closing date of the 
offering (the "Resale Restriction Termination Date"), within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Securities prior to the Resale 
Restriction Termination Date a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of an offering, an offer or sale of the Securities within the 
United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from, 
or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
European Economic Area  
 
In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area where the Prospectus Regulation applies, other 
than Denmark, the Netherlands, France and Belgium (each a "Relevant State"), no offering of Securities will be 
made to the public in any Relevant State prior to the publication of a prospectus concerning the Securities which 
has been approved by the competent authority in such Relevant State or, where relevant, approved in another 
Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in such Relevant State, all pursuant to and in accordance 
with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, except that an offering of the Securities may be made to the public 
at any time in such Relevant State pursuant to the following exemptions from the Prospectus Regulation (in each 
case subject to compliance with any laws, regulations and guidance by the regulators as applicable in such 
Relevant State): 
 
a) to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation ("Qualified 
Investor"); 
 
b) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons other than Qualified Investors, subject to obtaining the prior 
written consent of the Issuer; or 
 
c) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
In any Relevant State, the Base Prospectus is only addressed to, and is only directed at, investors in such Relevant 
State that fulfil the criteria for exemption from the obligation to publish a prospectus or information 
memorandum, including Qualified Investors. 
 
For the purposes of this provision and the following provision, the expression an "offer to the public" in relation 
to Securities in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the public offering of the Securities and Securities as such and the so as to enable an 
investor to decide whether to acquire Securities.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
TAXATION 
 
The following is a general description of relevant tax considerations and is not to be regarded as a complete tax 
analysis of all tax issues related to the Securities.  
 
Any tax consequences of the Securities, such as the payment of stamp taxes or other documentary taxes or fiscal 
duties and income taxes, may have an impact on the net income from the Securities. 
 
All taxes, if any, incurred in connection with the redemption of the Securities or any other payment under the 
Securities will be for the account of the Securityholder. The Issuer and the Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
are entitled, but not obliged, to withhold from any payment in respect of the Securities such taxes. In case of 
any deduction or withholding of taxes, payments in respect of the Securities shall only be made after such 
deduction or withholding and the Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts to a Securityholder 
in respect of such deduction or withholding. 
 
Prospective holders of the Securities should carefully consider the tax consequences of investing in the 
Securities and consult their own professional tax advisers if they are in doubt about their own tax position. In 
addition, potential investors should be aware that tax regulations and their application by the relevant taxation 
authorities change from time to time, with or without retroactive effect. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict 
the precise tax treatment which will apply at any given time. Any changes to tax law and practices may reduce 
the value of the Securities and/or the market price of the Securities. In particular, the tax treatment of the 
Securities may change after a Securityholder invests in the Securities. Any potential investor therefore bears the 
risk that the tax treatment of the Securities differs from the tax treatment anticipated at the time when such 
potential investor decides to invest in the Securities and/or that the tax treatment of the Securities becomes 
disadvantageous to the Securityholder. 
 
Denmark Taxation 
 
The following is an overview of certain Danish income tax considerations relating to the Securities. 
  
The overview is for general information only and does not purport to constitute exhaustive tax or legal advice. 
It is specifically noted that the overview does not address all possible tax consequences relating to the Securities. 
The overview is based solely upon the tax laws of Denmark in effect on the date of the Base Prospectus. Danish 
tax laws may be subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. 
  
The overview does not cover investors to whom special tax rules apply, and, therefore, may not be relevant, for 
example, to investors subject to the Danish Tax on Pension Yields Act (i.e. pension savings), certain institutional 
investors, insurance companies, pension companies, banks, stockbrokers and investors with tax liability on 
return on pension investments. The overview does not cover taxation of individuals and companies who carry 
on a business of purchasing and selling Securities. The overview only sets out the tax position of the direct 
owners of the Securities and further assumes that the direct investors are the beneficial owners, as understood 
in accordance with Danish tax law, of the Securities and any interest thereon. Sales are assumed to be sales to a 
third party (i.e. sales to a non-affiliated party) and any redemption is assumed to be on arm's length terms and 
is assumed to be a cash redemption (i.e. not a conversion to shares, a waiver of debt or similar). Furthermore, it 
is assumed that the issuer of the Securities is not affiliated with any of the investors, that the investment and 
holding of the Securities does not constitute tax abuse as understood in accordance with the Danish Tax 
Assessment Act Section 3, and that the Securities qualify as financial contract for Danish tax purposes covered 
by Consolidated Act 1283 of 25 October 2016 on the Gains on Securities and Foreign Currency Act 
(kursgevinstloven), as amended. 
  
Additionally, investors residing outside Denmark are assumed not to have a permanent establishment in 
Denmark.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
Tax considerations relating to the Securities 
  
The following includes an overview of certain Danish tax considerations relating to the Securities. The overview 
is subject to the general reservations outlined above. 
 
Taxation of Danish tax resident investors 
 
Individual investors 
 
Sale or redemption of Securities 
Gains from the sale or redemption of Securities are calculated as the difference between the purchase price and 
the sales price. In 2021, any gains are taxed as capital income at a rate up to 42 per cent. The tax rate is subject 
to adjustments based on all income generated in Denmark, excluding income generated from shares (i.e. capital 
gains and dividends derived by shares), which is subject to a separate taxation scheme. 
  
If the net capital gains from Securities does not exceed DKK 2,000 in a giving year, then said capital income 
will be tax exempt. If the net capital gains exceed DKK 2,000 it is fully taxable. 
  
Taxable gains are generally taxed at the time of sale or redemption. However, if the Securities are taxed in 
accordance with the rules for financial contracts, gains and losses will be taxed based on a mark-to-marked 
principle. 
  
According to the mark-to-market principle, each year's taxable gain or loss is calculated as the difference 
between the market value of the Securities at the beginning and end of the tax year. Thus, taxation will take 
place on an accrual basis even if no Securities have been disposed of and no gains or losses have been realised. 
If the Securities are sold or otherwise disposed of before the end of the income year, the taxable income of that 
income year equals the difference between the value of the Securities at the beginning of the income year and 
the realisation sum. If any Securities are acquired and realised in the same income year, the taxable income 
equals the difference between the acquisition sum and the realisation sum. If the Securities are acquired in the 
income year and not realised in the same income year, the taxable income equals the difference between the 
acquisition sum and the value of the shares at the end of the income years. 
  
Losses on the Securities can be used to off-set capital income in the same income year but can generally not be 
carried forward. 
  
Losses on Securities admitted to trading on a regulated market can only be offset against other capital income, 
if notification of the loss has been sent to the Danish tax authorities before the filing of the tax return for the 
relevant income year. 
 
Corporate investors 
 
Sale or redemption of Securities 
Capital gains from the Securities are taxable as corporate income at a rate of 22 per cent irrespective of 
ownership period. Losses on such Securities are generally fully deductible (subject to certain rules limiting tax 
losses of not financing expenses).  
  
Capital gains or losses on securities are taxed based on a mark-to-marked principle.  
  
Losses on Securities can be used to off-set any corporate income and can be carried forward indefinitely. 
However, certain restrictions apply to the use of tax losses from previous years, if the losses utilized from 
previous years exceed DKK 8,767,500 (2021). 
 
Taxation of investors residing outside Denmark

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
 
Individual investors 
 
Sale or redemption of Securities 
Investors not resident in Denmark are normally not subject to Danish taxation on any gains realised on the sale 
or redemption of Securities, irrespective of the ownership period. 
 
Corporate investors 
  
Sale or redemption of Securities 
Corporate investors not resident in Denmark are normally not subject to Danish taxation on any gains realised 
on the sale or redemption of Securities, irrespective of the ownership period, this is, however, subject to certain 
anti-avoidance rules that will not be described in further detail. 
 
Securities transfer tax and stamp duties 
 
No Danish share transfer tax or stamp duties are payable on transfer of Securities. 
 
US Taxation 
 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding  
 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 treats a "dividend equivalent" payment as a dividend 
from sources within the United States that is generally subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax which may 
be reduced by an applicable tax treaty, eligible for credit against other U.S. tax liabilities or refunded, provided 
that the beneficial owner timely claims a credit or refund from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"). If the 
Issuer or any withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding 
agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. 
 
A "dividend equivalent" payment is (i) a substitute dividend payment made pursuant to a securities lending or 
a sale-repurchase transaction that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the 
payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, (ii) a payment made pursuant to a "specified 
notional principal contract" that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the 
payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, and (iii) any other payment determined by the IRS 
to be substantially similar to a payment described in (i) or (ii). U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 
871(m) and applicable guidance (the "Section 871(m) Regulations") require withholding on certain non-U.S. 
holders of Securities with respect to amounts treated as dividend equivalent payments. Under the Section 871(m) 
Regulations, only a Security that has an expected economic return sufficiently similar to that of the underlying 
U.S. security, based on tests set forth in the Section 871(m) Regulations, will be subject to the Section 871(m) 
withholding regime (making such security a "Specified Security"). Certain exceptions to this withholding 
requirement apply, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices. 
 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are made on, or 
upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition of, the Specified Security. If the underlying U.S. security 
or securities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified Security, withholding generally will 
still be required even if the Specified Security does not provide for payments explicitly linked to dividends. 
Additionally, the Issuer may withhold the full 30 per cent. tax on any payment on the Securities in respect of 
any dividend equivalent arising with respect to such Securities regardless of any exemption from, or reduction 
in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where a 
non-U.S. holder is eligible for a reduced tax rate under an applicable tax treaty with the United States). A non-
U.S. holder may be able to claim a refund of any excess withholding provided the required information is timely 
furnished to the IRS. Refund claims are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and there can be no assurance that 
a particular refund claim will be timely paid or paid at all. If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines that

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. 
 
The Section 871(m) Regulations generally apply to Specified Securities issued on or after 1 January 2017. If the 
terms of a Security are subject to a "significant modification" (as defined for U.S. tax purposes), the Security 
generally would be treated as retired and reissued on the date of such modification for purposes of determining, 
based on economic conditions in effect at that time, whether such Security is a Specified Security. Similarly, if 
additional Securities of the same series are issued (or deemed issued for U.S. tax purposes, such as certain sales 
of Securities out of inventory) after the original issue date, the IRS could treat the issue date for determining 
whether the existing Securities are Specified Securities as the date of such subsequent sale or issuance. 
Consequently, a previously out of scope Security might be treated as a Specified Security following such 
modification or further issuance.  
 
In addition, payments on the Specified Securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on underlying 
U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment 
amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any 
dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. 
securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount 
deemed withheld. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that Securities are Specified 
Securities and may specify contact details for obtaining additional information regarding the application of 
Section 871(m) to Securities. A non-U.S. holder of Specified Securities should expect to be subject to 
withholding in respect of any underlying dividend-paying U.S. securities. The Issuer's determination is binding 
on non-U.S. holders of Securities, but it is not binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) Regulations require 
complex calculations to be made with respect to Securities linked to U.S. securities and their application to a 
specific issue of Securities may be uncertain. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding 
the potential application of Section 871(m) to the Securities. 
 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
withholding may be required on, among other things, (i) certain payments made by “foreign financial 
institutions” ("foreign passthru payments") and (ii) dividend equivalent payments (as described above in "U.S. 
Dividend Equivalent Withholding"), in each case, to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or 
related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Denmark) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  
 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Securities, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Securities, are uncertain and may be subject to change. If withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign passthru payments or payments of gross proceeds 
from the disposition of Securities that generate dividend equivalent payments, such withholding would not apply 
prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Securities characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or before the 
relevant grandfathering date would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date. The grandfathering date for (A) Securities that give rise solely to foreign passthru 
payments, is the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
foreign passthru payment are filed with the Federal Register, and (B) Securities that give rise to a dividend 
equivalent pursuant to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder, is six months after the date on which obligations of its type are first treated 
as giving rise to dividend equivalents. If additional securities (as described under "Conditions— Issue of further 
Securities; Purchase of Securities, Cancellation") that are not distinguishable from such previously issued 
grandfathered Securities are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Securities, including the Securities offered 
prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Securities. In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Securities, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission’s Proposal") for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Securities (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Securities where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. 
 
Prospective holders of the Securities are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer passed on 12 November 2021. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all 
necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the 
Securities. 
 
2. 
(i)   
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer or the 
Group since 30 June 2021, the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent 
financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared; and 
 
(ii)  
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 
2020, the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recently audited financial 
statements of the Issuer have been prepared. 
 
3. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings against or affecting the Issuer or any Group 
companies (and no such proceedings are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during a 
period covering at least the previous twelve months which have or may have in the recent past, 
individually or in the aggregate, significant effects on the profitability or the financial position of the 
Issuer or of the Group.  
 
4. 
The annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019 have, in each case, been audited by State Authorised Public Accountants Anders 
Oldau Gjelstrup (MNE no. 10777) and Jens Ringbæk (MNE no. 27735), Deloitte Statsautoriseret 
Revisionspartnerskab being the relevant independent public auditors of the Issuer for such periods. 
Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerskab is a member of "FSR - Danske Revisorer" (Association 
of State Authorised Public Accountants). No other information in this Base Prospectus has been 
audited or reviewed by the Issuer's statutory auditors and no report has been produced by such.  
 
5. 
Where this Base Prospectus contains information that has been sourced from a third party, the Issuer 
confirms that this information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and 
able to ascertain from the information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
6. 
This Base Prospectus does not include any statements or reports from any persons attributed as an 
expert and no statement or report from such expert has been produced at the Issuer's request. 
 
7. 
The Issuer expects to enter into a cooperation agreement with UBS AG, UBS AG, London Branch and 
UBS Switzerland concerning the Securities. Pursuant to this cooperation agreement, UBS AG, London 
Branch and UBS Switzerland will undertake to act as market maker, calculation agent, hedging agent, 
settlement bank, safekeeping bank and paying agent to the Issuer in connection with the issue and 
offering of the Securities under this Base Prospectus. Other than this, there is no contracts (other than 
those entered into in the ordinary course of business) to which the Group is a party which (i) are, or 
may be, material to the Group and which have been entered into in the two years immediately 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus; or (ii) which contain any obligations or entitlements which 
are, or may be, material to the Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus in relating to the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities. 
 
8. 
The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Issuer at www.home.saxo. The Final 
Terms of each issue of Securities will be published on the Issuer's website at www.home.saxo.  
 
9. 
For at least a period of twelve months following the date of this Base Prospectus, the following 
documents can be inspected on the Issuer's webpage www.home.saxo:

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
(i) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer (https://www.home.saxo/en-gb/about-us/investor-
relations); 
 
(ii) 
the Interim Report First Half 2021 (https://www.home.saxo/-/media/documents/interim-
reports/saxo-bank-interim-report-h1-2021.pdf?revision={C5879C29-BD52-4F38-A6E7-
4D85A84C24B6}); 
 
(iii) 
the Annual Report 2020 (https://www.home.saxo/-/media/documents/annual-reports/saxo-
bank-annual-report-2020.pdf?revision={7BBB1FEC-E468-4CFC-99BA-A654C85B6C6B}); 
and 
 
(iv) 
the Annual Report 2019 (https://www.home.saxo/-/media/documents/annual-reports/saxo-
bank-annual-report-2019.pdf?revision={2897CCF5-A43B-4AE6-BEE3-CB99BFB86BD4}) 
 
The information on the Issuer's website, or any other website, has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the DFSA and does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is explicitly 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
 
10. 
UBS and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, UBS 
and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. UBS and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
 
11. 
The issue price and amount of the Securities to be issued under the Programme will be determined by 
the Issuer at the time of the issue of such Securities in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
 
12. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed 
to them under applicable law.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
 
Page 
"Additional Termination Event" 
60 
"Adjustment Date" 
62, 81, 83, 87, 89, 92, 94, 97, 99, 102, 110 
"Adjustment Time" 
62, 81, 83, 87, 92, 94, 97, 99, 102, 110 
"American Depositary Receipt" 
62 
"Annual Report 2019" 
53 
"Annual Report 2020"  
53 
"Annual Reports" 
53 
"API" 
199 
"B2B2B" 
199 
"B2B2C" 
199 
"B2C" 
199 
"Banking Day" 
62 
"Base Prospectus" 
1, 185 
"Basel Committee" 
27 
"Basket" 
9, 45, 74, 77, 83, 88, 106, 114, 119, 120, 121, 122, 123, 
124, 125, 126, 127, 128, 130, 131, 132, 133, 134, 135, 
136, 137, 138, 141, 142, 143, 145, 146, 147, 148, 149, 
150, 151, 154, 158, 159, 160, 161 
"Basket Component" 
9, 62, 63 
"Benchmark" 
42, 151 
“Benchmark Regulation“ 
43, 63, 78 
"Board of Management" 
8 
"BRRD" 
28 
"Business Day" 
63 
"Calculation Agent" 
63 
"CATS" 
10, 192 
"CFD" 
202 
"Client Cash Account" 
10, 118 
"Client Securities Account" 
10, 118 
"Commission’s Proposal" 
219 
"Company" 
61, 120 
"Component" or "Components" 
63, 78 
"Conditions" 
58, 116, 185, 189 
"Conversion Ratio" 
102, 110 
"COVID-19" 
22 
"CR(old)" 
103, 111 
"CRR" 
27 
"Currency Conversion" 
33, 162, 163, 164, 166, 167, 168, 169, 170, 171, 172, 
173, 174 
"Currency of the Knock Out Barrier" 
63, 94, 99 
"Current Conversion Ratio" 
102, 110 
"Current Fee Adjustment Ratio" or "CFAR" 
103, 111 
"Current Financing Level" 
80, 86 
"Current Knock Out Barrier" 
93, 98 
"Current Reset Barrier" 
105, 112 
"Current Stop Loss Level" 
83, 89 
"Current Strike" 
91, 96, 101, 109 
"Danish Kroner" or "DKK" 
6 
"Depositary Agreement" 
63 
"DFSA" 
1 
"distributor" 
4

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
"DivFactor" 
64, 82, 87, 93, 94, 97, 99, 104, 112 
"Dividend" 
64, 81, 87, 92, 94, 97, 99, 104, 112 
"Dividend Costs" 
64, 81, 92, 94, 105 
"EMMI" 
43 
"ESMA" 
197 
"ETF" 
49 
"ETF-Benchmark" 
50 
"EUR" or "euro" 
6 
"Event of Default" 
13, 156 
"Exchange Business Day" 
64 
"Exercise Date" 
64, 84, 89, 94, 99, 106, 114 
"Exercise Notice" 
84, 90, 95, 100, 107, 115 
"Exercise Period" 
64 
"Exercise Time" 
64 
"Expiration Date" 
64 
"Final Terms" 
1, 185 
"Final Valuation Date" 
64 
"Financing Level" 
80, 86 
"Financing Level Currency" 
65, 82, 87 
"Fixing Date" 
65 
"Fixing Time" 
65 
"foreign passthru payments" 
218 
"FSpread" 
81, 87, 92, 94, 97, 99, 103, 111 
"Fund Business Day" 
65 
"Fund Units" 
49 
"Futures Contract with the next Expiration Date" 65 
"FX" 
24 
"Global Depositary Receipt" 
65 
"Governing Law" 
66 
"Group" 
1 
"Hedging Disruption" 
155 
"ICAAP" 
208 
"IGAs" 
218 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" 
155 
"Initial Conversion Ratio" 
103, 111 
"Initial Current Reset Barrier" 
105, 113 
"Initial Fee Adjustment Ratio" 
103, 111 
"Initial Financing Level" 
66, 81, 87 
"Initial Financing Spread" 
66, 81, 87, 92, 97, 103, 111 
"Initial Knock Out Barrier" 
66, 94, 99 
"Initial Payment Date" 
66 
"Initial Security Fee" 
104, 112 
"Initial Stop Loss Level" 
66, 83, 89 
"Initial Stop Loss Premium" 
66, 105, 113 
"Initial Strike" 
66, 92, 97, 102, 110 
"Interim Report First Half 2021" 
53 
"Investors" 
199 
"IOSCO Principles" 
42 
"IRS" 
217 
"Issue Date" 
66 
"Issue Price" 
11 
"Issuer" 
1, 66 
"Issuer Exercise Date" 
66, 84, 90, 95, 100, 107, 115 
"Knock Out Barrier" 
66, 93, 98

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
"Knock Out Event" 
93, 98, 106, 113 
"Knock Out Expiration Date" 
93, 98, 105, 113 
"Knock Out Redemption Amount" 
106, 113 
"KOB(Old)" 
94, 99 
"Last Exchange Trading Day" 
192 
"Leverage Factor" 
14, 66 
"LIBOR" 
43 
"Market Making" 
36 
"Minimum Exercise Size" 
12, 66 
"Minimum Settlement Amount" 
66 
"Minimum Trading Size" 
66 
"Multiplier" 
14, 66 
"n" 
82, 87, 93, 94, 97, 99, 103, 111 
"Net Asset Value" or "NAV" 
67 
"Notional Investor" 
67 
"Observation Date" 
67 
"Observation Period" 
67 
"Open End" 
67 
"Option Contracts" 
120, 123, 127, 130, 135 
"Option Right" 
80, 86, 91, 96, 101, 109 
"participating Member States" 
219 
"Paying Agent" 
67 
"Potential Adjustment Event" 
120, 123, 125, 127, 130, 135, 138, 151 
"Price of the Basket Component" 
68 
"Price of the Underlying" 
69 
"Principal Paying Agent" 
70 
"Product Terms" 
60, 116, 189 
"Programme" 
1 
"Prospectus" 
185 
"Prospectus Regulation" 
1, 185 
"Qualified Investor" 
214 
"Quanto" 
33, 70 
"Rate" 
70, 81, 87, 92, 94, 97, 99, 103, 111  
"Record Date" 
120, 127, 130, 135 
"Redemption Amount" 
80, 82, 85, 86, 88, 90, 91, 95, 96, 100, 101, 106, 108, 
109, 113, 115 
"Redemption Currency" 
70 
"Redemption Date" 
71 
"Reference Level" 
71 
"Reference Price" 
71, 102, 104, 110, 112 
"Relevant Conversion Rate" 
71 
"Relevant Country" 
72 
"Relevant Exchange" 
72 
"Relevant Exchange Market" 
72 
"Relevant Futures and Options Exchange" 
72 
"Relevant Reference Agent" 
72 
"Relevant Reference Market" 
72 
"Relevant Reference Rate" 
73 
"Relevant Screen Page" 
73 
"Relevant State" 
214 
"Relevant Trading System" 
73 
"[Relevant] Price of the Underlying" or "RPU" 
102, 103, 110, 111 
"Replacement Event" 
121, 123, 125, 128, 131, 134, 136, 143, 145, 147, 149, 
151

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
"Replacement Fund" 
138 
"Resale Restriction Termination Date" 
214 
"Reset Barrier" 
105, 112 
"Reset Event" 
73 
"Reset Event Price" 
102, 110 
"Roll Over" 
142 
"Roll Over Date" 
74 
"SAS (wholesale)" 
199 
"Saxo Bank Group" 
1 
"Scheduled Determination Date" 
158 
"Section 871(m) Regulations" 
217 
"Securities" or "Security" 
1, 14, 15, 74, 83, 88,106, 114, 190 
"Securities Act" 
1, 5 
"Security Agents" 
175 
"Security Fee" 
104, 112 
"Securityholder" 
117 
"Securityholder Termination Amount" 
75 
"Series" 
9 
"Settlement Amount" 
75, 80, 86, 91, 96, 101, 109 
"Settlement Cycle" 
75 
"Settlement Price" 
75 
"Special Distributions" 
120 
"Specified Security" 
217 
"Start of the public offer of the Securities" 
75 
"Stop Loss Event" 
82, 88 
"Stop Loss Expiration Date" 
82, 88 
"Stop Loss Level" 
83, 89 
"Stop Loss Level Currency" 
75, 83, 89 
"Stop Loss Premium" 
83, 89, 105, 113 
"Stop Loss Redemption Amount" 
82, 88 
"Strategy" 
136 
"Strike" 
75, 91, 96, 101, 109 
"Strike(Old)" 
92, 97, 103, 111 
"Strike Currency" 
76, 93, 98 
"Substitute Determination Agent" 
43 
"Substitute Exchange" 
124, 131, 137 
"Substitute Exchange Market" 
148 
"Substitute Issuer" 
35, 176 
"Substitute Reference" 
43 
"Substitute Reference Agent" 
150 
"Substitute Reference Market" 
143, 146, 150 
"Substitute Stock Exchange" 
122 
"Substitute Trading System" 
126, 128 
"Successor Basket Component" 
43, 119, 121, 124, 125, 128, 131, 134, 136, 143, 145, 
147, 149 
"Successor Index Calculator" 
133 
"Successor Index Sponsor" 
133 
"Successor Rate" 
70, 81, 87, 92, 97, 104, 112 
"Successor Underlying" 
43, 121, 124, 125, 128, 131, 134, 136, 143, 145, 147, 
149 
"TARGET2" 
62 
"Taxes" 
157 
"Term of the Securities" 
76 
"Termination Amount" 
76

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
"Termination Date" 
154 
"Termination Event" 
154 
"Terms and Conditions" 
60 
"Traders" 
199 
"UBS Securities" 
23 
"[Underlying][Basket Component] Calculation 
Date" 
76 
"Underlying Currency" 
76 
"Underlying[s]" 
76 
"URL" 
5 
"Valuation Averaging Date" 
78 
"Valuation Date" 
78 
"Valuation Time" 
79