--- Page 1 ---
SAXO BANK A/S 
Turbo's and other Leveraged Securities 
 
Saxo Bank A/S (the "Issuer") may from time to time issue Turbo's and other leveraged securities (the "Securi-
ties" and each a "Security") under this Turbo's and other leverage securities programme (the "Programme"). The 
Securities may be based on the performance of a share (including a certificate representing shares), an index, a 
currency exchange rate, a precious metal, a commodity, an interest rate, a non-equity security, a fund unit, a 
futures contract, or, as the case may be, and as specified in the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") prepared 
by or on behalf of the Issuer, a reference rate (including, but not limited to, interest rate swap (IRS) rates, 
currency swap rates or, as the case may be, credit default swap levels), as well as a basket comprising the 
aforementioned assets.  
 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") may only be distributed in the European Economic Area, and the 
offering, sale and delivery of the Securities is restricted to customers of the Issuer or a consolidated company 
of the Issuer (the Issuer together with such consolidated companies, the "Group") who hold a brokerage account 
with the Issuer or a company within the Group.  
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared according to Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, 
(the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Danish Financial Supervisory 
Authority (Finanstilsynet) (the "DFSA") on 11 March 2025 as competent authority under the Prospectus Regu-
lation. The DFSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensi-
bility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an en-
dorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities. 
   
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for use only by the Issuer or others who have obtained the Issuer's consent 
for a period of up to 12 months after its approval by the DFSA and shall expire on 11 March 2026 at the latest. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus, in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or 
material inaccuracies only, shall cease to apply upon the expiry of the validity period of this Base Prospectus.  
 
THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY SECU-
RITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND, AC-
CORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS 
(AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION RE-
QUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. TRADING IN THE SECURITIES HAS NOT BEEN AP-
PROVED BY THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION UNDER THE U.S. 
COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED, OR BY THE UNITED STATES SECU-
RITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. SEE SECTION 10 "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE". 
 
An investment in Securities issued under this Base Prospectus involves certain risks. Prospective pur-
chasers of Securities should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Securities and the 
extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Securities as an 
investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. For a discussion of these risks 
see section 2 "Risk Factors" below. 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 11 March 2025

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
 
This document constitutes a Base Prospectus according to Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. This Base 
Prospectus has been approved by the DFSA on 11 March 2025 as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The DFSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, compre-
hensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities. 
 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for use only by the Issuer or others who have obtained the Issuer's consent 
for a period of up to 12 months after its approval by the DFSA and shall expire on 11 March 2026 at the latest. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus, in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or 
material inaccuracies only, shall cease to apply upon the expiry of the validity period of this Base Prospectus.  
 
Under this Base Prospectus, the Issuer may from time to time issue Securities as set out in the Programme. This 
Base Prospectus may only be distributed in the European Economic Area, and the offering, sale and delivery of 
the Securities is restricted to customers of the Issuer or a company within the Group who hold a brokerage 
account with the Issuer or a company within the Group. 
 
The Base Prospectus contains all information about the Securities which was known at the time the Base Pro-
spectus has been approved and contains placeholders and optional elements (options and additional options). 
This relates to information which will only be specified by the Issuer upon issue of the Securities. The Issuer 
will in each case prepare the Final Terms for the Securities which will contain the information that can only be 
specified at the time of the issue of the Securities under this Base Prospectus. The Final Terms will be prepared 
by completing the form of the Final Terms set out in section 6 "Form of Final Terms" with the information that 
applies specifically to the relevant Securities. In particular, this includes stating which of the optional elements 
with regard to the Securities apply. In addition, the relevant placeholders contained in the Base Prospectus will 
be filled with specific values (e.g. dates, prices, rates). 
 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see section 4 "Financial and other relevant information—Documents Incorporated by Ref-
erence"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated 
in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in, or not consistent with, this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
Securities and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer. 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms nor any other information supplied in connection with the Secu-
rities (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms or any other infor-
mation supplied in connection with the issue of any Securities should purchase any Securities. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Securities should make its own independent investigation of the financial condi-
tion and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus, the 
Final Terms nor any other information supplied in connection with the issue of any Securities constitutes an 
offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Securities. 
 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Securities 
shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any 
time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the issue of the 
Securities is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
BELGIAN CONSUMERS – If the applicable Final Terms in respect of the Securities include a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to Consumers in Belgium”, the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to “consumers” (con-
sumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to 
time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), being 
any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business 
or profession. 
 
MIFID PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET  
 
Information on the manufacturer's target market assessment in respect of any Securities can be obtained via the 
platforms of the Issuer and the distributors, which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any person subsequently offer-
ing, selling or recommending the Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however; a distributor subject to Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU), 
as amended or replaced from time to time, is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR USE 
 
The Securities, which the Issuer may issue under the Programme, comprise (i) Turbo's Long; (ii) Turbo's Short; 
(iii) Turbo's XL Long; (iv) Turbo's XL Short; (v) Factor (Long) Certificates; and (vi) Factor (Short) Certificates.  
 
The Securities may be based on the performance of a share (including a certificate representing shares), an 
index, a currency exchange rate, a precious metal, a commodity, an interest rate, a non-equity security, a fund 
unit, a futures contract, a reference rate (including, but not limited to, interest rate swap (IRS) rates, currency 
swap rates or, as the case may be, credit default swap levels), as well as a basket comprising the aforementioned 
assets. 
 
This Base Prospectus is structured as follows: 
 
(i) 
Section 1 "Overview of the Programme" provides an overview of the key features of the Programme. 
 
(ii) 
Section 2 "Risk factors" contains the risk factors relevant for the Securities and the Issuer. The risk factors 
are divided into risks related to the Issuer, the Securities and the Underlying of the Securities.  
 
(iii) 
Section 3 "Responsibility statement" contains a responsibility statement issued by the persons responsible 
for this Base Prospectus. 
 
(iv) 
Section 4 "Financial and other relevant information" contains financial and other information incorpo-
rated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
 
(v) 
Section 5 "Conditions of the Securities" contains information on the conditions of the Securities, includ-
ing the General Conditions which apply to all Securities and the Special Conditions for each of the Se-
curities which apply only to the specific Security mentioned in each of the six sub-sections.  
 
(vi) 
Section 6 "Form of Final Terms" contains the form of Final Terms. The Final Terms will be prepared by 
completing the form of the Final Terms with the information that applies specifically to the relevant 
Securities. 
 
(vii) 
Section 7 "Information about the Underlying" contains information about the Underlying of the Securi-
ties.  
 
(viii) 
Section 8 "Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds" contains information on the Issuer's reasons for the 
offer and use the proceeds.  
 
(ix) 
Section 9 "Description of the Group" contains a description of the Group's business, market, organisation 
and management, ownership structure, recent developments and legal proceedings. 
 
(x) 
Section 10 "Subscription and sale" contains information on restrictions on the subscription and sale of 
the Securities.  
 
(xi) 
Section 11 "Taxation" contains information on tax considerations relating to the Securities.  
 
(xii) 
Section 12 "General information" contains general information in respect of the Securities, the Issuer 
and the Group.  
 
(xiii) 
Section 13 "Index of defined terms" contains an index of defined terms applied throughout this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OF-
FERS OF SECURITIES GENERALLY  
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Securities in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities may be restricted by law in certain juris-
dictions. The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Secu-
rities may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering. Other than the Netherlands, France, Belgium and Spain, no action has been taken 
by the Issuer which is intended to permit a public offering of any Securities or distribution of this Base Prospec-
tus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Securities may be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result 
in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus, 
the Final Terms or any Securities may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms and the offering and sale of Securities.  
 
In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus will be passported by way of notification to 
the competent authorities in the Netherlands, France, Belgium and Spain, respectively, in accordance with Ar-
ticle 25 of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer intends to offer the Securities described in this Base Prospectus 
for sale to the public in the Netherlands, France, Belgium and Spain, in each case, as specified in and subject to 
the terms of the Final Terms for any issue of Securities. 
 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Securities are legal invest-
ments for it, (2) Securities can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Securities. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Securities under any applicable risk-based cap-
ital or similar rules. 
 
Additionally, each potential investor of Securities must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Securi-
ties, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Securities and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Pro-
spectus; 
 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its par-
ticular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Securities and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Securities; 
 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Securities and be familiar with the behaviour of 
any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for eco-
nomic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
Some Securities are complex financial instruments, and such instruments may be purchased as a way to 
reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to the investor’s 
overall portfolio. A potential investor should not invest in Securities which are complex financial instru-
ments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how 
the Securities will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Securities 
and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. Investing 
in Turbo's and other leveraged securities results for a majority of investors in a loss, and prospective in-
vestors should expect that investing in the Securities may result in a loss.  
 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
U.S. Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. See section 10 "Subscription and Sale".  
 
ARRANGEMENT ON MARKET MAKING 
 
In connection with the issue of the Securities, the Issuer has entered into an agreement with UBS AG, 
pursuant to which UBS AG through its London branch acts as market maker (the "Market Maker") to 
the Issuer in respect of the economic risk of the Securities. Pursuant to the agreement, the Market Maker 
shall have trading hours that are at least from 8:00 am. until 10:00 pm. The Market Maker intends, under 
normal conditions, to provide bid and offer prices for the Securities on a regular basis on behalf of the 
Issuer. The bid and offer prices will be provided in real time, and the update of the real time prices is 
dependent on the development of the Underlying of the Securities. The Market Maker shall aim to provide 
quotes (i.e. bid prices and sizes as well as offer prices and sizes) with spreads which are as small as possible, 
and which shall in any case contain three digits behind the decimal point in normal circumstances. Alt-
hough UBS AG will provide such bid and offer prices for the Securities on behalf of the Issuer, such prices 
will be determined by UBS AG in its sole discretion, independent of the Issuer. It is at the reasonable 
discretion of the Market Maker (i) to suspend market making under technical failure conditions (such 
comprising fault in CATS and technical problem in the systems used by the Market Maker for calculating 
quotes); or (ii) try to provide wider spreads for quotes under exceptional market conditions and only sus-
pend if wider spreads are reasonably impossible. Such exceptional market conditions include extraordi-
nary price fluctuations or extraordinary fluctuations of other price relevant factors (such as volatility) of 
an Underlying. Pursuant to the agreement, the Market Maker shall make available (via the CATS market 
data portal, "CATS TRADE") statistical data regarding, with respect to each Security, the availability 
and the price and spread development.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or a uniform resource locator (a "URL") are inactive textual 
references and are included for information purposes only. The contents of any such website or URL shall not 
form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. 
 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "Danish Kroner" or "DKK" are to the currency of Denmark and all 
references to "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic 
and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, of those 
members of the European Union which are participating in the European Economic and Monetary Union.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
                                                                                                                                                       Page 
 
1. 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
9 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
21 
 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER 
21 
 
RISKS RELATED TO THE SECURITIES 
34 
 
RISKS RELATED TO THE UNDERLYING OF THE SECURITIES 
45 
3. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
56 
4. 
FINANCIAL AND OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION 
57 
5. 
CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
59 
5.1 
STRUCTURE AND LANGUAGE OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
59 
5.2 
PRODUCT TERMS 
61 
PRODUCT TERMS PART 1: KEY TERMS AND DEFINITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
62 
PRODUCT TERMS PART 2: SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
80 
TURBO'S LONG 
81 
TURBO'S SHORT 
87 
TURBO'S XL LONG 
93 
TURBO'S XL SHORT 
99 
FACTOR (LONG) CERTIFICATES 
105 
FACTOR (SHORT) CERTIFICATES 
114 
5.3 
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
122 
6. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
193 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE SECURITY STRUCTURE 
195 
 
PART A - PRODUCT TERMS 
197 
 
PART B - OFFERING AND SALE 
198 
 
PART C - OTHER INFORMATION 
200 
 
PART D - INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
202 
 
PART E – INFORMATION ABOUT THE UNDERLYING 
203 
 
ANNEX TO THE FINAL TERMS: ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
204 
7. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE UNDERLYING 
205 
8. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
206 
9. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
207 
10. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
224 
11. 
TAXATION 
226 
12. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
227 
13. 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
229

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
1. 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description of key features of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is qualified 
in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in section 5 "Condi-
tions of the Securities" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this 
description of key features of the Programme.  
 
Issuer: 
Saxo Bank A/S. 
Settlement Bank, Paying 
Agent and Safekeeping 
Bank: 
UBS Switzerland AG. 
Calculation Agent, Market 
Maker and Hedging Coun-
terparty:  
UBS AG. 
Types of Securities: 
The Securities are Turbo's and other leveraged securities which are not 
capital protected at maturity.  
 
The Securities allow investors to participate disproportionately (with lev-
erage) in the positive or negative performance of a share (including a cer-
tificate representing shares), an index, a currency exchange rate, a pre-
cious metal, a commodity, an interest rate, a non-equity security, a fund 
unit, a futures contract, or, as the case may be, and as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, a reference rate (including, but not limited to, inter-
est rate swap (IRS) rates, currency swap rates or, as the case may be, 
credit default swap levels) (the "Underlying"), as well as a basket com-
prising the aforementioned assets (the "Basket", and each such asset com-
prised in such Basket, a "Basket Component"), in each case, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Following a valid exercise of the Securities in accordance with the Con-
ditions of the Securities, Securityholders are entitled to receive payment 
of the Redemption Amount determined by reference to the performance 
of the relevant Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Component. 
 
The Securities can be structured as: 
(i) 
Turbo's Long, see section 5.2 "Product Terms - Turbo's Long"  
(ii) 
Turbo's Short, see section 5.2 "Product Terms - Turbo's Short" 
(iii) 
Turbo's XL Long, see section 5.2 "Product Terms - Turbo's XL 
Long" 
(iv) 
Turbo's XL Short, see section 5.2 "Product Terms - Turbo's XL 
Short" 
(v) 
Factor (Long) Certificates, see section 5.2 "Product Terms - Factor 
(Long) Certificates"  
(vi) 
Factor (Short) Certificates, see section 5.2 "Product Terms - Factor 
(Short) Certificates" 
Issuance in Series: 
Securities may be issued in series (each a "Series") and Securities of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms (except, inter alia, for Issue 
Price, Issue Date, Issue Size and interest commencement date, which may 
or may not be identical) whether as to currency, denomination, interest or 
maturity or otherwise.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Form of the Securities: 
The Securities qualify as derivative securities within the meaning of Ar-
ticle 2(a) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
 
The Securities will be in bearer form and will be treated as dematerialised 
book-entry form securities pursuant to the Swiss Federal Intermediated 
Securities Act (FISA). 
 
Status of the Securities: 
The Securities constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obliga-
tions of the Issuer, ranking pari passu among themselves and with all 
other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, other than obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of law 
such as preferred deposits.  
 
Securityholders will not be entitled (subject to applicable law) to set-off 
the Issuer's obligations under the Securities against obligations owed by 
them to the Issuer in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer. Securityholders may therefore be required to participate in sepa-
rate proceedings in order to recover amounts owing to them under coun-
terclaims and may receive a lower recovery in an insolvency of the Issuer 
than would be the case if set-off or counterclaim were permitted.     
 
Settlement of the Securi-
ties: 
The Issuer holds with the Settlement Bank: 
 
(i) 
a securities account or accounts (the "Client Securities Account") in 
the name of the Issuer, which Client Securities Account will hold 
the Securities in book-entry form for the account of the Securi-
tyholders, and 
 
(ii) 
a cash account or accounts (the "Client Cash Account") in the name 
of the Issuer for settlement of cash flows relating to the Securities 
in the Client Securities Account. 
The Settlement Bank will settle all trades in the Securities by way of cor-
responding book-entries in the Client Securities Account, and the Settle-
ment Bank will make corresponding and simultaneous cash debits or 
credits in the Client Cash Account. 
 
Upon a settlement of a trade in the Securities by way of a book-entry in 
the Client Securities Account by the Settlement Bank, the Issuer will 
make a corresponding and simultaneous book-entry in the securities ac-
count of the relevant Securityholder with the Issuer. 
 
Upon a cash debit or credit in the Client Cash Account by the Settlement 
Bank, the Issuer will make a corresponding and simultaneous cash debit 
or credit in the cash account of the relevant Securityholder with the Issuer. 
 
The settlement procedure as described above is also applicable in case of 
a redemption or expiration of the Securities on a Redemption Date or Ex-
piration Date. 
 
Listing or trading of the 
Securities: 
The Securities will become tradable on the electronic trading systems 
CATS-OS and/or CATS-LS and/or any successor of such trading systems  
(together "CATS") operated by Boerse Stuttgart cats GmbH (or its

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
successor in respect of CATS). Securityholders will be able to buy or sell 
Securities by placing orders with the Issuer. Such orders will be submitted 
by the Issuer to the Market Maker. The Market Maker intends, under nor-
mal market conditions, to provide bid and offer prices for the Securities 
on a regular basis on behalf of the Issuer. Upon acceptance of a bid or ask 
price, as the case may be, by the Securityholder via the Issuer, the Market 
Maker will, with the authorisation of the Issuer, match the relevant buy 
or sell order of the Securityholder and confirm via CATS the execution 
of a trade in the Security between the Issuer and the Securityholder. 
 
Securityholders are only able to buy or sell the Securities via CATS 
and by placing orders with the Issuer and not be any third parties. 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, CATS is an over-the-counter bi-
lateral trading system. CATS is expected to become authorised and reg-
istered as a multilateral trading facility during 2025 from which date the 
Securities will become admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facil-
ity. Notification hereof will be given to the Securityholders via the CATS 
platform. 
 
Issue Price; Offering of the 
Securities: 
Issue Price of the Securities 
 
The relevant issue price at which the Securities will first be offered for 
purchase ("Issue Price") with regard to each issue of Securities under the 
Base Prospectus will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case 
the Issue Price per Security is not yet determined at the time of the issu-
ance of the Securities or cannot be specified in the Final Terms for any 
other reason, the issue price per Security will be determined by the Issuer 
based on relevant product parameters and prevailing market conditions 
(in particular the price of the Underlying, the implied volatility, interest 
rates, dividend expectations and lending fees). 
 
Costs and expenses charged to the subscriber or purchaser of the Secu-
rities 
 
The Issue Price includes product specific costs. In addition, an offering 
premium may be added to the Issue Price. These costs and the offering 
premium, if any, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The Issuer may grant sales and recurring commissions to distributors re-
lated to the amount/number of placed or sold Securities. Sales commis-
sions are paid out of the issue proceeds as a one-off payment; alterna-
tively, the Issuer may grant an agio on the issue price (excl. the offering 
premium) to the distributor. Recurring commissions are paid regularly 
depending on the respective securities volume. If the Issuer acts as Issuer 
and distributor the relevant commissions are internally booked in favour 
of the distributing organisational unit. The applicable Final Terms will 
state the commissions paid by the Issuer, if any. 
 
Information on costs and expenses associated with the purchase of the 
Securities which are charged to the subscriber or the purchaser of the Se-
curities by a third party, e.g. by its depositary bank or a stock exchange, 
shall be requested from such third party.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
Additional information on the offer of Securities 
 
Further details of the offer and sale of the Securities, in particular the rel-
evant initial payment date, the relevant issue size, information with regard 
to the manner and date, in which the result of the offer are to be made 
public, if required, and the relevant conditions, if any, to which the offer 
of the Securities is subject, with regard to each issue of Securities under 
this Base Prospectus will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Securities 
will be offered to the category of qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation as well as non-qualified investors. 
 
Maturity of the Securities: 
Unless the applicable Product Terms of the Securities in the definition of 
"Securities" specify the product feature "Open Ended" to be applicable, 
the Securities expire – provided that the Securities are not terminated or 
expired early in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities – on the 
Redemption Date or, as the case may be, and as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms on the Expiration Date. 
 
In the case that in the definition of "Securities" contained in the section 
"Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms the product feature "Open 
Ended" is specified to be applicable, the Securities have - in contrast to 
securities with a fixed term - no pre-determined maturity date, and thus 
no defined term. As a result, the Securityholder’s right vested in those 
Securities must be exercised by the respective Securityholder on a spe-
cific Exercise Date in accordance with the exercise procedure described 
in the Conditions of the Securities, if the Option Right is to be asserted. 
Exercise of the Option 
Rights: 
The Option Right embedded in the Securities must be exercised by the 
Securityholder in accordance with the exercise procedure described in the 
Conditions of the Securities. Upon exercise of the Option Right the Cal-
culation Agent shall calculate the Redemption Amount payable, if any, 
either corresponding to the number of Securities actually delivered or to 
the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, whichever is 
lower. In case the number of Securities actually delivered is higher than 
the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, any remaining 
excess amount with respect to the Securities delivered will be returned to 
the relevant Securityholder. 
 
In the case that in the definition of "Securities" contained in the section 
"Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms the product feature "Mini-
mum Exercise Size" is specified to be applicable, any Securityholder 
must in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities tender a speci-
fied minimum number of the Securities, in order to exercise the Option 
Right vested in the Securities, the so-called Minimum Exercise Size.  
 
If so specified in the applicable Product Terms of the Securities, Option 
Rights, which are not or have not been validly exercised within the Exer-
cise Period, are automatically exercised without requiring the submission 
of an Exercise Notice, the transfer of the Securities or the fulfilment of 
further special preconditions on the Expiration Date.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Extraordinary Termination 
Rights of the Issuer and the 
Security Holders: 
The following termination rights are, in accordance with the Conditions 
of the Securities, attached to the Securities: 
 
Termination and Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
 
The Issuer is in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities, under 
certain circumstances entitled to terminate and redeem the Securities in 
total prior to the Redemption Date, e.g. in case that (i) the determination 
and/or publication of the price of the Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, of a Basket Component, is discontinued permanently or 
(ii) due to the coming into effect of changes in laws or regulations (in-
cluding but not limited to tax laws) at the reasonable discretion of the 
Issuer the holding, acquisition or sale of the Underlying or, if in the ap-
plicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, of a Basket Component, is or becomes wholly 
or partially illegal. In such case, each Securityholder is entitled to demand 
the payment of a redemption amount in relation to this early redemption. 
However, the Securityholder is not entitled to request any further pay-
ments on the Securities after the relevant termination date. 
 
In case of the termination and early redemption of the Securities, the 
Securityholder bears the risk of a reinvestment. The reinvestment 
risk is the risk that the cash amount received by the Securityholder 
following such termination and early redemption (if any) can only be 
reinvested by such Securityholder for a term comparable with the 
scheduled term of the Securities only at market conditions which are 
less favourable (such as a lower return or an increased risk) than 
those prevailing at the time of the acquisition of the Securities. As a 
result, the yield achieved by this re-investment, i.e. new investment, 
over the respective term may be significantly lower than the return 
expected by the Securityholder with the purchase of the Securities. 
Moreover, and depending on market conditions prevailing at the 
time of the new investment, the likelihood of a loss of such amounts 
re-invested may have increased significantly. 
Termination Right of the Securityholders 
 
In the case that in the definition of "Securities" contained in the section 
"Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms the product feature "Securi-
tyholder’s Extraordinary Termination Right" is specified to be not appli-
cable, Securityholders do not have a termination right and the Securities 
may, hence, not be terminated by the Securityholders during their term. 
In the case that in the definition of "Securities" contained in the section 
"Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms the product feature "Securi-
tyholder’s Extraordinary Termination Right" is specified to be applicable, 
any Securityholder may, by written notice to the Issuer, declare such Se-
curity to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the Securityholder 
Termination Amount as specified to be applicable in the relevant Product 
Terms together with accrued interest to the date of payment, if any, shall 
become immediately due and payable against transfer of the relevant Se-
curities to the Principal Paying Agent in accordance with the Conditions 
of the Securities, unless such Event of Default shall have been remedied

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
prior to the receipt of such notice by the Issuer, if any of the following 
events (each an "Event of Default") occurs: 
 
(i) 
there is a default for more than 30 days in the payment of any prin-
cipal due in respect of the Security; or 
 
(ii) 
there is a default in the performance by the Issuer of any other obli-
gation under the Securities which (i) is incapable of remedy or (ii) 
continues for 60 days after written notice of such default has been 
given by any Securityholder to the Issuer; or 
 
(iii) 
any order is made by any competent court or other authority in any 
jurisdiction or any resolution was passed by the Issuer (a) for the 
dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer, or (b) for the appointment 
of a liquidator, receiver or administrator of the Issuer or of all or a 
substantial part of the Issuer’s assets, or (c) with analogous effect 
for the Issuer. It is understood that anything in connection with a 
solvent reorganisation, reconstruction, amalgamation or merger 
shall not constitute an event of default; or 
 
(iv) 
the Issuer stops payment or is unable to, or admits to creditors gen-
erally its inability to, pay its debts as they fall due, or is adjudicated 
or found bankrupt or insolvent, or enters into any composition or 
other arrangements with its creditors generally. 
 
No General Early Redemption Right  
 
Neither the Issuer nor the Securityholders have a general early redemp-
tion right in relation to the Securities prior to the Redemption Date. 
Dependency on the Under-
lying in general 
The following features describe the dependency of the value of the Secu-
rities on the Underlying: 
In the case that in the definition of "Securities" contained in the sec-
tion "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms the product fea-
ture "Leverage Factor" or, as the case may be, "Multiplier" is spec-
ified to be applicable, 
 
potential investors should be aware that the application of the Leverage 
Factor or of the Multiplier, as specified to be applicable in the Final 
Terms, as well as of any other proportion factor within the determination 
of the Option Right results in the Securities being in economic terms sim-
ilar to a direct investment in the Underlying or, if in the applicable Prod-
uct Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be 
applicable, in the Basket Components, but being nonetheless not fully 
comparable with such a direct investment, in particular because, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Securityholders do not partici-
pate in the relevant performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, 
Basket Components by a 1:1 ratio, but by the proportion of the Leverage 
Factor or of the Multiplier.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
In the case that in the definition of "Securities" contained in the sec-
tion "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms the product fea-
ture "Quanto" is specified to be applicable, 
 
potential investors should be aware that the Securityholder's right vested 
in the Securities as well as the value of the Underlying or, as the case may 
be, the Basket Components are determined on the basis of a currency 
other than the Redemption Currency. Accordingly, any value of the Un-
derlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components determined on 
the basis of a currency other than the Redemption Currency needs to be 
converted into the Redemption Currency by using a currency exchange 
rate fixed at the time of issuance of the Securities (so-called "quanto"-
feature). However, currency exchange rates are at times subject to con-
siderable fluctuations and can change significantly over time. 
 
Any potential investors should be aware that there may be favourable de-
velopments in the value of the currency in which the value of the Under-
lying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components against the Redemp-
tion Currency. Therefore, the "quanto"-feature of the Securities may pre-
clude the investors from participating in such favourable developments 
(i.e., because the fixed currency exchange rate used for the purposes of 
valuing the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component in 
the Redemption Currency is less favourable than the currency exchange 
rate prevailing in the market at such time) and, therefore, reduce the value 
of the Securities. 
Functioning of the Securi-
ties 
The following description of the Securities includes a description of the 
entitlement and further features of the Securities, as provided for in the 
Conditions of the Securities, and terms and expressions defined in other 
parts of this Base Prospectus and not otherwise defined in this "Overview 
of the Programme" shall have the same meanings in this part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
For the purposes the following, it should be noted that any reference to 
"Underlying" shall not only refer to single assets (e.g. a share, an index, 
a non-equity security or a fund unit), but also to baskets or portfolios of 
assets. In the context of baskets and portfolios, and as specified in the 
applicable Product Terms, reference may be made to the Relevant Under-
lying only, i.e. to the Underlying, showing a certain pre-determined per-
formance, e.g. the worst performance during an observation period. 
 
All payments relating to the Securities are made in the Redemption Cur-
rency specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(i) Turbo's Long 
 
Turbo's Long allow investors to participate disproportionately (with lev-
erage) in the positive development of the Underlying. 
 
Conversely, investors in Turbo's Long also participate disproportionately 
(with leverage) in the negative development of the Underlying.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Investors bear the risk of the Turbo's Long expiring (almost) worthless if 
the price of the Underlying does at any time (i) either during the Term 
of the Securities or any other predefined period specified for these pur-
poses, (ii) or on the Valuation Date or any other predefined date specified 
for these purposes reach or fall short of the Current Stop Loss Level, 
so-called Stop Loss Event, all as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms. In this case, the Option Right expires and the Securityholder will 
receive payment of a redemption amount in the Redemption Currency 
which is determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, 
so-called Stop Loss Redemption Amount. Only if specified in the appli-
cable Product Terms, the Securityholder will in such case receive a min-
imum re-payment of 0.001 in the Redemption Currency or such other 
amount as specified in the applicable Product Terms. Otherwise, the Stop 
Loss Redemption Amount can be EUR 0.00, but not less than EUR 0.00. 
 
Upon exercise of the Turbo's Long by either the Securityholder or the 
Issuer, (and unless a Stop Loss Event has occurred), Securityholders re-
ceive on the Redemption Date a Redemption Amount in the Redemption 
Currency equal to the difference amount by which the Reference Price or 
the Settlement Price of the Underlying, as specified in the relevant Prod-
uct Terms of the Turbo's Long, exceeds the Current Financing Level, 
multiplied by the Leverage Factor or the Multiplier, as specified in the 
applicable Product Terms. 
 
The Calculation Agent shall regularly adjust the Current Financing Level 
and the Current Stop Loss Level to cover the financing and other costs of 
the Issuer. These daily adjustments will reduce, if all other factors deter-
mining the market price of the Turbo's Long remain unchanged, the value 
of the Turbo's Long. 
During their term, the Turbo's Long do not generate any regular income 
(e.g. dividends or interest). See section 5.2 "Product Terms - Turbo's 
Long" for a description of the specific conditions of the Turbo's Long. 
 
(ii) Turbo's Short 
 
Turbo's Short allow investors to positively participate disproportionately 
(with leverage) in the negative development of the Underlying.  
 
Conversely, investors in Turbo's Short also participate disproportionately 
(with leverage) in the positive development of the Underlying.  
 
Investors bear the risk of the Turbo's Short expiring (almost) worthless if 
the price of the Underlying does at any time (i) either during the Term 
of the Securities or any other predefined period specified for these pur-
poses, (ii) or on the Valuation Date or any other predefined date specified 
for these purposes reach or exceed the Current Stop Loss Level, so-
called Stop Loss Event, all as specified in the applicable Product Terms. 
In this case, the Option Right expires and the Securityholder will receive 
payment of a redemption amount in the Redemption Currency which is 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, so-
called Stop Loss Redemption Amount. Only if specified in the applicable 
Product Terms, the Securityholder will in such case receive a minimum 
re-payment of 0.001 in the Redemption Currency or such other amount 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms. Otherwise, the Stop Loss 
Redemption Amount can be EUR 0.00, but not less than EUR 0.00.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
Upon exercise of the Turbo's Short by either the Securityholder or the 
Issuer, (and unless a Stop Loss Event has occurred), Securityholders re-
ceive on the Redemption Date a Redemption Amount in the Redemption 
Currency equal to the difference amount by which the Reference Price or 
the Settlement Price of the Underlying, as specified in the relevant Prod-
uct Terms of the Turbo's Short, falls short of the Current Financing Level, 
multiplied by the Leverage Factor or the Multiplier, as specified in the 
applicable Product Terms.  
 
The Calculation Agent shall regularly adjust the Current Financing Level 
and the Current Stop Loss Level to cover the financing and other costs of 
the Issuer. These daily adjustments will reduce, if all other factors deter-
mining the market price of the Turbo's Short remain unchanged, the value 
of the Turbo's Short.  
 
During their term, the Turbo's Short do not generate any regular income 
(e.g. dividends or interest). See section 5.2 "Product Terms - Turbo's 
Short" for a description of the specific conditions of the Turbo's Short. 
 
(iii) Turbo's XL Long 
 
Turbo's XL Long allow investors to participate disproportionately (with 
leverage) in the positive development of the Underlying. 
 
Conversely, investors in Turbo's XL Long also participate disproportion-
ately (with leverage) in the negative development of the Underlying.  
 
Investors bear the risk of the Turbo's XL Long expiring worthless if at 
any time the price of the Underlying reaches or falls short of the Cur-
rent Knock Out Barrier, so-called Knock Out Event either (i) during 
the Term of the Securities or any other predefined period specified for 
these purposes, or (ii) on the Valuation Date or any other predefined date 
specified for these purposes, all as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms. In this case, the Option Right lapses and each Turbo XL Long 
expires immediately worthless. 
 
Upon exercise of the Turbo's XL Long by either the Securityholder or the 
Issuer (and unless a Knock Out Event has occurred), Securityholders re-
ceive on the Redemption Date a Redemption Amount in the Redemption 
Currency equal to the difference amount by which the Reference Price or 
the Settlement Price of the Underlying, as specified in the relevant Prod-
uct Terms of the Turbo's XL Long, exceeds the Current Strike, multiplied 
by the Leverage Factor or the Multiplier, as specified in the applicable 
Product Terms. 
 
The Calculation Agent shall regularly adjust the Current Knock Out Bar-
rier and the Current Strike to cover the financing and other costs of the 
Issuer. These daily adjustments will reduce, if all other factors determin-
ing the market price of the Turbo's XL Long remain unchanged, the value 
of the Turbo's XL Long. 
 
During their term, the Turbo's XL Long do not generate any regular in-
come (e.g. dividends or interest). See section 5.2 "Product Terms -  Tur-
bo's XL Long" for a description of the specific conditions of the Turbo's 
XL Long.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
(iv) Turbo's XL Short 
 
Turbo's XL Short allow investors to positively participate disproportion-
ately (with leverage) in the negative development of the Underlying. 
 
Conversely, investors in Turbo's XL Short also participate disproportion-
ately (with leverage) in the positive development of the Underlying. 
 
Investors bear the risk of the Turbo's XL Short expiring worthless if the 
price of the Underlying does at any time (i) either during the Term of 
the Securities or any other predefined period specified for these purposes, 
(ii) or on the Valuation Date or any other predefined date specified for 
these purposes reach or exceed the Current Knock Out Barrier, so-
called Knock Out Event, all as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms. In this case, the Option Right lapses and each Turbo XL Short 
expires immediately worthless. 
 
Upon exercise of the Turbo's XL Short by either the Securityholder or the 
Issuer (and unless a Knock Out Event has occurred), Securityholders 
receive on the Redemption Date a Redemption Amount in the Redemp-
tion Currency equal to the difference amount by which the Reference 
Price or the Settlement Price of the Underlying, as specified in the rele-
vant Product Terms of the Turbo's XL Short, falls short of the Current 
Strike, multiplied by the Leverage Factor or the Multiplier, as specified 
in the applicable Product Terms. 
 
The Calculation Agent shall regularly adjust the Current Knock Out Bar-
rier and the Current Strike to cover the financing and other costs of the 
Issuer. These daily adjustments will reduce, if all other factors determin-
ing the market price of the Turbo's XL Short remain unchanged, the value 
of the Turbo's XL Short. 
 
During their term, the Turbo's XL Short do not generate any regular in-
come (e.g. dividends or interest). See section 5.2 "Product Terms - Tur-
bo's XL Short" for a description of the specific conditions of the Turbo's 
XL Short. 
 
(v) Factor (Long) Certificates 
 
Factor (Long) Certificates allow investors to participate disproportion-
ately (with leverage) in the positive development of the Underlying. 
 
Conversely, investors in Factor (Long) Certificates also participate dis-
proportionately (with leverage) in the negative development of the Un-
derlying.  
 
Investors bear the risk of the Factor (Long) Certificates expiring (almost) 
worthless if the price of the Underlying does at any time (i) either dur-
ing the Term of the Securities or any other pre-defined period specified 
for these purposes, (ii) or on the Valuation Date or any other pre-defined 
date specified for these purposes reach or fall short of the Current 
Strike (a so-called Knock Out Event has occurred), all as specified in 
the applicable Product Terms. In this case, the Option Right expires and

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
the Securityholder will not receive any re-payment or, if so specified in 
the applicable Product Terms, receive a minimum re-payment of 0.001 in 
the Redemption Currency or such other amount as specified in the appli-
cable Product Terms. 
 
Upon exercise of the Factor (Long) Certificates by either the Securi-
tyholder or the Issuer (and unless a Knock Out Event has occurred), the 
Securityholder receives on the Redemption Date a Redemption Amount 
in the Redemption Currency equal to the amount by which the Reference 
Price or the Settlement Price of the Underlying, as specified in the rele-
vant Product Terms of the Factor (Long) Certificates, exceeds the Current 
Strike, multiplied by the Conversion Ratio, as specified in the applicable 
Product Terms. 
 
The Factor (Long) Certificates also contain a Reset Event mechanism 
which ensures that intraday movements in the value of the Underlying 
above the Current Strike but at or below the Current Reset Barrier result 
in downward adjustments of the Current Strike and the Conversion Ratio 
that are aimed at limiting the Securityholders' risk of loss (but do not pre-
vent partial or total loss of the capital invested). 
 
The Issuer shall regularly adjust the Current Strike and the Conversion 
Ratio to cover its financing costs and/or maintain the Leverage Factor 
constant. These daily adjustments may reduce the value of the Factor 
(Long) Certificates even if all other factors determining the market price 
of the Factor (Long) Certificates remain unchanged. 
 
During their term, the Factor (Long) Certificates do not generate any reg-
ular income (e.g. dividends or interest). See section 5.2 "Product Terms - 
Factor (Long) Certificates" for a description of the specific conditions of 
the Factor (Long) Certificates.  
 
(vi) Factor (Short) Certificates 
 
Factor (Short) Certificates allow investors to participate disproportion-
ately (with leverage) in the negative development of the Underlying. 
 
Conversely, investors in Factor (Short) Certificates also participate dis-
proportionately (with leverage) in the positive development of the Under-
lying.  
 
Investors bear the risk of the Factor (Short) Certificates expiring (almost) 
worthless if the price of the Underlying does at any time (i) either dur-
ing the Term of the Securities or any other pre-defined period specified 
for these purposes, (ii) or on the Valuation Date or any other pre-defined 
date specified for these purposes reach or exceed the Current Strike (a 
so-called Knock Out Event has occurred), all as specified in the appli-
cable Product Terms. In this case, the Option Right expires and the Secu-
rityholder will not receive any re-payment or, if so specified in the appli-
cable Product Terms, receive a minimum re-payment of 0.001 in the Re-
demption Currency or such other amount as specified in the applicable 
Product Terms. 
 
Upon exercise of the Factor (Short) Certificates by either the Securi-
tyholder or the Issuer (and unless a Knock Out Event has occurred), the 
Securityholder receives on the Redemption Date a Redemption Amount 
in the Redemption Currency equal to the amount by which the Current

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
Strike exceeds the Reference Price or the Settlement Price of the Under-
lying, as specified in the relevant Product Terms of the Factor (Short Cer-
tificates, multiplied by the Conversion Ratio, as specified in the applica-
ble Product Terms. 
 
The Factor (Short) Certificates also contain a Reset Event mechanism 
which ensures that intraday movements in the value of the Underlying 
below the Current Strike but at or above the Current Reset Barrier result 
in upward adjustments of the Current Strike and in downward adjust-
ments of the Conversion Ratio that are aimed at limiting the Securityhold-
ers' risk of loss (but do not prevent partial or total loss of the capital in-
vested). 
 
The Issuer shall regularly adjust the Current Strike and the Conversion 
Ratio to cover its financing costs and/or maintain the Leverage Factor 
constant. These daily adjustments may reduce the value of the Factor 
(Short) Certificates even if all other factors determining the market price 
of the Factor (Short) Certificates remain unchanged. 
 
During their term, the Factor (Short) Certificates do not generate any reg-
ular income (e.g. dividends or interest). See section 5.2 "Product Terms - 
Factor (Short) Certificates" for a description of the specific conditions of 
the Factor (Short) Certificates. 
Taxation: 
Potential investors should read the notices regarding the taxation of the 
Securities, see section 11 "Taxation". 
Governing Law: 
The Securities issued by the Issuer are governed by Danish law.   
Ratings: 
The Securities will not be rated.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Securities in 
the United States, the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and 
such other restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering 
and sale of a particular Security. See section 10 "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Securities involves a degree of risk. Prospective investors should read the entire Base Pro-
spectus and should carefully consider the risks set forth below and the other information contained in the Base 
Prospectus prior to making any investment decisions with respect to the Securities.  
 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may adversely affect the Group’s business activities, results of, 
operations, financial condition and/or cash flows and thereby affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Securities. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. Factors which the Issuer 
believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Securities are also 
described below. 
 
The risks and uncertainties below are those that the Issuer's management currently views as material. Additional 
risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that the Issuer currently 
deems immaterial, could also arise or become material in the future, which could have a material adverse effect 
on the business activities, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows of the Group and, if any such 
risk should occur, the price of the Securities may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (in-
cluding any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any invest-
ment decision. 
 
The most material risks, as currently assessed by the Issuer, are set out first in each category of risk factors 
below. The same exercise has also been undertaken for each category of risks set out below, resulting in the most 
material risk categories appear first. In determining the materiality of each such risk, the Issuer has considered 
both (i) the expected magnitude of the possible negative impact on the Issuer should such risk occur and (ii) the 
probability of such risk occurring. Where deemed relevant, the Issuer has included a specific assessment of the 
probability of occurrence of a risk, including by inclusion of  examples of historical events, which may be an 
indicator of probability. The absence of negative past experience associated with a given risk factor does not 
mean that the risks and uncertainties in that risk factor are not genuine and potential threats, and they should 
therefore be considered prior to making an investment decision. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER 
General business risks 
 
The Group is exposed to a number of risks, which can be categorised as follows:  
 
• General Credit risk: The potential risk that a borrower or counterparty will fail to meet its obligations in 
accordance with agreed terms and the risk of such parties' credit quality deteriorating. 
• Counterparty Credit risk: The risk that the counterparty to a derivative transaction could default before 
the final settlement of the transaction’s cash flows. 
• Settlement risk: The risk of a counterparty failing to deliver money or securities according to contractual 
terms at the time of settlement. 
• Market risk: The risk of loss in value as a result of changes in market rates and parameters that affect 
market values, for example interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commod-
ity prices and option volatilities. 
• Operational risk: The risk of direct or indirect financial losses or damaged reputation due to failure at-
tributable to technology, employees, procedures or external events. Operational risk includes legal, com-
pliance and model risk. 
• Liquidity risk: The risk that the Group’s cost of funds rises to disproportionate levels or, in the worst case

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
scenario, prevents the Group from continuing as a going concern under its current business model; the 
risk that the Group does not have sufficient liquidity to fulfil its payment obligations as and when they 
fall due; and the risk that the Group does not comply with regulatory liquidity requirements (see "The 
Issuer is subject to capital requirements and other capital adequacy regulations" below). 
• Business risk: The risk of a direct or an indirect loss, or damaged reputation as a result of changes in 
external circumstances or events. 
The Group's income and profitability depend on trading volume and balances and are therefore prone to sig-
nificant fluctuations and difficult to predict  
The Group's transaction-driven income is determined by the volume of transactions and the average transaction-
driven income per transaction. The Group's total income for 2024 amounted to DKK 4,670 million. The transac-
tion-driven income accounted for 39 per cent of total income in 2024. The transaction volume that the Group 
processes for its clients depends on the number of clients (the number of securities accounts they hold) and the 
level of activity among these clients. The level of activity is determined by investor sentiment, which in turn 
largely depends on the volatility and direction (i.e. rise or fall) of financial markets. The average transaction-
driven income per transaction depends on the Group's pricing structure, the value of the securities being traded, 
and the exchange and broker costs that the Group is charged for settlement of the transaction. The Group's cost 
level is not fully dependent on its transaction-driven income and accordingly, a decrease in transaction-driven 
income does not imply corresponding lower expenses. A decrease in trading volume due to the sentiment and 
volatility of the financial markets will adversely affect the Group's profitability, see also risk factor "The Group 
is affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions". 
 
Adverse economic and financial developments resulting in a deterioration in market conditions, including 
changes in the systemic liquidity of the global financial markets, the level and volatility of fixed income prices, 
inflation, interest rates, exchange rates, commodity prices and the availability and cost of funding as well as 
declining economic growth rates and rising unemployment generally has had and may continue to have an adverse 
effect on investor sentiment resulting in a decline in the Group's total income and consequently its profitability.  
The markets in which the Group operates are competitive where new competitors can enter.  The failure by 
the Group to compete effectively may have an adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operation 
and financial condition  
The markets in which the Group operates are evolving and with high competitiveness, with multiple participants 
competing for the same clients. The Group faces more intensive competition regionally than on a global basis. 
The Group's current and potential future competition principally comes from incumbent brokerages, established 
financial technology companies, venture-backed financial technology firms, banks, cryptocurrency exchanges, 
asset management firms and technology platforms. Specifically, the online trading and brokerage market is un-
dergoing a significant change due to the emergence of online brokers with a discounted commission fee model. 
As a result, brokerage is increasingly seen as a commodity and clients are increasingly becoming unwilling to 
pay extra for the quality of service. This changing behavior of clients creates pricing pressure for the Group 
(pressure from (potential) clients to lower prices) and this may have an adverse effect on the Group's net com-
mission and interest income and therefore on the Group's profitability as a whole. The Group experiences pricing 
pressure especially within contracts for difference ("CFDs"), deposits and options trading.  
 
Computer-generated buy/sell programs and other technological advances and regulatory changes in the markets 
may continue to tighten spreads on securities transactions. Tighter spreads and increased competition could make 
the execution of trades and market making activities less profitable. In addition, new and enhanced trading sys-
tems have emerged as an alternative for individual and institutional investors, as well as broker-dealers, to avoid 
directing their trades through brokers and could result in reduced revenues of the Group. 
If the Group is unable to retain or grow its market share in the future, this will have an effect on the Group's 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is subject to operational risks

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
The Group's business inherently generates a high operational risk. The operational risks that the Group faces 
include inappropriate, inadequate or deficient internal processes and systems of the Group and its partners (such 
as UBS), human error, errors resulting from faulty communications systems, transaction processing and settle-
ment, employee misconduct or external events and fraud. Although the Group's business is based on and operated 
through a digital platform, certain of its operations require manual input and in the past the Group's employees 
have, occasionally, made errors related to such procedures, and the Group has experienced misconduct by em-
ployees. The number of operational incidents typically increases if the Group undertakes major projects, which 
for instance was the case in respect of the technical migration of the clients of the Issuer's former subsidiary 
BinckBank N.V. to the Group's trading platforms where the Group experienced an increased number of opera-
tional incidents. 
 
The Group's business is dependent on its ability to process and monitor on a real time basis multiple client rela-
tionships, agreements, products and transactions, many of which are highly complex and extend across numerous 
and diverse markets in many currencies. Such systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result 
of factors that are wholly or partially beyond the Group's control, such as increased transaction volume, power 
losses, telecommunications or data network failures, improper or negligent operation by its services providers or 
unauthorised physical or electronic access and different violations or system integrity, adversely affecting the 
Group's ability to process transactions or provide services. As an example, the Group's trading systems were 
challenged when the oil future front contracts suddenly and unexpectedly traded at negative prices during the 
Covid-19 pandemic in April 2020. The Group experiences from time to time shorter or longer downtimes, in-
cluding as a result of cyber-attacks. The threat of cyber-crime against the Danish financial sector is very high, 
and the threat of cyber espionage is medium. The threat from cyber criminals is persistent, and some of their 
attacks are sophisticated and extensive. The Group has experienced distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks 
in the past which resulted in the Group's systems not being operational for a short period of time, however, even 
short downtimes may have substantial impact on the Group's business as it is dependent on being able to process 
and monitor on a real time basis. Extensive downtime of the Group's systems and services may cause transaction 
errors (including clients being unable to trade or not having access to correct information among others). In 
addition, failure of the Group's systems may adversely impact its ability to determine effectively its pricing, 
collateral reserves and the acceptable level of risk exposure in respect of these transactions or services. 
 
The Group must be able to transmit confidential information in a secured way in order to carry out its operations. 
Given the Group is a financial institution, it is subject to a heightened risk that it will be the target of criminal 
activity such as fraud, theft and cyber-attacks. The Group processes (i) personal client data such as client names, 
addresses and bank account details; (ii) transaction data, such as payment instructions, money transfers, securities 
trading and various other communications; and (iii) other confidential information as part of its business, includ-
ing in respect of its partner agreements. Actual or perceived breaches of the Group's security measures or the 
accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or 
confidential data about the Group, its partners, its clients or third parties could expose the Group to a risk of loss 
or misuse of this information, resulting in potential liability, significant costs (including damages) or regulatory 
inquiries or actions, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and 
financial condition.  
The Group is subject to extensive regulation which significantly affects the Group's business and costs asso-
ciated with doing business, and non-compliance with such regulation may expose the Group to significant 
penalties and reputational harm 
The Issuer is a financial institution with both banking and other financial licenses, its business model is complex 
and it offers a broad range of products across many markets to both retail investors and institutional investors. 
Accordingly, the Issuer and other members of the Group are subject to many and complex financial services laws 
and regulations, including, but not limited to, regulations on conduct of business, anti-money laundering and 
terrorist financing, sanctions regimes, market abuse, economic and financial sanctions, payments, capital require-
ments, data protection laws, codes of conduct, administrative actions and policies in Denmark and in each other 
jurisdiction in which the Group carries on business, whether through a subsidiary or a subsidiary branch and in 
relation to the products it markets and sells on a cross-border basis. As a result of conducting consumer operations

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
in a number of countries, consumer agencies, financial supervisory authorities and other authorities in these coun-
tries have jurisdiction over many aspects of the Group's business, including marketing and selling practices, re-
muneration models, advertising and general terms of business. Certain of the Group's products offered to retail 
clients are considered high risk products. Retail clients are in general afforded more protective regulations than 
professional investors. This regulatory environment also makes the Group susceptible to regulatory and litigation 
risks, see risk factor "The Group is subject to ongoing legal and regulatory proceedings".  
 
Changes in supervision and regulation and impositions of new requirements, in particular in Denmark, could also 
materially affect the Group's business or the value of its assets. Future changes in regulation, fiscal or other 
policies can be unpredictable and are beyond the control of the Group and could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. Keeping appraised of new requirements on 
a continuous basis and ensuring legal and operational compliance throughout the Group may negatively impact 
the ability of the Group to generate profit.   
 
Moreover, regulatory changes may also impose restrictions on the Issuer's offerings, including the Securities. 
With effect from 1 October 2021, the AFM announced restrictions on the offering of Turbo's to retail investors 
in the Netherlands. The restrictions imposed by the AFM include a leverage limitation, a mandatory risk warning 
and a prohibition on bonuses for trading Turbo's. In France, any marketing material related to the Securities 
addressed at retail investors must be submitted to the French Autorité des marches financiers prior to its distri-
bution . The Autorité des marchés financiers may consider that the Securities are too complex to be marketed to 
retail investors in France and consequently may not review any related marketing materials, require that such 
related marketing material is amended and ultimately prohibit that the Securities are marketed to retail investors 
in France. The AFM,  the Autorité des marchés financiers, or other regulators may impose further restrictions on 
instruments offered by the Issuer, which could materially affect the Group's business.  
The Group faces credit and counterparty risk 
The Group is subject to credit risk in respect of its financial counterparties, brokers and clients. 
  
Loans and other receivables are mainly loans issued to clients used to invest in securities, which can also be used 
to cover margin requirements related to derivative positions. Clients' margin trading exposures may lead to un-
collateralised exposures in the event of an unexpected price gap in one or several markets. In these instances, the 
collateral posted by clients may not fully offset sustained trading deficits, which may lead to losses if the Group 
is unable to collect the amounts due. Credit risk also occurs against the Group's brokers or market liquidity pro-
viders and financial counterparties. These brokers and liquidity providers are in general, major international 
banks. In addition, the Group is also exposed to credit risks when placing its surplus liquidity with correspondent 
banks, central banks or in short term investment grade government bonds or investment grade covered securities. 
 
The counterparties may default on their obligations to the Group due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns 
in the economy, operational failure, systemic failure or for other reasons. Defaults in relation to material third 
party obligations or a material number of defaults in general could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
financial condition and results of operations. In 2024, the Group recognised provisions for expected credit loss 
from all counterparties in the amount of DKK 9 million whilst this in 2023 amounted to DKK 13 million. These 
provisions relate to the possibility that a counterparty may default on its obligations. 
 
The Group relies on netting of exposures on derivative contracts and netting of cash accounts (i.e. offset positions) 
as well as collateral from securities from its clients and other counterparties to manage and reduce its counterparty 
credit risks. Non-enforceability of a contract to which the Group is counterparty could result in a loss for the 
Group, including where applicable law in the countries where the Group operates prevents it from enforcing 
netting provisions and collateral arrangements in accordance with the Group's assumptions or at all. 
 
Should a counterparty of the Group fail to provide sufficient collateral to meet margin requirements, the Group 
could become exposed to an uncollateralised credit risk exposure. Risks of failures by counterparties may increase 
in case of sudden, large price movements on the financial markets if the counterparties are overleveraged such as

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
was the case in connection with the Swiss National Bank's removal of the fixed price floor in 2015, see risk factor 
"The Group is affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions". 
 
The Group's general business terms and other contractual arrangements generally provide a right for the Group 
to perform close-out netting of exposures on derivative contracts, to net cash-balances between accounts and to 
realise collateral provided to the Group in case of an event of default on the part of the client. However, the legal 
and factual requirements for the enforcement of such rights depend on detailed assessments of contracts and 
applicable laws, are complex and vary in the jurisdictions where the Group operates, and include factors such as 
the type of client, the exposures involved and the type and handling of security. The Group has in the past expe-
rienced challenges to its right to net transactions and accounts and to enforce collateral. There is a risk that the 
Group's right to net transactions and accounts and to enforce collateral will be challenged in the future, including 
in connection with the default of clients and other counterparties, which could result in the Group incurring sig-
nificant losses and thereby have an adverse effect on the Group's results of operations and financial condition 
The Group is affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions  
The financial services industry generally prospers in conditions of economic growth, stable geopolitical condi-
tions, capital markets that are transparent, liquid and buoyant, and positive investor sentiment and spending by 
consumers. See also risk factor "The Group is exposed to the sensitivity and variation of the level of interest rates 
and changes in the interest rates and/or widening of liquidity and credit spreads may negatively affect the Issuer's 
financial condition and results of operations". In recent years, the global financial markets have experienced 
significant disruptions and volatility as a result of, among other things, concerns regarding the overall stability of 
the euro area, uncertainty in respect of rising interest rate environment, rising inflation, fears related to a slow-
down of the Chinese economy, and possible recession, the tightening of monetary policy by one or several major 
central banks to curb high inflation that could trigger a recession, including the tightening by central banks world-
wide, future outbreaks of pandemics such as Covid, the volatile global oil and energy prices, the possible intro-
duction of new and increased tariffs, threat of tradewars and geopolitical tensions or wars such as Russia's war 
against Ukraine and increasing sanctions imposed against Russia by the major economies such as the United 
Kingdom, the United States and the European Union, and the evolving conflict between Israel and Hamas with 
escalations into Lebanon and Iran. Such circumstances are outside the Group's control but nonetheless may have 
an adverse effect on the Group. An example of such circumstances outside the Group's control was the Swiss 
National Bank's decision to remove the fixed floor between the Swiss franc and the euro on 15 January 2015 
which caused the Group a net loss of DKK 0.7 billion in 2015. As a result of the Swiss National Bank's decision, 
the exchange rate against the euro increased significantly and suddenly, and a number of the Group's clients had 
stop orders triggered or ended up with insufficient margin collateral to cover their losses on positions in the Swiss 
franc. More recently in 2023 and the first six months of 2024, the uncertain macroeconomic environment and 
low market volatility continued to impact the Group's results. Rising interest rates contributed to a higher interest 
income of the Group, while  rising inflation and low volatility in financial markets resulted in lower trading and 
investing activity compared to 2022 (the Group achieved net profit of DKK 260 million in 2023 and DKK 464 
million in the first six months of 2024, compared to DKK 711 million in 2022).   
 
A continuation or worsening of some or all of these adverse economic and financial developments and resulting 
deterioration of market conditions, including changes in the systemic liquidity of the global financial markets, 
the level and volatility of fixed income prices, inflation, interest rates, exchange rates, commodity prices and the 
availability and cost of funding as well as declining economic growth rates and rising unemployment generally 
has had and may continue to have an adverse effect on investor sentiment resulting in a decline in the Group's 
total income. Such developments may also impact the liquidity, business or financial position of the Group's 
clients, and potentially reduce demand for the Group's products and services, which might also impact the Group's 
net interest earning.   
 
The Group depends on large incumbent banks as liquidity providers. Due to the high interdependence between 
financial institutions, the Group is subject to the risk of deterioration of the actual or perceived commercial and 
financial soundness as well as the trust in financial institutions and capital markets in general. As an example, 
adverse developments in 2023 affecting the banking industry globally, including the failures of Silicon Valley

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Bank and Signature Bank in the United States and the forced sale in Switzerland of Credit Suisse Group AG and 
the related write-down of its Additional Tier 1 instruments, resulted in significant volatility in the financial mar-
kets. The banking industry may in the future be subject to further strain, particularly given that inflation rates 
remain high, economic activity remains somewhat muted and major global central banks are continuing their 
tightening policies. These types of volatile conditions in the global financial markets could have a material ad-
verse effect on the Group, including on the Group's ability to access capital and liquidity on financial terms 
acceptable to the Group, if at all. Additionally, a default or financial difficulties of one financial institution may 
have negative consequences for other financial institutions and may lead to liquidity problems, losses, defaults 
or worsening of general economic climate across the markets in which the Group operates, and one or more of 
the Group's liquidity providers could default on their obligations towards the Group. Such development may also 
negatively affect the trust in the financial system and the financial markets in general, which could adversely 
affect consumers' interest in investments and accordingly could have an adverse effect on the Group's results of 
operations and financial condition. 
The Group relies on third parties to provide certain services and operate its business. If such third parties 
were to fail to perform their services as agreed or terminate their services to the Group, this could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operation and financial condition 
The Group relies on other third-party service providers or third-party IT platforms to perform certain functions, 
including to provide prices on financial instruments and access to public markets, clearing and settlement sys-
tems, exchange systems, Internet services, cloud provider, communication facilities and other facilities. Such 
services are needed both for the Group's risk management purposes as well as to facilitate its clients' trading. In 
particular, the Group is dependent on its banking counterparties acting as liquidity providers to the Group and 
providing prices, clearing and settlement services. Any interruption in these third-party services, or deterioration 
in their performance, could be disruptive to the Group's business and could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. From time to time, the Group experiences disrup-
tions to its business as a consequence of interruptions to third-party services.  
 
Third parties may not be willing, or may be unable, to provide the services or systems in a timely manner, for 
example due to downtimes, cyber-attacks other interruptions in their IT systems, which are outside the Group's 
control. The Group may also for regulatory or reputational reasons have difficulties in maintaining services from 
third parties. Where the outsourcing is subject to regulatory requirements, the Group also needs to comply with 
several different regulations, and failure to do so could have regulatory consequences. 
 
The Group's third-party providers may not continue their business with the Group on for the Group commercially 
reasonable terms or at all, and if a third party provider were to terminate its business with the Group, the Group 
may not be able to find an alternative source of such services in a timely manner or on commercially reasonable 
terms, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
The Group is exposed to risks associated with its contractual framework with clients and other counterpar-
ties 
The Group relies on complex contractual arrangements with its institutional customers, including in relation to 
the split and mitigation of risks, netting of transactions and accounts and the posting and enforcement of collat-
eral. Contractual arrangements have evolved over time and will to some extent have to be adapted to the laws of 
the countries in which the Group operates, and the contractual arrangements with certain of the Group's institu-
tional clients are to some extent negotiated. The Group's contractual arrangements may not properly reflect the 
Group's intended risk profile, including in relation to the splitting of risks, netting of transactions and accounts 
and posting and enforcement of collateral. The Group has in the past experienced that some of its institutional 
clients have challenged the Group's perceived contractual rights, including in relation to netting and enforcement 
to security, which has caused, and in the future may cause, significant losses to the Group.  
 
The Group is dependent on its liquidity providers, which are large international banks, to provide access to certain 
products and to mitigate the Group's risks on its clients' trading portfolio. The trading relationship with the

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Group's liquidity providers is principally based on the counterparties' standard documentation which typically 
gives the counterparties broad powers to mitigate their risks, require additional collateral and close transactions 
or trading access. If any of these liquidity providers were to exercise such powers vis-à-vis the Group, including 
in the event of market turmoil, this could give rise to significant losses and have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business and results of operations. 
The Group's operations are subject to certain risks inherent in doing business internationally   
The Group is headquartered in Denmark and operates primarily in Europe, Asia-Pacific (in particular, Singapore), 
and the Middle East, with banking licenses in Denmark and Switzerland, and financial licenses in the United 
Kingdom, Singapore, Australia, Italy and Japan. Subject to costumary regulatory approvals, 80.1 % of the Group's 
business in Australia is set to be acquired by SCM DMA (Pty) Ltd. The Group's business is subject to various 
risks, many of which are magnified by its presence and service offerings in many jurisdictions and the effects of 
which may be more pronounced, including, but not limited to, the need to understand and comply with local laws, 
regulations and customs, difficulties in obtaining, maintaining and/or avoiding regulatory permissions and man-
aging multiple regulatory relationships across different jurisdictions on complex legal and regulatory matters, the 
challenge of positioning the Group's products and services in the local market, varying level of internet and 
network technology adoption and infrastructure and political and social unrest or economic instability. The Group 
may also incur significant expenses as a result of its international operations and expansion and the Group may 
not be successful in the pursuit of business in all these countries which, in each such case, could give rise to 
significant losses and have a material adverse effect on the Group's business and results of operations. 
The Group's business model requires it to have highly specialised personnel, including within IT and com-
pliance, and the Group may not be able to retain existing or attract new employees which increases the risks 
of failures and non-compliance and may put strain on its business  
The Group is a digital-platform-first company where technology is at the heart of both client and partner offerings. 
Certain large institutional partners of the Group require it to develop new technologies, systems and processes, 
including to set-up certain account, trade and execution and post-trade structures and make available certain 
products and markets not already available on the Group's platforms. The Group's growth and future success 
depends on its ability to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified personnel and, in particular, trained and 
experienced technical professionals capable of providing sophisticated IT-solutions. There is substantive compe-
tition within the industry in attracting and hiring qualified IT personnel, and the Group has in the past experienced 
difficulties in recruiting skilled IT personnel.   
 
The increasingly complex regulatory environment in which the Group operates places heavy demands on com-
pliance and competence which requires adequate knowledge and experience in various areas of expertise. A 
recent example is the adoption and entering into force of the EU Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA), the 
implementation of which requires that the Group has adequate and skilled personel. See also risk factor "The 
Group is subject to extensive regulation which significantly affects the Group's business and costs associated 
with doing business, and non-compliance with such regulation may expose the Group to significant penalties, 
force it to cease parts of its business and reputational harm". The complex regulatory environment also entails a 
high demand for trained and experienced personnel throughout the organisation to ensure compliance with ap-
plicable external and internal rules and respond to changes in such regulations. Should the Group be unable to 
retain or attract suitable and sufficient personnel it could increase the risk of human errors, misconduct or fraud 
which could have a material profit and loss impact. See also risk factor "The Group is subject to operational 
risks". 
General regulatory risk 
 
The Issuer is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in Denmark and in each 
other jurisdiction in which the Issuer carries on business. The Issuer is regulated by the the DFSA, which ensures a 
regulatory environment comparable to the regulatory environments of other Western European banks. Changes in 
supervision and regulation, in particular in Denmark, could materially affect the Issuer’s business, the products and 
services offered or the value of its assets. Although the Issuer works closely with its regulators and continually monitors 
the situation, future changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond the control of 
the Issuer.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
As an example of such recent legislative change is the adoption of the Basel IV CRD/CRR Package. See risk factor 
"The Issuer is subject to capital requirements and other capital adequacy regulations".  
 
In addition, the Group may be affected by change in local regulation in countries where the Group has subsidiaries. 
The Group is subject to detailed licensing requirements and non-compliance could result in monetary and 
reputational damage and jeopardise the availability of requisite licenses  
The Group's operations are contingent upon the receipt and maintenance of appropriate licenses by financial 
authorities. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Group hold banking licenses in Denmark 
and Switzerland, and financial licenses in the United Kingdom, Singapore, Australia, Italy and Japan. Subject to 
costumary regulatory approvals, 80.1 % of the Group's business in Australia is set to be acquired by SCM DMA 
(Pty) Ltd Further, the Group has clients who are residents in countries where members of the Group hold no 
licenses on the basis of the understanding that servicing such clients on a reverse solicitation basis does not trigger 
any license, but there is a risk that the relevant members of Group are, or will become, subject to license require-
ments in such countries when providing services and products to those clients. Finally, the Group has offices in 
14 countries. The Group's presence in many jurisdictions increases the need to understand and comply with local 
laws, regulations and customs, difficulties in obtaining, maintaining and/or avoiding regulatory permissions and 
managing multiple regulatory relationships across different jurisdictions on complex legal and regulatory matters. 
See also risk factor "The Group's operations are subject to certain risks inherent in doing business internation-
ally". 
 
Any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations on license requirements, or to comply in a timely 
manner, may lead regulatory authorities to impose regulatory action on the relevant member of the Group, in-
cluding orders, fines or other sanctions, and the relevant member of the Group may become subject to regulatory 
investigations, which may harm its reputation or result in the loss of its licenses. The loss of one or more licenses 
will require the Group to cease the relevant banking, financing and/or securities trading operations which would 
jeopardise the Group's future existence. In addition, clients and other persons may make claims against members 
of the Group on the basis of lack of licenses or non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, which could 
harm the Group's reputation, even if such claims were to be unfounded. The Group may have to spend substantial 
amount of time and costs in defending it against such claims, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is subject to ongoing legal and regulatory proceedings 
The Group is on an ongoing basis subject to various legal and regulatory proceedings as a result of inherent risks 
in the Group's business model. See also risk factor "The Group is subject to extensive regulation which signifi-
cantly affects the Group's business and costs associated with doing business, and non-compliance with such 
regulation may expose the Group to significant penalties and reputational harm". Regulatory investigations, 
actions and/or proceedings could lead to regulatory restrictions and orders, increase of the individual solvency 
requirement and significant monetary damages or fines imposed on the Group, loss of licenses or authorisations, 
criticism or penalties by supervisory authorities as well as the potential for regulatory restrictions on its business, 
all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial 
position. The Group may decide to agree to settlements of ongoing litigation or regulatory proceedings prior to a 
final judgment or determination of liability, if it considers such settlement as helpful to avoid the risks, cost, 
management efforts, negative press, and regulatory or reputational impact of continuing its defence. In particular, 
the Group may even decide to settle litigation or regulatory proceedings when it believes there was no wrongdo-
ing, or when the potential consequences of failing to prevail would be disproportionate to the costs of settlement. 
In addition, regulatory investigations may give rise to injunctive reliefs, civil or private litigation and criminal 
proceedings, which could have a negative effect on the Group's reputation and require a significant amount of 
management time and resources. Adverse regulatory actions against the Group or adverse judgement in litigation 
to which the Group is a party could result in restrictions or limitations on the Group's operations and ultimately 
the Group's financial licenses could be revoked and business would have to be discontinued. Moreover, the Group 
could also be subject to litigation or enforcement action arising from potential employee misconduct, including

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
non-compliance with internal policies and procedures, or negligence. The Group depends in part on the efficacy 
of training programs, internal controls, internal audit and risk management oversight to reduce the likelihood of 
such misconduct or negligent action. Failure of the foregoing could increase the risk of adverse action against the 
Group. 
 
For further information on specific regulatory actions, proceedings, enforcement proceedings and civil litigation 
see section 9.18 "Legal, governmental and regulatory proceedings" for further details.  
Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
The Issuer is subject to increased capital requirements and other capital adequacy regulations 
The Issuer's ability to fulfill its obligations under the Securities could be materially adversely affected if the Issuer 
does not fulfull its own funds requirements or is met with increased own funds requirements 
 
In addition to the minimum own funds requirements (also known as the Pillar 1 capital requirements (the "mini-
mum own funds requirement")), the CRD Directive contemplates that competent authorities may require addi-
tional “Pillar 2” capital to be maintained by an institution (the “additional own funds requirements” or the “indi-
vidual solvency requirement”) for example where an institution is exposed to risks or elements of risk that are 
not covered or not sufficiently covered by the minimum own funds requirement. The EBA has published guide-
lines addressed to national supervisors on common procedures and methodologies for the supervisory review and 
evaluation process ("SREP") which contains guidelines proposing a common approach to determining the amount 
and composition of additional own funds requirements.  
 
According to the CRD Directive, the additional own funds requirement must be fulfilled with at least 56.25 per 
cent. Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and at least 75 per cent. Tier 1 Capital. Furthermore, the CRD Directive 
authorises the relevant competent authority to require that the institution fulfils its additional own funds require-
ment with a higher portion of Tier 1 Capital or Common Equity Tier 1 Capital where necessary (while having 
regard to the specific circumstances of the relevant institution). In addition, the CRD Directive introduces a so-
called “guidance on additional own funds” or “P2G”. The guidance on additional own funds sets a level and 
quality of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital that the relevant institution is expected to hold in excess of its overall 
capital requirement. The guidance on additional own funds will be based on, inter alia, the stress tests performed 
in respect of the institution. While the P2G is set as a guidance and not as a specific requirement, the P2G may 
de facto be used as the relevant and governing standard in respect of the supervisory process and when the insti-
tution setting the target for its own level of additional own funds, making the P2G a de facto own funds require-
ment for the Issuer. Further, in the event of non-compliance with the P2G on additional own funds, the relevant 
credit institution is expected to notify its competent authority and prepare a revised capital plan. Where an insti-
tution repeatedly fails to meet the guidance on additional own funds, the competent authority is entitled to take 
supervisory measures and, where appropriate, impose additional own funds requirements on the institution.  
 
In addition to the minimum own funds requirement and the additional own funds requirement, the CRD Directive 
introduces a combined buffer requirement, which must be met with Common Equity Tier 1 Capital. At the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the countercyclical buffer rate is 2.5 per cent., which has applied since 31 March 2023. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is as a systemically important financial institution ("SIFI") subject 
to SIFI-buffer requirement of 1.00 per cent of the Risk Exposure Amount ("REA") with an effective date from 
31 December 2024. As at the date of this Offering Circular, it is not possible to predict the future development 
of the combined buffer requirement applicable on the Issuer, e.g. in case of activation of a systemic risk buffer 
of relevance for the Group or an increase in the countercyclical capital buffer in jurisdictions where the Group 
has activities. If the combined buffer requirement is breached, the institution has to submit a capital conservation 
plan for approval by its competent authority (in Denmark, the DFSA).  
 
As part of the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended) (the "BRRD"), the 
Issuer is subject to a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL requirement”), as 
determined by the Danish FSA (after consulting with Finansiel Stabilitet). The Issuer's MREL requirement will

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
be gradually phased in until 2029. As of 1 January 2025, the Issuer's MREL requirement, on a consolidated basis, 
is set at 20.9 per cent. of the Issuer's REA (and with a subordination requirement set at 22.4 of the Issuer's REA) 
and 5.0 per cent. of the Issuer's leverage ratio exposure measure. As of 1 January 2029, the Issuer's MREL re-
quirement, on a consolidated basis, will be 27.2 per cent. of the Issuer's REA (and with a subordination require-
ment set at 28.7 of the Issuer's REA) and 6.0 per cent. of the Issuer's leverage ratio exposure measure. The MREL 
requirement decision is based on 2023 numbers. The MREL requirement is determined annually by the Danish 
FSA (but may be updated over the year, for example in the case of a change to the countercyclical capital buffer) 
on the basis of the entity’s resolution plan. Accordingly, the Issuer’s MREL requirement may change over the 
year. If the Issuer does not fulfil the MREL requirement, the relevant authority may ultimately withdraw its 
banking licence.  
 
Further, the Issuer is subject to the Danish FSA's Supervisory Diamond for Danish banks. The Issuer is also 
subject to leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent. Tier 1 Capital. In addition, the competent authority may 
address the risk of excessive leverage as part of the SREP process (see above).   
 
Failure to comply with applicable capital requirements may result in administrative actions or sanctions against 
the Issuer, including a requirement to raise further capital, reduce or cancel discretionary payments, placing re-
strictions on the Issuer, or ultimately the loss of the Issuer’s banking license, each of which would have a material 
adverse impact on the Issuer's financial condition and results of operations and thereby on the Issuer's ability to 
fulfill its obligations under the Securities. The capital requirements (the minimum own funds requirements, the 
additional own funds requirements or the individual solvency requirement, the P2G, the MREL requirement and 
the combined buffer requirement) applicable to the Issuer are, by their nature, calculated by reference to a number 
of factors, any one of which or combination of which may not be easily observable or capable of calculation by 
investors.  
 
The new Basel IV CRD/CRR Package as well as other future legislative measures may result in even higher 
capital requirements of the Issuer which may materially adversely affect the Issuer's ability to fulfill its obliga-
tions under the Securities  
 
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee issued a publication titled: “Basel III: Finalising post-crisis reforms” 
(informally referred to as the "Basel IV"). The publication includes, among other things, a number of changes to 
and restrictions for credit institutions using internal models and a revised standardised method for calculation of 
credit risk. On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published its proposal for a review of the CRR Reg-
ulation and the CRD Directive, implementing, inter alia, Basel IV (the “Basel IV CRD/CRR Package”). The EU 
legislative process regarding the Basel IV CRR/CRD Package has now been completed subject to the national 
implementation and the regulatory technical standards and delegated act to be adopted thereunder. On 19 June 
2024, Directive (EU) 2024/1619 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May 2024 amending the 
Capital Requirements Directive IV as regards supervisory powers, sanctions, third-country branches, and envi-
ronmental, social and governance risks ("CRD VI") and Regulation (EU) 2024/1623 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 31 May 2024 amending the Capital Requirements Regulation as regards requirements for 
credit risk, credit valuation adjustment risk, operational risk, market risk and the output floor ("CRR III") were 
published in the Official Journal. Member States will have 18 months to transpose CRD VI into national legisla-
tion, whilst CRR III will apply directly in all Member States from 1 January 2025. The CRD VI and CRR III may 
result in higher REA for the Issuer.   
 
Local regulators in the other countries in which the Group holds banking licenses or other financial licenses could 
also require higher capital requirements than those required under current or proposed future regulations due to, 
among other things, the continued general uncertainty involving the financial services industry and the concerns 
over global and local economic conditions or, in the case of institution-specific capital requirements, over the 
financial position of an institution. Any such requirements, or perception by debt and equity investors, analysts 
or other market professionals that the capital buffers should be higher, or any concern regarding compliance with 
future capital adequacy requirements, could limit the Group's access to capital markets, which could have a ma-
terial adverse effect on its results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. In addition, lower internal credit

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
rating of clients, substantial market volatility, widening credit spreads, changes in the general capital adequacy 
regulatory framework or regulatory treatment of certain positions, such as changes in risk weights assigned to 
asset classes, fluctuations in foreign exchange ("FX") rates, decreases in collateral ratios as a consequence of the 
deterioration of the market value of underlying assets, or deterioration of the economic environment, among other 
things, could result in an increase in the Group's risk exposure amount, which potentially may reduce its capital 
adequacy ratios. If the Group were to experience a reduction in its capital adequacy ratios, and could not raise 
further capital, it would have to reduce its investments in other operations.  
 
The leverage ratio requirement as set out in the CRR or any of the minimum own funds requirements, additional 
own funds requirements, combined buffer requirement, the P2G, MREL requirement and the restrictions on dis-
cretionary payments, applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group may be amended in the future to include new and 
more onerous capital requirements. Any such new and more onerous capital requirements could have a material 
adverse impact on the Issuer's financial condition and results of operations and thereby on the Issuer's ability to 
fulfill its obligaitons under the Securities. 
The Group is exposed to the sensitivity and variation of the level of interest rates and changes in the interest 
rates and/or widening of liquidity and credit spreads may negatively affect the Group's financial condition 
and results of operations 
The Group's exposure to fluctuations in interest rates arises from the level of interest rates, credit spreads and 
changes in prevailing interest rates and credit spreads (including changes in the difference between the levels of 
prevailing short- and long-term rates). The composition of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer, and any maturity 
gap position resulting from that composition, causes its net interest income to vary with changes in interest rates. 
While higher interest rates in 2022, 2023 and the first six months of 2024 partly offset the lower trading activity 
among the Group's clients in these periods (affected, inter alia, by the higher interest rates, see risk factor  "The 
Group is affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions"), lower interest rates reduced the Group's net 
interest income in 2021 and 2020 and may in the future impact the Group's results negatively. 
 
In addition, the Group uses interest rate swaps to manage the interest rate risk on its tier 2 capital, senior non-
preferred notes and bond portfolio. There is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging 
instrument as the terms of the interest rate swap match the terms of the fixed rate loan and the bond positions 
(i.e., notional amount, maturity, payment and reset dates). However, the hedge may not be sufficient. The hedge 
ineffectiveness can arise from different interest rate curve applied and/or differences in timing of cash flows 
differently impacting the fair value movements of the hedging instrument and hedged item. 
 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to a range of factors beyond the Group's control, including European monetary 
policy and the policies of the Danish government, Danish Central Bank and the governments and central banks 
of the other jurisdictions in which the Group operates or for currencies relevant for the Group. In July 2022, the 
European Central Bank raised the ECB interest rate for the first time in 11 years and has during 2022 and 2023 
raised the interest rate several times with more than 4 percentage points in total. Whilst the ECB interest rate was 
lowered during 2024 (lowered four times by 0.25 percentage points at each interest rate cut), the interest rate is 
still higher than it has been for several years. In a period of changing interest rates and volatile spreads, interest 
expense may increase at different rates than the interest earned on assets. Accordingly, changes in interest rates 
could decrease interest income. The Group offers its clients credits as leverage for trading and certain limited 
credit products at variable interest rates, and these credits are mainly financed by deposits from clients at variable 
interest rates. A deterioration of the Group's net interest position due to an unfavourable change in the market 
could have an adverse effect on the Group's results of operations where the Group's strategies to reduce the 
interest rate risk, such as hedging, prove to be inefficient or insufficient.  
 
The Group's treasury portfolio is invested conservatively in receivables from central banks, short term govern-
ment bonds or investment grade covered securities. Changes in interest rates may negatively affect the value of 
the Group's assets and its ability to realise gains or avoid losses from the sale of those assets. Changes in interest 
rates may also result in unrealised losses that may be required to be recognised in the income statement or in 
equity on the balance sheet and/or in the Group's capital requirement. Accordingly, changes in prevailing interest

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
rates and/or widening of liquidity and credit spreads may negatively affect the Group's financial condition and 
results of operations.  
 
The Group uses hedging, forward contracts and derivative contracts to limit its exposure to adverse fluctuations 
in interest rates and currency exchange rates for hedging and trading purposes. As there are no regulatory require-
ments mandating the methods used to value these contracts, the Group and its counterparties may use different 
methods to do so. This may result in the calculation of different market values when contracts are reported for 
collateral management purposes. The Group is therefore exposed to potential losses as a result of changes in 
methodologies relating to the pricing and valuation of derivatives. Differences in valuation could also trigger a 
requirement to post additional collateral, which would negatively impact the Group’s liquidity and have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's trading capabilities. Either of these eventualities could also be triggered by adverse 
changes in market conditions. 
The Group is subject to liquidity risk related to the availability and cost of funding 
Liquidity risk is the risk of the Group not being able to fulfil its payment obligations as they fall due, the risk of 
the cost of funding rising to disproportionate levels or the risk that the Group does not comply with regulatory 
liquidity requirements. The Group encounters liquidity risk mainly when facilitating clients' trading activities. 
 
The principal source of liquidity risk for the Group is the risk of an uncollateralised trading loss related to client 
trading in which case the Group will have to provide the liquidity to cover the loss. The Group is also exposed to 
the withdrawal of client deposits. As of 31 December 2024, the Issuer held DKK 70,434 million in deposits.1 As 
such client deposits are immediately due and payable, it may adversely affect in particular the Group's regulatory 
liquidity position in case a large amount of such funds is withdrawn. A significant withdrawal of deposits within 
a short period of time may be the result of a loss of client confidence, increasing competitive pressures and/or the 
encouraged or mandated repatriation of deposits. The potential risk of withdrawal is greater for that part of the 
client deposits which does not fall under a deposit guarantee system. In an extreme scenario, very large with-
drawals could ultimately lead to a situation where the Group would be forced to dispose parts of its bond portfolio, 
which would lead to a profit/loss realisation of the difference between the amortised cost accounting and the 
market value (fair value) of the bonds.  
 
The Group may also face liquidity risks due to its use and sale of derivatives. In particular, under certain circum-
stances, the Group may with short notice be required to provide significantly higher collateral to its counterparties 
without being able to simultaneously increase the margin requirements for its clients or without its clients ful-
filling such increased margin requirements within the required timeframe or at all. If such circumstances were to 
arise, it would adversely affect the Group's own liquidity position and the Group would be subject to the same 
risks as set out in the first paragraph above.  
 
Liquidity risk may also arise as a result of losses in other risk categories, in particular where losses prevent the 
Group from refinancing its short-term debt obligations. It is also possible that funding may become temporarily 
unavailable or strained, in particular due to systemic liquidity problems experienced by the Danish financial 
system. 
 
The Group also encounters liquidity risk as a result of capital requirements to which it is subject. It may be 
necessary for the Group to issue securities in order to raise sufficient capital and/or funding to meet such require-
ments and, if it is unable to do so due to adverse market or other conditions, this could lead to adverse regulatory 
actions against the Group, which may include the imposition of penalties and fines, result in higher funding costs 
or even lead to a cessation of the Group’s activities. 
The Group faces market risks 
Market risk is the risk of a loss in value as a result of changes in market rates and parameters that affect market 
values, for example interest rates, credit spreads, FX rates, equity prices, commodity prices and option volatilities. 
 
1 Includes deposits from other banks.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
The Group incurs market risk exposures related to its business to facilitate access to global capital markets for its 
clients and partners. The Group is not having any proprietary trading and incurs only market risk exposures 
related to the optimisation of the hedging of client's trading. Market risk exposures primarily arise when clients’ 
trading activities are not fully hedged on a back-to-back basis. The Group's client-based trading flow is generally 
executed and hedged automatically in order to minimise the intermediate market risk; however, such hedging 
may prove insufficient to mitigate changes in market rates and parameters affecting market values or some limited 
and mostly temporary risks may arise related to optimisation of the Group's hedging of these trades. The Group 
generally hedges positions that it may hold in financial instruments. The market value of any positions in non-
hedged financial instruments held by the Group is sensitive to changes in market rates and parameters and the 
value of such instruments could decrease and cause the Group to record market risk losses, which could have an 
adverse effect on the Group's financial condition and results of operations.   
The Group's exposure to its Hedging Counterparty may negatively affect the Group's financial condition  
In connection with the issuance of the Securities, the Issuer has entered into an arrangement with UBS AG, 
pursuant to which UBS AG will, amongst others, act as Hedging Counterparty to the Issuer in respect of the 
economic risk of the Securities. As such, UBS AG concludes transactions ("UBS Securities") that correspond to 
the Issuer’s obligations arising from the Securities. The UBS Securities constitute direct, unsecured and unsub-
ordinated obligations of UBS AG, which, in particular in the case of insolvency of UBS AG, rank pari passu with 
all other current and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of UBS AG, with the exception of those 
that have priority due to mandatory provisions of law.  
 
The Issuer has an exposure on UBS AG as Hedging Counterparty. Therefore, the Issuer and UBS AG have 
entered into a collateral agreement which requires UBS AG to post collateral in case the contractual obligations 
of UBS AG towards the Issuer exceed a certain threshold (EUR 50 million). There is no requirement to post 
collateral in case the contractual obligations of UBS AG towards the Issuer will be less than such threshold. As 
a result, a default by the Hedging Counterparty on its contractual obligations towards the Issuer arising from the 
UBS Securities up to an amount of the agreed upon threshold of EUR 50 million, could have an adverse effect 
on the Group and may negatively impact its operating result and/or financial position.  
 
In case the Hedging Counterparty defaults on its contractual obligations towards the Issuer and such contractual 
obligations exceed the threshold of EUR 50,000,000, the Issuer will have the benefit of the posted collateral but 
this posted collateral will only cover a portion of the contractual obligations. The minimum amount of collateral 
that must be posted depends on the total size of the contractual obligations. In case the total size of the contractual 
obligations is between EUR 50,000,000 and EUR 59,999,999, the minimum amount of collateral must be EUR 
10,000,000. In case the total size of the contractual obligations is between EUR 60,000,000 and EUR 69,999,999 
the minimum amount of collateral must be EUR 20,000,000. The above means, despite the Issuer having the 
benefit of the posted collateral, that a default by the Hedging Counterparty on its contractual obligations towards 
the Issuer arising from the UBS Securities exceeding the amount of the agreed upon threshold of EUR 
50,000,000, could also have an adverse effect on the Group and may negatively impact its operating result and/or 
financial position.  
If the EU Commission's CMDI proposal is adopted, the Securities would rank junior to all of the Issuer's 
depositors 
Holders of Securities currently rank pari passu with depositors of the Issuer (other than in respect of preferred 
and covered deposits). In April 2023, the EU Commission announced a proposal to adjust and further strengthen 
the EU's existing bank crisis management and deposit insurance (CMDI) framework. If implemented as proposed, 
one element of the proposal would mean that Securities will rank junior in right of payment to the claims of all 
depositors. As such, there may be an increased risk of an investor in Securities losing all or some of their invest-
ment. See also the risk factor below, "The Securities may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity". 
The Securities may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity 
The Securities constitute unsecured debt claims over the Issuer.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
If the Issuer is determined failing or likely to fail within the meaning of the BRRD, and Finansiel Stabilitet (the 
authority appointed in Denmark under this regime) applies any, or a combination, of the BRRD resolution tools 
(for example sale of business, asset separation, bail-in or creation of a bridge bank), any shortfall from the sale 
of the Issuer's assets may lead to a partial reduction in the amounts outstanding to the Securityholders or, in a 
worst case scenario, a reduction to zero. Finansiel Stabilitet may seek to amend the terms of the maturity date of 
the Securities, which could negatively affect the value of the Securities. Each of the aforementioned measures 
may occur in isolation or, they may occur as a combination. For instance, Finansiel Stabilitet may require a partial 
conversion of the Securities into ordinary shares of the Issuer, in addition to any write-down and sale of the 
Issuer's assets. A write-down or conversion would have the effect that the Issuer would insofar be released from 
its obligations under the Securities. The resolution tools may, hence, have a significant negative impact on the 
Securityholders' rights by suspending, modifying or wholly or partially extinguishing claims under the Securities. 
In the worst case, this can lead to a total loss of the Securityholders' investment in the Securities. Public financial 
support to resolve the Issuer where there is a risk of failure will only be used as a last resort, having assessed and 
exploited the other resolution tools to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining financial stability. 
 
Any application of the general bail-in tool under the BRRD shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims 
in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on Securityholders will depend 
on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors such as depos-
itors. If the general bail-in tool were exercised by the relevant resolution authority, the Securities would be more 
likely to be bailed-in than certain other unsubordinated liabilities of the Issuer excluded from the scope of the 
general bail-in tool. 
 
To the extent any resulting treatment of Securityholders pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in tool is less 
favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a holder has 
a right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the relevant entity (which is 
referred to as the "no creditor worse off safeguard" under the BRRD). Any such compensation is unlikely to 
compensate that holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay in the 
recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are also likely to be made considerably later 
than when amounts may otherwise have been due under the Securities.  
 
The exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could have a material adverse 
effect on the rights of Securityholders, the price or value of their investment in any Securities and/or the ability 
of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Securities. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE SECURITIES  
The Securities may not be a suitable investment for all investors. None of the Securities vests a right to 
payment of fixed or variable interest or dividends and, as such, they generate no regular income. There-
fore, potential reductions in the value of the Securities cannot be offset by any other income from the Se-
curities.   
 
Each potential investor of Securities must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Securi-
ties, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Securities and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Pro-
spectus; 
 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its par-
ticular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Securities and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
Securities; 
 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Securities and be familiar with the behaviour of 
any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for eco-
nomic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
 
Some Securities are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to 
reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to the investor’s 
overall portfolio. A potential investor should not invest in Securities which are complex financial instru-
ments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how 
the Securities will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Securities 
and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. Reference 
is also made to risk factor "The Group is subject to extensive regulation which significantly affects the 
Group's business and costs associated with doing business, and non-compliance with such regulation may 
expose the Group to significant penalties and reputational harm" concerning the recent restrictions on of-
fering of turbo's imposed by the AFM with the purpose of providing better protection for retail investors 
against the risks of Turbo's.  
RISKS RELATED TO THE REDEMPTION PROFILE OF THE SECURITIES  
Risks related to the dependence on the Underlying 
On the Redemption Date (unless, with respect to Turbo's XL Long, Turbo's XL Short, Factor (Long) Certificates 
and Factor (Short) Certificates a Knock Out Event has occurred, and with respect to Turbo's Long and Turbo's 
Short, a Stop Loss Event has occurred), Securityholders are entitled to receive a Redemption Amount. With 
respect to Turbo's XL Long, Turbo's Long or Factor (Long) Certificates, the Redemption Amount will be in the 
Redemption Currency equal to the amount by which the Reference Price or the Settlement Price of the Underlying 
or the Basket Components exceeds the Current Strike or the Current Financing Level, as applicable, multiplied 
by the Leverage Factor, the Multiplier or the Conversion Ratio. With respect to Turbo's XL Short, Turbo's Short 
or Factor (Short) Certificates, the Redemption Amount will be in the Redemption Currency equal to the amount 
by which the Reference Price or the Settlement Price of the Underlying or the Basket Components falls short of 
the Current Strike or the Current Financing Level, as applicable, multiplied by the Leverage Factor, the Multiplier 
or Conversion Ratio, as specified in the applicable Product Terms.  
 
The Redemption Amount payable in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities depends on the performance 
of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components. In particular, an unfavourable performance of 
the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components could reduce the Redemption Amount payable to 
the Securityholders. If the Reference Price or the Settlement Price of the Underlying, or, as the case may be, the 
Basket Components, as specified in the relevant Product Terms, with respect to Turbo's XL Long, Turbo's Long 
or Factor (Long) Certificates, is equal to or below the Current Strike or the Current Financing Level, as applicable, 
or with respect to Turbo's XL Short, Turbo's Short or Factor (Short) Certificates, is equal to or above the Current 
Strike or the Current Financing Level, as applicable, the Redemption Amount will be equal to zero and the Se-
curities will expire worthless (if specified in the applicable Product Terms, subject to a minimum re-payment of 
0.001 units of the Redemption Currency or such other amount as specified in the applicable Product Terms). In 
such case, the Securityholder will suffer a total loss of the invested capital.  
Risks of adverse effect of the Leverage Factor or of the Multiplier on the value of the Securities  
The application of the Leverage Factor or of the Multiplier, as specified to be applicable in the Final Terms, 
within the determination of the Option Right results in the Securities being in economic terms similar to a direct 
investment in the Underlying or, as the case may be, in the Basket Components, but being nonetheless not fully 
comparable with such a direct investment, in particular because the Securityholders do, if so specified in the

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
relevant Final Terms, not participate in the relevant performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket 
Components by a 1:1 ratio, but by the proportion of the Leverage Factor or of the Multiplier. 
 
The application of the Leverage Factor or of the Multiplier can compound any potential gains as well as losses 
realised in respect of the Securities (i.e., over-proportional participation). Accordingly, if there is a positive or 
negative performance of the Underlying, as relevant, or, as the case may be, Basket Component, the proportion 
by which the Securityholder would participate in such positive or negative development, as relevant depending 
on the type of Security, may not be a fixed proportion but could be increasing or decreasing on a compounding 
basis.  
 
By way of example, with respect to Turbo's Long, Turbo's XL Long and Factor (Long) Certificates, if the price 
of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component increases by 1 per cent. over the course of 2 
consecutive business days and if the Leverage Factor or the Multiplier is 2 (disregarding, for the purposes of this 
example, all variables in the factor mechanism), the increase of the value of the Securities during the first business 
day would be 2 per cent., but the increase of the value of the Securities during the second business day would be 
2 per cent. of the value of the Securities as increased on the first business day (and, therefore, more than 2 per 
cent.). Conversely, if the price of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component decreases by 1 
per cent. over the course of 2 consecutive business days and if the Leverage Factor or the Multiplier is 2 (disre-
garding, for the purposes of this example, all variables in the factor mechanism), the decrease in the value of the 
Securities during the first business day would be 2 per cent., but the decrease of the value of the Securities during 
the second business day would be 2 per cent. of the value of the Securities as decreased on the first business day 
(and, therefore, less than 2 per cent.). 
 
With respect to Turbo's Short, Turbo's XL Short and Factor (Short) Certificates, the same example as above 
would instead result in the following:  if the price of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component 
increases by 1 per cent. over the course of 2 consecutive business days and the Leverage Factor or the Multiplier 
is 2 (disregarding, for the purposes of this example, all variables in the factor mechanism), the decrease of the 
value of the Securities during the first business day would be 2 per cent., but the decrease of the value of the 
Securities during the second business day would be 2 per cent. of the value of the Securities as decreased on the 
first business day (and, therefore, less than 2 per cent.). Conversely, if the price of the Underlying or, as the case 
may be, the Basket Component decreases by 1 per cent. over the course of 2 consecutive business days and if the 
Leverage Factor or the Multiplier is 2 (disregarding, for the purposes of this example, all variables in the factor 
or multiplier mechanism), the increase in the value of the Securities during the first business day would be 2 per 
cent. but the increase of the value of the Securities during the second business day would be 2 per cent. of the 
value of the Securities as increased on the first business day (and, therefore, more than 2 per cent.). 
 
Potential investors should further be aware that a number of variables in the factor mechanism (including, without 
limitation, the Conversion Ratio, the Reference Price, the Settlement Price and Fee Adjustment Ratio), if relevant, 
used to determine the Option Right could further increase the over-proportional participation (i.e., in addition to 
the over-proportional participation as a result of the application of the Leverage Factor or the Multiplier) and 
therefore could further increase the amount of any potential gains as well as losses realised by the Securityholders 
as a result of the performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component. 
 
However, potential investors should also be aware that such compounding is not a simple geometric progression. 
In particular, any movements in the values of these variables in the factor mechanism may not correspond to the 
performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Components either in terms of the direction of such 
performance (i.e., positive or negative) or in terms of the quantum of such performance (i.e., the change in value). 
In particular, the variables in the factor mechanism could operate in a direction opposite to the Leverage Factor 
or the Multiplier and could therefore dampen the effect of any over-proportional participation. Therefore, the 
performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Components and the Leverage Factor or the Mul-
tiplier may not directly correlate to the performance of the variables in the factor mechanism and, therefore, may 
not directly correlate to any potential gains as well as losses realised by the Securityholders in respect of the 
Securities. The correlation between the performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Components

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
and the Leverage Factor or the Multiplier on the one hand and the performance of the variables in the factor 
mechanism on the other hand shall be calculated on the basis described in the Conditions of the Securities. 
 
Potential investors should further be aware that if the price of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket 
Component moves in different directions (i.e., alternate increases and decreases) and, at the end of a period of 
time, returns to the same level as at the beginning of such period of time, the effect of the Leverage Factor or the 
Multiplier and the variables in the factor mechanism would be that the value of the Securities at the end of such 
period of time would not necessarily be the same as at the beginning of such period of time – and could be 
(significantly) lower. 
Risks related to adjustments of the Knock-Out Barrier, the Current Strike and the Conversion Ratio and of 
the Current Stop Loss Level, the Current Financing Level  
The Calculation Agent shall regularly (on a daily or monthly basis) adjust, with respect to Turbo's XL Long, 
Turbo's XL Short, Factor (Long) Certificates or Factor (Short) Certificates, the Knock Out Barrier, the Current 
Strike and/or the Current Conversion Ratio, as applicable. Such adjustments could depend on the development 
in the market, and the Calculation Agent will make any such determination in its reasonable discretion. With 
respect to Turbo's Long or Turbo's Short, the Calculation Agent shall regularly adjust the Current Stop Loss Level 
or the Current Financing Level, as applicable. The adjustment must be made in accordance with the Conditions 
of the Securities (e.g., in case of a share as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as specified 
in the definition of “Underlying” contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, to reflect 
any dividend payments made by the issuer of such share). Such adjustments could have an impact on (i) the 
Redemption Amount payable under the Securities, (ii) whether a Knock Out Event occurs in respect of Turbo's 
XL Long, Turbo's XL Short, Factor (Long) Certificates or Factor (Short) Certificates or (iii) whether a Stop Loss 
Event occurs in respect of Turbo's Long or Turbo's Short.  
 
Therefore, Securityholders bear the risk that such adjustments reduce the value of the Securities by (i) reducing 
the Redemption Amount payable under the Securities and/or (ii) increasing the likelihood of the occurrence of, 
with respect to Turbo's XL Long, Turbo's XL Short, Factor (Long) Certificates and Factor (Short) Certificates, a 
Knock Out Event, or with respect to Turbo's Long or Turbo's Short, a Stop Loss Event even if all other factors 
determining the value of the Securities remain unchanged. 
Risks in connection with the occurrence of a Knock-Out Event or Stop Loss Event while a market disruption 
event occurs or is subsisting  
With respect to Turbo's Long, Turbo's XL Long and Factor (Long) Certificates, if, at any time, the price of the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component could reach or fall below the Current Strike and a 
Knock Out Event could occur or reach of fall below the Current Financing Level and a Stop Loss Event could 
occur, but, at such time, a market disruption event occurs or is subsisting, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the price of the affected Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Component in its reasonable discretion. In 
such circumstances, the Calculation Agent could determine that the price of the affected Underlying or, as the 
case may be, Basket Component is equal to or below the Current Strike or Current Financing Level, as applicable. 
If such price is determined to be equal to or below the Current Strike or Current Financing Level, a Knock Out 
Event or a Stop Loss Event will occur and the Securities will expire worthless or, as the case may be, and as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, almost worthless.  
 
Conversely, with respect to Turbo's Short, Turbo's XL Short and Factor (Short) Certificates, the price of the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component could reach or rise above the Current Strike and a 
Knock Out Event could occur or the Current Financing Level and a Stop Loss Event could occur, but, at such 
time, a market disruption event occurs or is subsisting, the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of the 
affected Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Component in its reasonable discretion. In such circumstances, 
the Calculation Agent could determine that the price of the affected Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket 
Component is equal to or higher than the Current Strike or Current Financing Level, as applicable. If such price 
is determined to be equal to or higher than the Current Strike or Current Financing Level, a Knock Out Event or

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
a Stop Loss Event will occur and the Securities will expire worthless or, as the case may be, and as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, almost worthless.  
 
Depending on the Underlying, or as the case may be, the Basket Component, market disruption events include 
no-public price information, trading or price limitations, suspensions, disruptions or restrictions, significant 
changes in the method of price determination or trading conditions, restrictions in respect of currencies, and other 
events that in the reasonable discretion of the Calculation Agent disrupts or impairs the ability of market partici-
pants to effect transactions in an Underlying, or as the case may be, a Basket Component.  
 
In these particular circumstances, therefore, the Securityholder bears the risk that there will be a total or almost 
total loss of the capital invested. 
Risks related to a Reset Event in relation to Factor (Long) Certificates and Factor (Short) Certificates 
In respect of Factor (Long) Certificates and Factor (Short) Certificates, in case of the occurrence of a Reset Event 
in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities, the Strike and the Conversion Ratio applicable to Factor 
(Long) Certificates and Factor (Short) Certificates would also be adjusted as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities. However, such adjustment does not eliminate the risk of a 
total loss of the capital invested. The Securityholder, therefore, bears the risk of total loss of the capital invested. 
 
For the purposes of an adjustment of the Conversion Ratio following the occurrence of a Reset Event, the Calcu-
lation Agent should take into account a Reset Event Price instead of the last available closing price of the Under-
lying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component. However, such Reset Event Price is to be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion and may be equal to or lower than the Strike. Following the occur-
rence of a Reset Event, if the Calculation Agent determines the Reset Event Price to be equal to or lower than the 
Strike, the corresponding Conversion Ratio could also be zero and, accordingly, if the Securities were redeemed 
at such time, the Redemption Amount could also be zero or, as the case may be, and as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, close to zero and the Securities will expire worthless or almost worthless. In these particular cir-
cumstances, therefore, the Securityholder bears the risk that there will be a total or almost total loss of the capital 
invested. 
Risks related to (failure to) exercise by Securityholders 
The Securityholder's right vested in the Securities must be exercised by the respective Securityholder on one or 
more Exercise Date(s), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, in accordance with the exercise 
procedure described in the Conditions of the Securities, if the Option Right is to be asserted. The Securityholder 
bears the risk that it does not effectively exercise the Securities (including, in particular, that the required Exercise 
Notice is not duly received on the relevant Exercise Date), in which case the Securities cannot be exercised until 
the next Exercise Date stated in the Conditions of the Securities. If the Securityholder does not effectively exer-
cise on or before the latest possible Exercise Date in case of Securities not having the product feature "Open 
Ended", the Securities will expire worthless. In such case, the Securityholder will suffer a total loss of the invested 
capital.  
 
In such case and prior to the next Exercise Date stated in the Conditions of the Securities, the realisation of the 
economic value of the Securities (or parts thereof) is only possible by way of selling the Securities. If the price 
at which a Securityholder is able to sell the Securities is lower than the capital invested by such Securityholder 
for purchasing the Securities (including the transaction costs), the Securityholder will not only be unable to realise 
the (full) value of the Securities but may even suffer a total loss of the invested capital. The Securityholders can 
only sell their Securities to the Issuer via CATS and cannot sell the Securities on any other markets. The Issuer 
is not obliged to accept any specific minimum price of the Securities when trading the Securities via CATS, and 
while the Market Maker intends, under normal market conditions, to provide bid and offer prices for the Securities 
on a regular basis and shall aim to provide quotes (i.e. bid prices and sizes as well as offer prices and sizes) with 
spreads which are as small as possible, the prices are set within the sole discretion of the Market Maker and the 
Market Maker is not obliged to set higher prices than the capital invested by the Securityholder.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
In addition, any Securityholder must in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities tender a specified min-
imum number of the Securities, in order to exercise the Option Right vested in the Securities, the so-called Min-
imum Exercise Size. Securityholders with fewer than the specified Minimum Exercise Size of Securities will, 
therefore, either have to sell their Securities or purchase additional Securities (incurring transaction costs in each 
case). 
RISKS RELATED TO OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Risks in connection with converting values into the Redemption Currency   
In the case that in the definition of "Securities" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final 
Terms the product feature "Currency Conversion" or the product feature "Quanto" is specified to be applicable, 
a Securityholder's right vested in the Securities as well as the value of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the 
Basket Components are determined on the basis of a currency other than the Redemption Currency. 
 
In case the product feature "Currency Conversion" applies to the Securities, any value of the Underlying or, as 
the case may be, the Basket Components determined on the basis of a currency other than the Redemption Cur-
rency needs to be converted into the Redemption Currency by using a currency exchange rate prevailing at the 
time of such conversion. However, currency exchange rates are at times subject to considerable fluctuations and 
can change significantly over time. Any unfavourable developments in the value of the currency in which the 
value of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components is determined against the Redemption 
Currency may therefore reduce the value of the Securities and may even result in total loss of invested capital 
even in case of a favourable performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component.  
 
Conversely, in case the product feature "Quanto" applies to the Securities, any value of the Underlying or, as the 
case may be, the Basket Components determined on the basis of a currency other than the Redemption Currency 
needs to be converted into the Redemption Currency by using a currency exchange rate fixed at the time of 
issuance of the Securities (so-called "quanto"-feature). There may be favourable developments in the value of the 
currency in which the value of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components against the Re-
demption Currency. Therefore, the "quanto"-feature of the Securities may preclude the investors from participat-
ing in such favourable developments (i.e., because the fixed currency exchange rate used for the purposes of 
valuing the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component in the Redemption Currency is less favour-
able than the currency exchange rate prevailing in the market at such time) and, therefore, reduce the value of the 
Securities. 
No further participation in the performance of the Underlying, or as the case may be, Basket Components, 
following the termination and early redemption of the Securities 
The Securities may in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities be terminated and redeemed early in a 
number of circumstances. In particular, the Securities may be terminated automatically following the occurrence 
of a Knock Out Event or a, a Stop Loss Event, if applicable, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Further, the 
Issuer may exercise the Securities in full on certain dates, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Additionally, 
in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities, the Issuer is entitled to terminate and redeem the Securities 
in full prior to the Redemption Date under certain circumstances.  
 
In case of a termination and early redemption of the Securities prior to the Redemption Date, the value of the 
Securities can be lower than if the Securities were redeemed at the scheduled Redemption Date and any subse-
quent development in the performance of the Underlying, or as the case may be Basket Components, will not be 
reflected in the value of the Securities upon their termination and early redemption. The Securityholder is in 
accordance with the Conditions of the Securities entitled to demand the payment of an amount in the Redemption 
Currency in relation to this termination and early redemption. However, such amount can be considerably below 
the amount which would be payable at the scheduled end of the term of the Securities. If the amount payable to 
the Securityholder following the termination and early redemption of the Securities is lower than the invested 
capital, Securityholders may even suffer a total loss of the invested capital.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
In certain circumstances as specified in the Conditions of the Securities, such amount payable to the Securityhold-
ers in case of a termination and early redemption of the Securities would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
at its reasonable discretion and considering the then prevailing Price of the Underlying or, as the case may be, 
the Basket Components and the expenses of the Issuer caused by the termination, as the fair market price of a 
Security at the occurrence of the termination. When determining a fair market price of a Security, the Calculation 
Agent is entitled to consider all factors, including any adjustments of option contracts on the Underlying or, as 
the case may be, the Basket Components, without being bound to any third party measures or assessments, in 
particular any measures or assessments of any futures or options exchange. Due to the fact that the Calculation 
Agent may take into consideration the market factors it considers to be relevant at its reasonable discretion with-
out being bound to third party measures or assessments, there is the risk that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion as the fair market price of the Security at the occurrence of the 
termination – and, hence, the amount payable to the Securityholders - may differ from the market price of com-
parable Securities relating to the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components, as determined by a 
third party. 
 
Finally, the Securityholder is not entitled to request any further payments on the Securities after the relevant 
termination and early redemption date of the Securities. The Securityholder, therefore, bears the risk of not par-
ticipating in the performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components, to the expected 
extent and during the expected period. 
The substitution of the Issuer may reduce the value of the Securities and the amounts payable to the Secur 
tyholders 
Under the Conditions of the Securities, the Issuer is entitled, without the consent of the Securityholders, to sub-
stitute another company that is an Affiliate or another company with which it consolidates, into which it merges 
or to which it sells, leases, transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its property as issuer (the "Substitute 
Issuer") with respect to all obligations under or in connection with the Securities. Whilst a substitution of the 
Issuer would mean that the Issuer's distribution channel for offering of the Securities would be reduced, and 
therefore the likelihood of such substitution is generally low, the Issuer has such substitution right under the 
Conditions. Such Substitute Issuer will assume all obligations of the Issuer under or in connection with the Se-
curities, including the obligation to pay any Redemption Amount, Termination Amount or, as the case may be, 
Securityholder Termination Amount. The Securityholder would therefore be exposed to the credit risk of the 
Substitute Issuer. As a consequence, a substitution of the Issuer by the Substitute Issuer may reduce the value of 
the Securities and the amounts payable to the Securityholders under the Conditions of the Securities, depending 
on the financial situation and position of the Substitute Issuer. 
Risks related to the determination by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
Any exercise of discretion by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions of 
the Securities need not take into account the interests of the Securityholders and, therefore, may be detri-
mental to the value of the Securities. Securityholders generally cannot challenge such exercise of discretion 
save in the case of manifest error. This could diminish the economic returns of an investment in the Secu-
rities and, in extreme circumstances, even result in a partial loss of the invested capital.  
 
The Calculation Agent has certain discretion under the Conditions of the Securities. This includes, in particular, 
the ability of the Calculation Agent:  
 
• 
to determine whether certain events have occurred (in particular, the occurrence of a Potential Adjust-
ment Event or a Market Disruption in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities);  
• 
to determine any resulting adjustments and calculations;  
• 
also to make adjustments to the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components;  
• 
to postpone valuations or payments under the Securities.  
 
The Calculation Agent will make any such determination in its reasonable discretion. However, where the Cal-
culation Agent is required to make a determination it may do so without taking into account the interests of the

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Securityholders. Any determination made by the Calculation Agent may have an impact on the value and finan-
cial return of the Securities. Any such discretion exercised by, or any determination made by, the Calculation 
Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Securi-
tyholders and may, as a consequence, have an adverse impact on the value of the Securities and the amounts 
payable to the Securityholders under the Conditions of the Securities. The same may apply in instances where 
the Issuer exercises any discretion it has under the Conditions. In addition, the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
may also have a potential conflict of interest in relation to a certain Underlying or Basket Component in respect 
of which Underlying or Basket Component it has a discretion under the Conditions. 
RISKS IN CONNECTION WITH INVESTING IN, HOLDING AND SELLING SECURITIES 
Due to their "leverage" effect the Securities involve disproportionate loss exposure  
Due to the so-called “leverage” effect of the Securities, potential investors bear the risk that any change in 
the value of the Underlying or the Basket Components may result in a disproportionate change in the value 
of the Securities. The Securities, consequently, also involve disproportionate loss exposure. 
 
One of the key features of the Securities is its so-called “leverage” effect: Any change in the value of the Under-
lying or the Basket Components may result in a disproportionate change in the value of the Securities. The Se-
curities, consequently, also involve disproportionate loss exposure, if the price of the Underlying or, as the case 
may be, the Basket Components, develops unfavourable. 
 
The higher the leverage effect of a Security, the higher the loss exposure involved. Typically, the shorter the 
(remaining) maturity of the Security, the higher the leverage effect. 
Risks related to the market prices of the Securities 
The market price of the Securities may fluctuate during the term of the Securities. Accordingly, if Securityholders 
sell any Securities prior to their maturity, the sale proceeds may fall below (including significantly below) the 
purchase price of the Securities (including the transaction costs) initially invested in the Securities and investors 
would then lose some or all of the invested capital.  
 
The following factors may have an effect on the market price for the Securities:  
 
• 
the remaining term of the Securities;  
• 
any changes in the value of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components 
(including, without limitation, following any declaration or payment of any distribution or dividend by 
the issuer of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components); 
• 
any changes in the volatility of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Compo-
nents (including, without limitation, and in case of a share as Underlying or a Basket Component, as the 
case may be, as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of 
the relevant Final Terms, following any take-over bid in relation to these shares);  
• 
any changes in the creditworthiness of, or credit rating for, the Issuer; or  
• 
any changes in the market interest rate.  
 
Several individual market factors may also arise at the same time and any combination of market factors may 
have a material adverse effect on the value of the Securities.  
 
The value of the Securities may fall even in the event that the price of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any 
one or more Basket Components remains constant or rises slightly. Conversely, the value of the Securities may 
remain constant or rises slightly even if the price of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket 
Components increases. 
 
Further, the Market Maker may determine the buying and selling prices for the Securities ("Market Making") on 
a regular basis under normal market conditions. The bid and offer prices will be provided in real time, and the 
update of the real time prices is dependent on the development of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Basket Components. Under its agreement with the Issuer, the Market Maker does not provide any guarantee vis-
à-vis the Issuer that the prices specified by it are appropriate, nor does the Market Maker guarantee that prices 
for the Securities will be available at all times during their term. Thus, the markets prices of the Securities, if 
Securityholders wish to sell any Securities, may be lower than anticipated and there may not be available prices 
at all times potentially forcing Securityholders to wait to sell their Securities until prices are available and/or at 
prices that are lower than anticipated.   
 
The Market Maker is also entitled to change the method it uses for determining prices at any time and at its own 
discretion. This means, for instance, that the Market Maker can change its calculation models and/or increase or 
reduce the spread between the bid and the offer price. 
 
It is also the case that the availability of the relevant electronic trading platforms may become limited, or that 
such platforms may become completely unavailable, in the event of a Market Disruption or technical difficulties. 
The Market Maker tends not to determine any bid or offer prices in the event of exceptional market conditions 
or extreme price fluctuations. Securityholders therefore bear the risk that in certain circumstances they will not 
be provided with a price for the Securities. This means that Securityholders would not always be in a position to 
sell their Securities on the market at an appropriate price. If potential investors sell their Securities at an under-
value, they may suffer a partial loss of the invested capital. 
 
The opening times for a market for the Securities are often different to the opening times for the market for the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components. This means that the Market Maker may 
be required to estimate the price for the Underlying or, as the case may be, such one or more Basket Components 
in order to be able to determine the price for the Securities. These estimates may turn out to be inaccurate. They 
may also have adverse effects for the Securityholders. 
 
In connection with Market Making, some costs will be deducted over the term of the Securities when the market 
maker determines the price of the Securities. However, such deductions would not always be evenly distributed 
over the term of the Securities. Costs may be deducted in full from the fair value of the Securities at an early date 
to be stipulated by the market maker. The prices determined by the Market Maker can therefore vary considerably 
from the fair value of the Securities or their expected value based on economic considerations. 
The Issuer and its affiliates may have interests that conflict with those of the Securityholders, which may re-
sult in a decrease in the value and/or trading of the Securities 
The Issuer and its affiliates may have commercial interests that conflict with those of the Securityholders and that 
may impact the value and/or trading of the Securities. Such conflicts of interest may arise in connection with the 
Issuer's involvement in other transactions, the Issuer's existing business relationship with the issuer of the Under-
lying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components or with the Issuer acting in any other capacity. 
The contents of this risk factor may apply equally in respect of UBS in its role as Calculation Agent, Market 
Maker or Hedging Counterparty. 
 
Such conflicts may arise due to the following circumstances: 
 
• 
Other transactions entered into by the Issuer 
 
The Issuer operates on the domestic and international securities, FX, credit derivatives and commodity 
markets on a daily basis. It may therefore enter into transactions directly or indirectly related to the Se-
curities for its own account or for the account of clients. Moreover, the Issuer may also enter into trans-
actions relating to the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components. These 
may have an adverse effect on the performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more 
Basket Components. Therefore, they can also have an adverse effect on the value and/or trading of the 
Securities. In this context, the Issuer may pursue commercial interests that conflict with those of the 
Securityholders.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
The value of the Securities may also be impaired by the termination of some or all of these transactions. 
 
The Issuer can buy and sell Securities for its own account or for the account of third parties. It can also 
issue further Securities. Such transactions in the Securities may reduce the value of the Securities. Fur-
ther, the launch of other rival products by the Issuer can impair the value of the Securities. 
 
• 
The Issuer's business relationships 
 
The Issuer and its affiliates may have business relationships with the issuers of the Underlying or, as the 
case may be, any one or more Basket Components. Such business relationships can involve advisory or 
trading activities. In this context, the Issuer may take steps that it considers necessary to safeguard its 
interests in respect of these business relationships. In doing so, the Issuer is not obliged to consider the 
impact of such steps on the Securities and on Securityholders. 
 
The Issuer may perform, enter into and participate in transactions influencing the value of the Underlying 
or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components. Such business relationships to issuers of 
the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components may have an adverse effect 
on the value of the Securities. This may lead to a conflict of interests for the Issuer. 
 
• 
The receipt of information relating to the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket 
Components 
 
Information regarding the Underlying or the Basket Components, as the case may be, may not be publicly 
available for Securityholders or only available to a certain extent. The relevant Underlying or, as the case 
may be, the Basket Components will not be held by the Issuer for the benefit of the Securityholders, and 
Securityholders will not obtain any ownership or direct information rights with respect to any Underlying 
or, as the case may be, Basket Component to which the Securities are related. Therefore, investors may 
have no or only limited access to detailed information regarding the relevant Underlying or the Basket 
Components, as the case may be, in particular on its current price or value, on its past and future perfor-
mance and on its volatility. 
 
In contrast, the Issuer and its affiliates may have access to information which is not publicly available 
and may thereby generate an information advantage. Neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates undertakes 
to make this information available to Securityholders. In addition, any publicly available information 
may be published with delay and may not have been published or published in full at the time the inves-
tors seek the information or at the time the amounts payable or the Underlying to be delivered on exercise, 
redemption or periodically under the Securities will be determined by reference to the price or value of 
the Underlying or the Basket Components, as the case may be. 
 
Securityholders may therefore make incorrect decisions relating to the Securities as a result of missing, 
incomplete or incorrect information with respect to the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or 
more Basket Components. In the worst case scenario, this can lead to the loss of the Securityholders' 
entire investment in the Securities. 
 
• 
The acquisition, holding or sale of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Com-
ponents by the Issuer 
 
It is possible that the Issuer or any of its affiliates hold shares comprising the Underlying or, as the case 
may be, any one or more Basket Components from time to time which may result in conflicts of interest. 
The Issuer and any of its affiliates may also decide not to hold any shares comprising the Underlying or, 
as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components, or not to conclude any derivative contracts 
linked to such shares. Neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates are limited in selling, pledging or other-
wise assigning rights, claims and holdings regarding any shares comprising the Underlying or, as the

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
case may be, any one or more Basket Components from time to time or any derivative contracts relating 
to such shares. This could lead to a worse performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one 
or more Basket Components overall and, therefore, to lower returns realised by Securityholders. 
 
• 
Pricing of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components 
 
The Issuer and its affiliates can also act as market maker in respect of the Underlying or, as the case may 
be, any one or more Basket Components. Such market making may have a decisive impact on the price 
of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components and, therefore, to lower 
returns realised by Securityholders. 
Hedging transactions undertaken by the Issuer could negatively impact any Redemption Amount, Termina-
tion Amount or Securities Redemption Amount and Securityholders could suffer a partial loss of the in-
vested capital  
In connection with the issuance of the Securities, the Issuer has entered into an arrangement with UBS 
AG, pursuant to which UBS AG, amongst others, acts as Hedging Counterparty to the Issuer in respect of 
the economic risk of the Securities. If such hedging transactions are unwound, this could have an impact 
on the price of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components and, therefore, 
on any Redemption Amount, Termination Amount or, as the case may be, Securityholder Termination 
Amount in respect of the Securities. In such cases, Securityholders could even suffer a partial loss of the 
invested capital. 
 
The Issuer may use all or some of the proceeds received from the sale of the Securities to enter into hedging 
transactions relating to the risks incurred in issuing the Securities. If the Securities are terminated and redeemed 
early, such hedging transactions would be generally closed out or terminated. The number of hedging transactions 
to be closed out or terminated depends on the number of Securities to be redeemed. If a large number of hedging 
transactions are closed out or terminated, this could have an impact on the price of the Underlying or, as the case 
may be, any one or more Basket Components and, therefore, on any Redemption Amount, Termination Amount 
or, as the case may be, Securityholder Termination Amount in respect of the Securities. In such cases, Securi-
tyholders could even suffer a partial loss of the invested capital. 
 
For example, the Underlying in respect of the Securities may comprise a certain share. The Issuer may hedge its 
future payment obligations in respect of the Securities by purchasing such share (i.e., a hedging transaction). 
Prior to the Redemption Date in respect of the Securities, the Issuer may sell such share on the Relevant Exchange 
(i.e., a termination of the hedging transaction). This sale would take place on the relevant Valuation Date or any 
other pre-defined date specified for these purposes in the relevant Final Terms. If a large number of shares are 
sold, because a large number of Securities are due to be terminated and redeemed on the relevant Valuation Date 
or any other pre-defined date specified for these purposes in the relevant Final Terms, such sale could put down-
ward pressure on the price of the relevant share on the Relevant Exchange. However, since the Redemption 
Amount, Termination Amount or, as the case may be, Securityholder Termination Amount in respect of the 
Securities depends on the price of such share on the relevant Valuation Date or any other pre-defined date spec-
ified for these purposes in the relevant Final Terms, the termination of the hedging transaction may have an 
adverse effect on the Redemption Amount, Termination Amount or, as the case may be, Securityholder Termi-
nation Amount in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
RISKS RELATED TO THE UNDERLYING OF THE SECURITIES  
The Securities issued under this Base Prospectus may be linked to a share, a non-equity security, a precious 
metal, a commodity, an index, a fund unit, a futures contract, a currency exchange rate, an interest rate 
or a reference rate. The Securities may relate to one or more of these Underlyings or a combination of 
them. 
 
Some or all of the amounts payable on exercise, redemption or periodically under the Securities will be 
determined by reference to the price or value of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in 
the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, of the Basket Components. Accord-
ingly, investing in the Securities also involves certain specific material risks that are related to the Under-
lying and investors should review carefully the entire Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms in 
order to understand the effect on the Securities of such linkage to the Underlying. 
RISKS RELATED TO ALL UNDERLYINGS 
The value of the Underlying or the Basket Components may fluctuate and consequently, the value of the 
Securities may fluctuate and be difficult predict 
By investing in Securities linked to an Underlying, Securityholders are subject to the risks related to such Under-
lying. The performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component is subject to fluctuations, 
and consequently the value of the Securities are subject to fluctuations. The Securityholders therefore cannot 
foresee what consideration they can expect to receive for the Securities on a certain day in the future. When the 
Securities are redeemed, exercised or otherwise disposed of on a certain day, substantial losses in value might 
occur in comparison to a disposal at a later or earlier point in time and in comparison to the purchase price of the 
Securities (including the transaction costs) which Securityholders initially invest in the Securities. The more vol-
atile the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components are, the less predictable the amount to be 
received by the Securityholders following redemption or disposal of Securities would be. In case of an unfavour-
able development of the price of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components, the amount 
received by the Securityholders in connection with such disposal may be very low or even be equal to zero.  
The future performance of the Underlying is uncertain and the amount received by the Securityholders upon 
disposal of the Securities may be very low or even equal to zero  
The value of the Underlying or, as the case may be, any one or more Basket Components and, therefore, of the 
value of the Securities during the term of the Securities may vary over time and may increase or decrease by 
reference to a variety of factors, e.g. corporate actions, macro-economic factors and speculation. An investment 
in Securities linked to an Underlying may be subject to similar risks as a direct investment in the Underlying or, 
as the case may be, the Basket Components. 
 
It is not possible to reliably predict the future performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket 
Components. Likewise, the historical data of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Components does 
not allow for any conclusions to be drawn about the future performance of the Underlying or, as the case may be, 
the Basket Components and the Securities. The Underlying or Basket Components may have only a short oper-
ating history or may have been in existence only for a short period of time and may deliver results over the longer 
term that may be lower than originally expected. 
 
For instance, the performance of a share (or a certificate representing a share) or non-equity security depends on 
the performance of the company issuing the share or non-equity security, which may be subject to factors like 
financial prospects, market position, risk and liquidity situation, dividend or distribution policy, corporate actions 
and development in the capital markets.  
 
Commodities (e.g. oil, gas, wheat, corn) and precious metals (e.g. gold, silver) are traded mainly on specialised 
exchanges or directly among market participants (over the counter), and an investment in commodities and pre-
cious metals is therefore associated with a greater risk than investments in e.g. bonds, currencies or stocks as 
prices in this asset category are subject to greater fluctuations (volatility) as trading in commodities and precious

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
metals serves speculative reasons, driven by e.g. factors such as supply and demand, speculations in the financial 
markets, production bottlenecks, delivery difficulties, few market participants, production in emerging markets 
(political disturbances, economic crises), political risks (war, terrorist actions), unfavourable weather conditions, 
and natural disasters.  
 
The value of an index will be calculated on the basis of the value of its components, which is subject to fluctua-
tions, and therefore, the historic performance of the index does not constitute a guarantee of its future perfor-
mance, and additionally, an index might not be available during the full term of the Securities, might be ex-
changed or continued to be calculated by the Issuer itself.  
 
Interest rates and reference rates are determined by offer and demand on the international money and capital 
markets, which in turn are influenced by economic factors, speculation and interventions by central banks (e.g. 
the European Central Bank's increase of the ECB rate in 2022 and 2023) and governments as well as other polit-
ical factors, and the interest rate level on the money and capital markets is therefore often highly volatile.  
The Underlying is subject to currency risks, which may reduce the value of the Securities 
The assets or investments reflected in an Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Component may be traded or 
calculated in a currency other than the Underlying itself. This is the case in particular with cross-border indices 
and funds where the fund units are used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Component. Accord-
ingly, index components may be listed in a different currency and therefore be exposed to different currency 
influences (this applies particularly for country or sector related indices). Also, it is possible that index compo-
nents are converted first from one currency to the currency which is relevant for the calculation of the index only 
to then have to be converted again in order to calculate or specify an amount payable under the Securities. In such 
cases, Securityholders bear several currency risks, which may not be clearly recognisable for Securityholders. 
 
There may be certain correlation risks in case of the investments of the non-exchange traded fund or ETF whose 
fund units are used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, being denominated in different 
currencies, or in case of the investments and the relevant fund units being denominated in a currency other than 
the currency in which the net asset value of the fund is calculated, depending on the degree of dependency be-
tween the relevant foreign currency and the currency in which the net asset value is calculated. Hedging transac-
tions, if any, of the fund or ETF may not exclude these risks. Furthermore, ETF-Benchmark (as defined below) 
may not be denominated in the fund's base currency, and if this is the case, any conversion of the ETF-Benchmark 
into the ETF currency for e.g. determining fees and costs, may have a negative impact on the value of the fund 
units in the ETF and consequently the Securities. 
 
A company whose shares are used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component might also have 
a significant portion of its assets denominated in currencies other than the currency in which the share value is 
calculated. Further, in case of investments of the company, the shares of which are used as the Underlying or, as 
the case may be, Basket Component, being denominated in currencies other than the currency in which the share 
value is calculated, certain additional correlation risks may apply. These correlation risks depend on the degree 
of dependency of currency fluctuations of the relevant foreign currency to the currency in which the share value 
is calculated. Hedging transactions, if any, of the company may not exclude these risks. 
 
For the purpose of determining the price of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component (e.g. 
the relevant share value), the currency of the relevant assets is converted into the currency of the Underlying or, 
as the case may be, the Basket Component. This is usually done on the basis of a currency exchange rate. Currency 
exchange rates are at times subject to considerable fluctuations and can change significantly over time. Conse-
quently, the price of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component may rise or fall even if the 
value of the relevant assets contained in the Underlying remains stable. 
 
Any unfavourable developments in the value of the currency in which the assets or investments reflected in an 
Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Component are traded or calculated against the currency of the Under-
lying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component may reduce the value of the Securities and may even result

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
in partial loss of invested capital even in case of a favourable performance of the Underlying or, as the case may 
be, the Basket Component. 
The Underlyings are subject to risks associated with the regulation and reform of benchmarks, including 
discontinuation of benchmarks 
Indices, reference rates, interests rates used as Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component generally 
constitute benchmarks, and as such may be subject to supervisory law regulations and reform proposals; the same 
applies to certain other Underlyings or, as the case may be, Basket Components used for the purposes of the 
Securities, e.g. currency exchange rates or certain baskets (such Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Com-
ponent is also referred to as "Benchmark").  
 
Innovations such as the ones introduced by IOSCO's Principles for Financial Benchmarks and the Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in certain financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") may result in the different 
performance of the relevant Benchmarks. It may exclude Benchmarks from being used as Underlying or, as the 
case may be, Basket Component for example, because the indices may incur higher costs if regulatory require-
ments for the administrator are tightened or because certain uses by EU supervised entities of Benchmarks pro-
vided by administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if located outside the EU, deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed) is prohibited by the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Benchmarks may also be affected by 
regulatory guidance and reform or changes in policy at national, as well as at international level.  
 
To avoid the problems associated with the potential manipulation and financial stability risks of interbank offered 
rates ("IBORs"), regulatory authorities in a number of key jurisdictions have required or are requiring financial 
markets to transition away from IBORs to alternative risk free rates ("RFRs") which exclude the element of 
interbank lending. RFRs may differ from IBORs in a number of material respects. In particular, in the majority 
of relevant jurisdictions, the chosen RFR is an over-night rate (for example, the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
in respect of GBP, the Secured Over-night Financing Rate ("SOFR") in respect of USD and the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight in respect of CHF), with the interest rate for floating rate securities for a relevant period generally 
calculated on a backward looking (compounded or simple weighted average) basis, rather than on the basis of a 
forward looking term. As such, investors should be aware that RFRs may behave materially differently from 
LIBOR, EURIBOR and other IBORs as interest reference rates for the Securities. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured 
rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an 
unsecured rate. 
 
The disappearance of a Benchmark or changes in the manner of administration of a Benchmark could result in 
adjustments to the Conditions of the Securities, early redemption or termination, subject to discretionary valua-
tion by the Calculation Agent, delisting or other consequences in relation to Securities linked to such Benchmark. 
In addition, fallback provisions specified in the Conditions of the Securities may apply or the Issuer may adjust 
the Conditions of the Securities in the event a Benchmark materially changes or ceases to be provided in order to 
comply with the provisions of the Benchmark Regulation. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on the value, volatility of and return on any Securities based on or linked to a Benchmark.  
Indexes or ETFs as Underlyings may be concentrated to certain countries, regions and industry sections and 
an adverse development in the Underlying may affect the value of the Securities  
It is possible that the index used as Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, only reflects the 
performance of assets in certain countries or certain industry sectors. In that case, the Securityholders are facing 
concentration risks. In case of unfavourable economic developments in a country or with regard to one industry 
sector such development may have negative impacts for the Securityholder. If several countries or sectors are 
represented in one index, it is possible that these are weighted in an uneven manner. This means that an unfa-
vourable development in a country or one industry sector with high weighting in the index will affect the value 
of the index in a disproportionately negative manner. Such negative development could lead to a partial or total 
loss of the invested capital.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Similarly, the non-exchange traded fund or exchange traded fund ("ETF") whose fund units are used as the Un-
derlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, may in accordance with its fund rules concentrate its assets 
with a focus on certain countries, regions or industry sectors. This can result in the fund or ETF being subject to 
a higher volatility compared to funds with a broader diversification as regards countries, regions or industry 
sectors. The value of investments in certain sectors, countries or regions may be subject to strong volatility within 
short periods of time. This also applies to funds or ETFs focusing their investments on certain asset classes such 
as commodities. Funds or ETFs investing their assets in less regulated and small markets, are subject to certain 
further risks. Such risks may include the risk of government interventions resulting in a total or partial loss of (i) 
assets or (ii) the ability to acquire or sell them at the fund's discretion. Such markets may not be regulated in a 
manner typically expected from more developed markets. If a fund or ETF concentrates its assets in emerging 
markets, this may involve a higher degree of risk as exchanges and markets in these emerging markets or certain 
Asian countries such as Indonesia may be subject to stronger volatility than exchanges and markets in more 
developed countries. Political changes, foreign currency exchange restrictions, FX controls, taxes, restrictions on 
foreign investments and repatriation of invested capital can have a negative impact on the investment result and 
therefore the value of the fund units used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component. 
Developments and conditions in emerging markets, which Underlyings are subject to, may have a material 
adverse effect on the Underlyings and accordingly the Securities  
An Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component may be subject to the jurisdiction of an emerging 
market. Examples of emerging markets are countries in South America, China and India Investing in Securities 
with such an Underlying or, as the case may be, Basket Component involves additional legal, political (e.g. rapid 
political upheavals) or economical (e.g. economic crises) risks. 
 
Countries that fall into this category are usually considered to be "emerging" because of their developments and 
reforms and their economy being in the process of changing from those of a moderately developed country to an 
industrial country. In emerging markets, expropriation, taxation equivalent to confiscation, political or social 
instability or diplomatic incidents may have a negative impact on an investment in the Securities. The amount of 
publicly available information with respect to the Underlying or any components thereof may be less than that 
normally made available to Securityholders. Transparency requirements, accounting, auditing and financial re-
porting standards as well as regulatory standards are in many ways less stringent than standards in industrial 
countries. 
 
Although they generally record rising volumes, some emerging financial markets have much lower trading vol-
umes than developed markets and the securities of many companies are less liquid and their prices are subject to 
stronger fluctuations than those of similar companies in developed markets. Currencies of an emerging market 
jurisdiction may also be more volatile. 
The linkage to a basket as the Underlying implies certain risks such as increase in the value of one Basket 
Component being offset by the decrease in another Basket Component  
In case of a Basket used as the Underlying, the level of the Redemption Amount depends on the performance of 
the Basket comprising the Basket Components as a whole instead of the performance of a single Underlying. 
The risks described below are particular to the use of a basket as the Underlying and do not apply where the 
Underling is not a basket but a single asset. A particular asset may be used as a single Underlying or as a Basket 
Component but these risks are only relevant if this particular asset is used as a Basket Component. 
 
Fluctuations in the value of one Basket Component may be offset or intensified by fluctuations in the value of 
other Basket Components comprised in the Basket. Even in the case of a positive performance of one or more 
Basket Components comprised in the Basket, the performance of the Basket as a whole may be negative if the 
performance of the other Basket Components is negative to a greater extent. There can be a significant adverse 
effect on the calculation or specification of the redemption amount if the performance of one or more Basket 
Components comprised in the Basket on which the calculation or specification of the redemption amount is based, 
has deteriorated significantly.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
Furthermore, also the degree of the Basket Components' dependency from each other, so-called correlation, is of 
importance when calculating the level of the Redemption Amount. If all of the Basket Components derive from 
the same economy sector or, as the case may be, the same country, the development of the Basket Components 
therefore depends on the development of a single economy sector or a single country. That implies that in the 
case of an unfavourable development of a single economy sector or a single country, which is represented by the 
Basket comprising the Basket Components, the Basket may be affected over proportionally by this unfavourable 
development. 
 
In the case of an Underlying consisting of different shares (except those of the Issuer or of any of its affiliates), 
indices, currency exchange rates, precious metals, commodities, interest rates, non-equity securities, fund units, 
futures contracts or reference rates (each a "Basket"), the Issuer may have the right, in certain circumstances as 
specified in the Final Terms, to subsequently adjust the Basket (i.e. remove a component of the Basket without 
replacing it or replace the component of the Basket in whole or in part by another basket component and/or if 
necessary by adjusting the weighting of the Basket). The Securityholder may not assume that the composition of 
a Basket will remain constant during the life of the Securities. 
 
Depending on the features of the relevant Securities, there can be a significant adverse effect on the calculation 
or specification of the redemption amount or interest amounts if the performance of one or more Basket Compo-
nents, on which the calculation or specification of the redemption amount or interest amounts is based, has dete-
riorated significantly. 
RISKS RELATED TO A SPECIFIC TYPE OF UNDERLYING: SHARES 
Securityholders do not have shareholder rights and any decisions taken by shareholders where the Under-
lyng is shares may impact the value of the Securities  
The Securities constitute no interest in a share as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, 
including, without limitation, any voting rights or rights to receive dividends, interest or other distributions, as 
applicable, or any other rights with respect to the share. The Issuer and any of its affiliates may choose not to 
hold the shares or any derivatives contracts linked to the shares used as Underlying or, as the case may be, a 
Basket Component, and moreover, neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates is restricted from selling, pledging 
or otherwise conveying all right, title and interest in any shares or any derivatives contracts linked to the shares 
by virtue solely of it having issued the Securities. Consequently, the Securityholders have no control of the value 
of shares used as Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, and such value may change with 
adverse affects on the value of the Securities as a result of shareholder resolutions, such as, but not limited to, 
significant dividend distributions, mergers and other transactions involving the shares or share issuances reducing 
the value of the shares. and the Issuer and its affiliates are not required to or restricted from carrying out transac-
tions in such shares which may impact the value of the shares and thereby the Securities.  
RISKS RELATED TO A SPECIFIC TYPE OF UNDERLYING: PRECIOUS METALS OR COMMODITIES 
Cartels and regulatory changes may impact prices 
A number of companies or countries producing commodities and precious metals have formed organisations or 
cartels to control the offer and thus influence prices. On the other hand, the commodities and precious metals 
trade is subject to regulatory supervision or market rules the application of which may also have negative impacts 
on the pricing of the commodities and precious metals concerned. Any impacts on the pricing of commodities 
and precious metals used as Underlying could have a material adverse effect on the value, volatility of and return 
on any Securities and ultimately could result in a partial or total loss of the investor's invested capital.  
There may be limited liquidity in many commodities and precious metals  
Many commodities and precious metals markets are not particularly liquid, and any such liquidity may change 
over time, both positively and negatively and within a very short period of time. Such markets may therefore not 
be able to react swiftly and in a sufficient manner to changes to the offer or demand side. In case of a low liquidity, 
speculative investments of individual market participants may result in distorted prices, which may have a

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
material adverse effect on the value, volatility of and return on any Securities and ultimately could result in a 
partial or total loss of the investor's invested capital.  
Precious metals are often extracted in emerging markets which are subject to political and economic insta-
bility  
Precious metals are often extracted in emerging markets and acquired by developed markets. The political and 
economic situation of emerging markets, however, is less stable than in the developed markets. They are more 
likely to face risks of political change or cyclical downturns. Political crises may unsettle the confidence of Se-
curityholders which, in turn, may affect the prices of the goods. Acts of war or conflicts may change the offer 
and demand sides of specific precious metals. It is also possible that industrialised nations lay an embargo on the 
import or export of precious metals and services (for example the EU's import bans on processed aluminmum 
producst and other metal goods from Russia or the EU's prohibition to purchase, import, or transfer, directly or 
indirectly, gold, if it originates in Russia) which may directly or indirectly affect the price of a precious metal 
used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component. Any impacts on the pricing of precious 
metals used as Underlying as a result of unstable markets, lack of liquidity, political crises, acts of war and other 
instability could have a material adverse effect on the value, volatility of and return on any Securities and ulti-
mately could result in a partial or total loss of the investor's invested capital. 
RISKS RELATED TO A SPECIFIC TYPE OF UNDERLYING: INDEX 
The exercise of directions by the index sponsor with respect to the index may have negative consequences for 
the Securityholders  
The index composition of the respective index as well as the method of calculating the index is determined by 
the index sponsor alone or in cooperation with other entities. The Issuer has no influence on the composition or 
method of calculating the index. An amendment of the index composition may have an adverse impact on its 
performance. If, after an amendment by the index sponsor, the index is no longer comparable to the original 
index, the Issuer has the right to adjust or terminate the Securities, if so specified in the Final Terms. Such an 
adjustment or termination may lead to total or partial loss of the invested capital. 
 
In accordance with the relevant index rules, the index sponsor may be entitled to make changes to the composition 
or calculation of the index, to permanently discontinue the calculation and publication of the index, which may 
have a negative effect on the performance of the Securities, or to permanently discontinue the calculation and 
publication of the index used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, without issuing a 
successor index. 
 
Furthermore, the Issuer is in case that the calculation and/or publication of any index used as the Underlying or 
as the case may be, a Basket Component is permanently discontinued, pursuant to the Conditions of the Securities, 
entitled to terminate and redeem the Securities in total prior to the scheduled maturity of the Securities. This 
could result in a partial or total loss of the invested capital. 
The basis of calculating the price of the Underlying may change during the term of the Securities and this 
may negatively affect the market value of the Securities 
The basis of calculating the price of the index used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, 
or of the index components may vary during the term of the Securities. Such calculation and composition is 
determined by the index sponsor alone or in cooperation with other entities. Thus, neither the Issuer or the Secu-
rityhplders can control or influence the calulcation or composition which is made in the sole discretion of the 
aforementioned parties. Changes to the prices of the index components, the composition of the index as well as 
other factors which may affect the value of the index components, will also affect the value of the Securities 
which are linked to the relevant index and may thus affect the return on any investment in such Securities and 
may negatively affect the market value of the Securities. 
Delayed updates on index composition may negatively affect calculations of amounts payable under the Se-
cur ties

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Some index sponsors publish the composition of the relevant indices not completely or only after a time lag on a 
website or in other media specified in the Final Terms. In this case the composition shown might not always be 
the current composition of the respective index used for calculating amounts payable under the Securities. The 
delay may be substantial, may under certain circumstances last several months and the calculation of amounts 
payable under the Securities may be negatively affected and the correction may not be made to the amount made 
under the Securities even to the extent the index sponsors make a correction. Thus, Securityholders may receive 
a smaller amount than if the composition of the relevant index were correctly and timely published by the calcu-
lator of the index, regardless that the actual composition and thereby value of the Securities may would have been 
higher as a result thereof.  
RISKS RELATED TO A SPECIFIC TYPE OF UNDERLYING: NON-EXCHANGE TRADED FUND 
The fund may invest in illiquid assets 
The fund whose fund units comprise the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component may invest in 
assets that are illiquid or subject to a minimum holding period. It may therefore be difficult for the fund to sell 
these assets at a reasonable price or at all if it is forced to do so in order to generate liquidity. The fund may suffer 
considerable losses if it needs to sell illiquid assets in order to redeem units and selling the illiquid assets is only 
possible at a very low price. This may negatively affect the value of the fund units used as the Underlying or, as 
the case may be, a Basket Component and thus of the Securities and could even lead to partial or total loss of the 
invested capital. 
 
Investments in illiquid assets may also result in difficulties when calculating the net asset value of the fund and 
thus delay distributions in connection with the Securities. 
Delayed publication of the net asset value may have a disadvantageous effect on the value of the Securities 
It may be possible in certain situations that the publication of the net asset value by a fund whose fund units are 
used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component is delayed. This may result in a delay of the 
redemption of the Securities and have a disadvantageous effect on the value of the Securities, for instance, in 
case of a negative market development, potentially even leading to partial or total loss of the invested capital. 
If non-exchange traded funds become subject to regulations and supervision this may affect the value of the 
Securities  
If unregulated funds become subject to supervision, this may negatively impact the value of any fund units used 
as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component for instance the scope of eligible investments may 
be limited and/or the liquidity of the fund units may decrease which, in each case, may negatively impact the 
value of the Securities. 
Risks related to markets with limited legal certainty 
The fund whose fund units are used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, may invest 
in markets with a low legal certainty and will then be subject to additional risks, such as the risk of unpredictable 
governmental measures, e.g. freezing of assets or authorities may impose restrictions on the fund's investments, 
which may entail a loss in the fund's value. 
The fund may be managed in a way that can have a negative effect on the value of the Underlying and ac-
cordingly the Securities  
There is a risk that the fund manager or the investment advisor of the fund whose fund units are used as the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, will make wrong decisions in connection with invest-
ments by the fund that may have a negative effect on the value of the fund units, including decisions to the 
detriment of the fund, or may make decisions in violation of regulations or agreed investment strategies. In prac-
tice, the fund's performance strongly depends on the expertise of the investment manager responsible for making 
the investment decisions. If such investment manager leaves the fund or is replaced, this may result in losses 
and/or a liquidation of the fund concerned and consequently a lower value of any Securities linked to a fund as 
Underlying. The investment strategy, the investment restrictions and investment objectives of a fund may allow 
for considerable room for an investment manager's discretionary decision when investing the relevant assets and

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
the investment manager's investment decisions may not result in profits or constitute an effective hedging against 
market or other risks. It is therefore possible that, despite funds with a similar investment strategy experiencing 
a positive performance, the performance of the fund underlying the Securities (and thus the Securities) undergo 
a negative development. 
 
There is furthermore the risk that the fund manager or the investment advisor violates the law or agreed invest-
ment strategies. Moreover, the fund manager or the investment advisor can act illegally, for example, by embez-
zling assets of the investment fund or violating provisions on market abuse. This can have a substantial, adverse 
impact on the value of the fund whose fund units are used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket 
Component. In the operation of the fund, certain conflicts of interest may also arise that can have negative impact 
on the fund's performance. For example, persons involved in the fund management or advisory activities in rela-
tion to the fund may also act at the same time for companies, which they recommend for investment by the fund. 
Any of these risks related to the fund management may have a material adverse effect on the value of the fund 
whose fund units are used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component and, consequently, also 
on the value of the Securities. 
Fee charged by the funds may have a negative impact on the value of the funds 
Fees charged by the fund whose fund units are used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Compo-
nent, may have a significant negative impact on the value of such fund units and the net asset value of the fund. 
Fees charged in relation to a fund can be incurred on different levels. Usually, management fees are incurred at 
fund level. In addition, expenses and cost may be incurred when the services of third parties are commissioned 
in connection with the fund administration. With respect to investments made by the fund, such as investments 
in other funds or other collective investment vehicles, further charges might be incurred. This may have a negative 
impact on these investments and, consequently, in the fund's performance. 
 
Performance fees may be agreed upon on the level of the fund. Such fee arrangements can create an inducement 
to invest assets in a more risk oriented or speculative manner than would be the case if no performance fee 
arrangement existed. Performance fees may even be incurred where the overall fund performance is negative. 
Consequently, performance fees can be incurred on the level of the fund even if an investment in the Securities 
results in a loss to the investor. This could exacerbate partial losses of the invested capital and, in extreme cir-
cumstances, even result in total loss of the invested capital. 
RISKS RELATED TO A SPECIFIC TYPE OF UNDERLYING: EXCHANGE TRADED FUND 
ETFs may be delisted during the "life" of the Securities and fund units may be illiquid  
An ETF is a fund whose fund units are listed on a securities exchange. There is the risk that such admission or 
listing will not be maintained during the whole life of the Securities. In addition, a listing does not imply that the 
fund units are liquid at any time and, hence, may be sold via the securities exchange at any time, since trading in 
the securities exchange may be suspended in accordance with the relevant trading rules. If an ETF is delisted or 
fund units become illiquid, this could have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities and could lead to 
partial or total loss of the invested capital. 
Risks related to the pricing of fund units 
The price of any fund units used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, mainly depends 
on the price per unit of the ETF and, consequently, on the aggregate value of assets held by the ETF less any 
liabilities, being the so-called net asset value. Any negative performance or losses of the securities or other in-
vestments made by the ETF for the purposes of replicating the performance of a benchmark (see risk factor 
"Replication of the performance of a benchmark may have a negative impact on the performance of any fund 
units used as the Underlying and accordingly the performance of the Securities" below) will result in a loss of 
the ETF and a decline in the value of the fund units used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket 
Component. Even a broad spread of its investments and a strong diversification of the ETF's investments cannot 
exclude the risk that any negative development on certain markets or exchanges will lead to a decline in the price 
per unit of the ETF.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
As ETFs generally calculate their net asset value on a daily basis only, the price of the ETF as continuously 
published by the securities exchange is usually based on the estimated net asset values. These estimates may 
differ from the final net asset value as subsequently published by the fund. Therefore, the general risk during 
trading hours exists that the performance of the ETF and of its actual net asset value may deviate. 
Replication of the performance of a benchmark and tracking errors may have a negative impact on the per-
formance of any fund units used as the Underlying and accordingly the performance of the Securities 
ETFs are designed to replicate as closely as possible the performance of an index, basket or specific single assets 
(each an "ETF-Benchmark"). However, the ETF conditions can allow an ETF-Benchmark to be substituted. 
Therefore, an ETF might not always replicate the original ETF-Benchmark. 
 
For the purpose of tracking an ETF-Benchmark, ETFs can use full replication and invest directly in all compo-
nents comprised in the ETF-Benchmark, or other tracking techniques such as sampling. The value of the ETFs is 
therefore in particular based on the performance of the holdings used to replicate the ETF-Benchmark. It cannot 
be excluded that the performance of the ETF differs from the performance of the ETF-Benchmark (tracking 
error). 
 
Unlike other collective investment schemes, ETFs are usually not actively managed by the management company 
of the ETF. In fact, investment decisions are determined by the relevant ETF-Benchmark and its components. In 
case that the underlying ETF-Benchmark shows a negative performance, ETFs are subject to an unlimited per-
formance risk in particular when they are using full replication techniques. This can have a negative impact on 
the performance of any Fund Units used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component and, 
therefore the performance of the Securities. 
 
Tracking an ETF-Benchmark typically entails further risks: 
 
• 
An ETF using a full replication technique for tracking the performance of the ETF-Benchmark may not 
be able to acquire all components of that ETF-Benchmark or sell them at reasonable prices. This can 
affect the ETF's ability to replicate the ETF-Benchmark and may have a negative effect on the ETF's 
overall performance. 
 
• 
ETFs replicating the ETF-Benchmark using sampling techniques (i.e. not using full replication and with-
out using swaps) may create portfolios of assets which are not ETF-Benchmark components at all or do 
only comprise some components of the ETF-Benchmark. Therefore, the risk profile of such ETF is not 
necessarily consistent with the risk profile of the ETF-Benchmark. 
 
• 
If ETFs use derivatives to replicate or to hedge its positions, this may result in losses which are signifi-
cantly higher than any losses of the ETF-Benchmark (leverage effect). 
 
Therefore, an ETF constituent may not perfectly track the relevant Benchmark. Accordingly, even if the value of 
the relevant ETF-Benchmark increases, it is possible that the value of the corresponding fund unit used as the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component decreases. This could lead to an overall decrease in the 
value of the Securities and to partial or total loss of the invested capital. 
Conflicts of interest of persons involved in the fund management or advisory activities could have a negative 
effect on the ETF's performance 
In the operation of the ETF certain conflicts of interest may arise that can have negative impact on the ETF's 
performance. For persons involved in the fund management or advisory activities in relation to the ETF, conflicts 
of interest can arise from retrocessions or other inducements. In addition, persons involved in the fund manage-
ment or advisory activities to the ETF or their employees may provide services such as management, trading or 
advisory services for third parties at the same time. Although they will usually aim to distribute the investment 
opportunities equally to their customers, the fund portfolio and portfolios of other customers may differ even if 
their investment objectives are similar. Any of these persons might be induced to allocate assets first to a portfolio

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
involving the highest fees. Persons providing management, trading or advisory services to the ETF may make 
recommendations or enter into transactions which are different to those of the ETF or may even compete with 
the ETF. Such conflict of interest could have a negative impact on the value of the fund units used as the Under-
lying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component as the investment return on the fund units may turn out to be 
lower than expected. This could lead to an overall decrease in the value of the Securities and to partial or total 
loss of the invested capital. 
Fee charged by the ETF may have a negative impact on the value of the fund units and the net asset value of 
the ETF 
Fees charged by the ETF may have a significant negative impact on the value of any fund units used as the 
Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component and the net asset value of the ETF. Fees charged in 
relation to an ETF can be incurred on different levels. Usually fees, e.g. management fees, are incurred at fund 
level. In addition, expenses and cost may be incurred when the services of third parties are commissioned in 
connection with the fund administration. With respect to investments made by the ETF, such as investments in 
other funds or other collective investment vehicles, further charges might be incurred. This may have a negative 
impact on these investments and, consequently, on the value of the corresponding fund units used as the Under-
lying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component. This could lead to an overall decrease in the value of the 
Securities and to partial or total loss of the invested capital. 
 
Performance fees may be agreed upon on the level of the ETF. Such fee arrangements can create an inducement 
to invest assets in a more risk oriented or speculative manner than would be the case if no performance fee 
arrangement existed. Performance fees may even be incurred where the ETF underperforms the Benchmark. Even 
if the ETF outperforms its ETF-Benchmark, performance fees might be triggered even though the overall fund 
performance is negative (for example where the ETF-Benchmark's performance is negative). Consequently, per-
formance fees can be incurred on the level of the ETF even if an investment in the Securities results in a partial 
or total loss of the invested capital. Such fees could therefore increase the loss suffered by an investor in the 
Securities. 
ETFs and fund units may be less liquid  
ETFs and fund units may be less liquid than the individual components of the relevant ETF-Benchmark. Conse-
quently, in case of an early termination of the ETF, any fund units used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, 
a Basket Component at such time may be more difficult to realise than if the Securities were linked directly to 
such individual components. In certain circumstances, it may only be possible to realise such fund units used as 
the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component at a loss. This could lead to an overall decrease in 
the value of the Securities and to partial or total loss of the invested capital. 
RISKS RELATED TO A SPECIFIC TYPE OF UNDERLYING: FUTURES CONTRACT 
Spot price of a futures contract used as Underlying may be wrongly regarded by an investor as indicative of 
the value of the Securities 
Futures contracts used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component are standardised transac-
tions relating to financial instruments (e.g. shares, indices, interest rates, currencies) (so-called financial futures) 
or to commodities and precious metals (e.g. oil, wheat, sugar, gold, silver) (so-called commodities futures). 
 
A futures contract represents a contractual obligation to buy or sell a fixed amount of the underlying commodities, 
precious metals or financial instruments on a fixed date at an agreed price. Futures contracts are traded on futures 
exchanges and are standardised with respect to contract amount, type, and quality of the underlying, as well as to 
delivery locations and dates (where applicable). Futures contracts, however, are normally traded at a discount or 
premium to the spot prices of their underlying. 
 
Futures prices can differ substantially from the spot price of the underlying financial instrument (e.g. shares, 
indices, interest rates, currencies) or underlying commodity and precious metal (e.g. oil, wheat, sugar, gold, sil-
ver). Moreover, futures price of a certain underlying (e.g. financial instrument, commodity or precious metal) 
and, accordingly, the value of the Securities does not always move in the same direction or at the same rate as

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
the spot price of such underlying. Therefore, the value of the Securities can fall substantially even if the spot price 
of the relevant underlying of the futures contract remains stable or rises. In such case, investors could suffer 
partial or total loss of the invested capital. 
A Rollover may lead to a worsening in the performance of the Securities and, consequently, lower returns 
realised by the Securityholders   
For the purpose of trading on an exchange, futures contracts are standardised with respect to their term (e.g. 3, 6, 
9 months). Futures contracts used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component may have an 
expiration date different from the term of the Securities. In such a case, the Issuer will replace any expired futures 
contracts used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component by futures contracts which - except 
for their expiration date, which will occur on a later date - has the same contract specifications as the initial 
futures contracts used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component (the Rollover). Please refer 
to section 5.3 "General Conditions - § 6 (j) Adjustments in connection with a Futures contract". Such a Rollover 
can be repeated several times. 
 
The prices of the longer-term and the shorter-term futures contracts used as the Underlying or, as the case may 
be, a Basket Component can differ even if all other contract specifications are the same. If the prices of longer-
term futures contracts are higher than the price of the shorter-term futures contracts to be exchanged in a Roll 
over (so-called contango), the number of futures contracts held is reduced with such Rollover. Conversely, if the 
prices of short-term futures contracts are higher (so-called backwardation), the number of futures contracts held 
is increased with such Rollover (without taking into account roll-over expenses). In addition, expenses for the 
Rollover itself are incurred. This could result in a worsening of the performance of the Securities overall and, 
therefore, in lower returns realised by Securityholders. 
Future contracts may be replaced or terminated  
It is inherent in the construction of future contracts, unlike other Underlyings, that they have an expiry date. If it 
is impossible to replace an expiring futures contract used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket 
Component with a futures contract with identical features (except for the term to maturity), the Final Terms may 
provide for replacement with another, potentially less advantageous, futures contract used as the Underlying or, 
as the case may be, a Basket Component or termination of the Securities by the Issuer. Therefore, the Securi-
tyholder cannot rely on participating in the performance of the original futures contract used as the Underlying 
or, as the case may be, a Basket Component throughout the entire term of the Securities. Moreover, any replace-
ment or termination of the original futures contracts used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket 
Component may reduce the value of the Securities and of any amounts payable under the Securities to the Secu-
rityholders.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
3. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer's responsibility  
The Issuer is responsible for this Base Prospectus in accordance with Danish law. 
Persons responsible 
Board of Directors 
 
Kari Stadigh 
Chairman 
 
 
Henrik Normann 
Vice Chairman 
Daniel Donghui Li 
Board member 
 
Henrik Andersen 
Board member 
John Zhang 
Board member 
Patrick Lapveteläinen 
Board member 
 
who have authorised the members of the Issuer's board of management (the "Board of Management") to 
jointly sign the Base Prospectus.  
Management Board  
 
Kim Fournais 
Founder and CEO 
 
 
Søren Kyhl 
Deputy CEO and 
Group Chief Operat-
ing Officer 
Mads Dorf Petersen 
Group Chief Financial 
Officer   
John Carmichael 
Chief Risk and Com-
pliance Officer 
 
The Issuer's statement 
We, as the persons responsible for this Base Prospectus on behalf of the Issuer, hereby declare that to the best 
of our knowledge the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this 
Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect their import.  
Hellerup, 11 March 2025.  
According to the authorisation granted by the Board of Directors. 
 
Kim Fournais 
Founder and CEO 
 
 
Søren Kyhl 
Deputy CEO and 
Group Chief Operat-
ing Officer 
Mads Dorf Petersen 
Group Chief Financial 
Officer   
John Carmichael 
Chief Risk and Com-
pliance Officer

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
4. 
FINANCIAL AND OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION  
Documents incorporated by reference 
 
The:  
 
(i) consolidated annual financial statements of the Group set out in the Annual Reports of the Group for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023 prepared in accordance with Interna-
tional Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the EU and additional Danish disclosure 
requirements for financial companies (respectively, the "Annual Report 2024" and the "Annual Report 
2023", and together, the "Annual Reports") excluding the following sections: 
 
(a) 
in respect of the Annual Report 2024: 
(i) 
 "Letter from CEO" on pages 4, "Outlook" on page 12, the "Sustainability State-
ment" on pages 34 -95 and the "Appendix: Management review (continued) Sus-
tainability – EU Taxonomy disclosure" on pages 185-211.  
(b) 
in respect of the Annual Report 2023: 
(i) 
"Letter from the CEO" on pages 3, "Outlook" on page 18; "EU Taxnomy report-
ing" on page 30 and "Appendix - Management review (continued)" on pages 
121 - 136. 
 
(ii) annual parent financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2024 and 31 
December 2023 set out in the Annual Reports prepared in accordance with the Danish Financial Business 
Act, 
 
shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained 
in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as 
so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. In relation to each of the documents, the 
non-incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
 
The financial statements in the Annual Reports have been audited by the Issuer's independent auditor. See section 
12 "General Information" for details about the Issuer's independent auditors. 
 
The Annual Report 2024 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at: https://www.home.saxo/-
/media/documents/annual-reports/saxo-bank-annual-report-2024.pdf?revision=0dd24750-0327-4253-a3b4-
959244deed18. 
 
The Annual Report 2023 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at https://www.home.saxo/-
/media/documents/annual-reports/saxo-bank-annual-report-2023.pdf?revision=81ba610f-9fdb-49f3-bd80-
9ab3227cbc43 
 
The sections “Conditions of the Securities” from the (i) Base Prospectus dated 7 March 2024 (pages 58-186), 
(ii) the Base Prospectus dated 25 November 2022 (pages 62-190) and (iii) the Base Prospectus dated 22 No-
vember 2021 (pages 58-184) relating to Programme shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, 
this Base Prospectus. The Conditions of the Securities incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online 
at: https://en-dk.structured-products.saxo/legal_documents.   
 
The information on the Issuer's website, or any other website, has not been scrutinised or approved by the DFSA 
and does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is explicitly incorporated by reference 
into the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Forward-looking statements 
 
This Base Prospectus includes "forward-looking statements" which include all statements other than statements 
of historical facts. This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking statements, see section 2 "Risk Factors" and 
section 9 "Description of the Group", which are based on the Issuer's beliefs and projections and on information 
currently available to the Issuer. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of forward-look-
ing terminology such as "targets", "believes", "expects", "aims", "intends", "will", "may", "anticipates", "would", 
"could", "should", "estimates", "plans", "assumes" or similar expressions or the negative thereof. 
 
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors 
beyond the Issuer's control that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Issuer to be 
materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-
looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer's 
present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will operate in the future. These 
forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained 
herein to reflect any change in the Issuer's' expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions 
or circumstances on which any such statements are based, except to the extent required by applicable law. 
 
Market information  
 
Unless otherwise indicated in this Base Prospectus, any references to, or statements regarding, the Group's com-
petitive position and any other information related to the markets in which the Group operates have been based 
on the Issuer's own assessment and knowledge of the market, regions and countries in which it operates.  
 
Role of UBS AG and UBS Switzerland AG 
 
In connection with the issuance of the Securities, the Issuer has entered into an arrangement with UBS AG, 
pursuant to which UBS AG acting through its London branch acts as Calculation Agent, Market Maker and 
Hedging Counterparty to the Issuer in respect of the economic risk of the Securities, and may provide certain 
other services to the Issuer.  
 
Furthermore, UBS Switzerland AG acts as Paying Agent, Settlement Bank and Safekeeping Bank. The address 
of UBS Switzerland AG is Bahnhofstrasse 45, 8001 Zurich, Switzerland. 
 
As Market Maker, UBS AG intends, under normal market conditions, to provide bid and offer prices for the 
Securities on a regular basis on behalf of the Issuer. Although the Market Maker will provide such bid and offer 
prices for the Securities on behalf of the Issuer, such prices will be determined by the Market Maker in its sole 
discretion, independent from the Issuer.  
 
Notwithstanding the contractual arrangements between the Issuer and UBS AG, the Securities are obligations of 
the Issuer only and are not in any way guaranteed or insured by UBS AG or any of its affiliates and holders of 
the Securities will have no rights or recourse against UBS or any of its affiliates. In the event that UBS defaults 
under or terminates the hedge agreement with respect to the Securities, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) elect 
to call the Securities.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
5. 
CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
The following is the text of the Conditions of the Securities which, as completed and/or amended and/or replaced 
by the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on each Security issued under the Programme.  
5.1 
STRUCTURE AND LANGUAGE OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURI-
TIES  
Securities will be issued (i) on the General Conditions of the Securities as set out under "General Conditions" 
in this Base Prospectus, and (ii) as completed by the Security specific Product Terms for the relevant series of 
Securities as set out under "Product Terms" in this Base Prospectus. 
 
The Product Terms shall in the relevant Final Terms complete and put in concrete terms the General Conditions 
of the Securities for the purposes of the relevant Securities. 
 
The Issuer undertakes and commits to comply with Book VI of the Belgian Code of Economic Law in respect of 
the Securities issued under the Base Prospectus which are advertised, offered, sold or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, to any Belgian Consumers ("Belgian Consumer Offered Securities"). For these purposes, a "Belgian 
Consumer" (consument/consommateur) has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de 
droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are 
outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
 
In accordance with Articles VI.82 to VI.84 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, the Issuer may (amongst 
others) not unilaterally modify the characteristics of a product if it concerns an essential feature of the product 
(including a.o. its yield, the underlying value determining yield, whether there is full or partial repayment on 
maturity date, the level of capital protection, the counterparty, and the term of the product), except in the case of 
a force majeure event and where the alteration is not substantial and therefore does not create a significant im-
balance in the rights and obligations of the parties to the detriment of the consumer and without retention of cost 
(cumulative conditions). Specific conditions apply with regard to unilateral early termination.  
 
Certain features of the Securities provided for in the Conditions (including the redemption features and Extraor-
dinary Termination Rights of the Issuer, certain adjustments described § 6 in the General Conditions, any possi-
bility for the Issuer to itself adjust Current Strike, Conversion Ratio or other terms to cover financing costs and/or 
maintain the Leverage Factor Constant, and maturity date adjustments linked to Market Disruption) are only 
possible upon a decision of the Issuer as a consequence of a force majeure event (at market value and with no 
retention of additional costs in case of unilateral early termination, otherwise subject to the conditions set out 
above) or (with respect to provisions concerning unilateral early termination only) in case of an occurrence which 
substantially alters the economics of the contract as initially agreed between the parties which is not attributable 
to the issuer, with compensation and under terms which ensure that no significant imbalance is created in the 
rights and obligations of the parties to the detriment of the consumer (without retention of costs and provided that 
paid costs are refunded pro rata). 
 
Any conditions set forth in the Conditions of a specific security which are not aligned with Articles VI.82 to 
VI.84 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (and guidance in this respect issued by the Belgian Financial Ser-
vices and Markets Authority FSMA) do not apply to Belgian Consumer Offered Securities. The Issuer shall have 
the right, at its full discretion, (i) to issue supplemental documents to the Conditions of Belgian Consumer Offered 
Securities specifying which conditions do not apply to such Belgian Consumer Offered Securities, and/or (ii) 
explicitly disapply certain conditions included in the General Conditions through the Final Terms of Belgian 
Consumer Offered Securities (‘switch-off’), and/or (iii) amend certain conditions included in the General Condi-
tions through the Final Terms of Belgian Consumer Offered Securities to align them with Articles VI.82 to VI.84 
of the Belgian Code of Economic Law. 
 
The Product Terms and the General Conditions together constitute the "Conditions" of the relevant Securities.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
Full information on the Conditions is only available on the basis of the combination of the Final Terms and this 
Base Prospectus. 
 
Below is set forth a summarised contents of the Terms and Conditions: 
 
Product Terms 
Part 1: 
Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities 
Part 2: 
 
§ 1 - 3 
Special Conditions of the Securities 
 
 
General Conditions 
§ 4 
Form of Securities; Title and Transfer; Status 
§ 5 
Settlement 
§ 6 (a) 
- (n) 
Adjustments for Securities on Baskets; adjustments in connection with Shares, certificates rep-
resenting shares, Non-Equity Securities, Commodities, Precious Metals, Indices, exchange 
traded Fund Units, Fund Units, Futures Contracts, Interest Rates, Currency Exchange Rates 
and Reference Rates; Benchmark Adjustments 
§ 7 
Adjustments due to the European Economic and Monetary Union 
§ 8 
Extraordinary Termination Right of the Issuer 
§ 9 
Extraordinary Termination Right of the Securityholders 
§ 10 
Taxes 
§ 11 
Market Disruptions 
§ 12 
Security Agents 
§ 13 
Substitution of the Issuer 
§ 14 
Publications 
§ 15 
Issue of further Securities; Purchase of Securities; Cancellation 
§ 16 
Intentionally left blank 
§ 17 
Governing Law; Jurisdiction 
§ 17 
Corrections; Severability 
§ 18 
Intentionally left blank 
§ 19 
Intentionally left blank 
§ 20 
Intentionally left blank

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
5.2 
PRODUCT TERMS 
 
The following "Product Terms" of the Securities shall, for the relevant Securities, complete and put in concrete 
terms the General Conditions for the purposes of such Securities. A version of these Product Terms as completed 
and with concrete terms for the specific issue will be contained in the applicable Final Terms and must be read 
in conjunction with the General Conditions. 
 
The Product Terms are composed of: 
 
Part 1: Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities; and 
 
Part 2: Special Conditions of the Securities (for the individual types of Securities). 
 
Product Terms and General Conditions together constitute the "Terms and Conditions" of the relevant Securities. 
 
In the event of any inconsistency between these Product Terms and the General Conditions, these Product Terms 
shall prevail for the purposes of the Securities.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
PRODUCT TERMS PART 1: KEY TERMS AND DEFINITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
The Securities use the following definitions and have, subject to an adjustment according to the Terms and Con-
ditions of the Securities, the following key terms, both as described below in alphabetical order. The following 
does not represent a comprehensive description of the Securities, and is subject to and should be read in conjunc-
tion with the Conditions of the Securities. The use of the symbol "*" in the Key Terms and Definitions of the 
Securities indicates that the relevant determination will be made by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as the 
case may be, and will be published without undue delay thereafter in accordance with the applicable legal re-
quirements. 
 
[Additional Termination 
Event: 
Additional Termination Event [, in relation to a currency exchange rate used as [the 
Underlying] [the Basket Component] means any of the following events: 
 
(i) The determination and/or publication of the price of a currency used in relation 
to the currency exchange rate is discontinued permanently, or the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent obtains knowledge about the intention to do so. 
 
(ii) The currency used in connection with the currency exchange rate is, in its func-
tion as legal tender, in the country or jurisdiction, or countries or jurisdictions, 
maintaining the authority, institution or other body which issues such currency, 
replaced by another currency, or merged with another currency to become a 
common currency, or the Issuer or the Calculation Agent obtains knowledge 
about the intention to do so. 
 
(iii) A Relevant Country (aa) imposes any controls or announces its intention to 
impose any controls or (bb) (i) implements or announces its intention to imple-
ment or (ii) changes or announces its intention to change the interpretation or 
administration of any laws or regulations, in each case which the Calculation 
Agent determines is likely to affect the Issuer’s and/or any of its affiliates’ abil-
ity to acquire, hold, transfer or realise the currency used in connection with the 
currency exchange rate or otherwise to effect transactions in relation to such 
currency. 
 
(iv) The occurrence at any time of an event, which the Calculation Agent deter-
mines would have the effect of preventing, restricting or delaying the Issuer 
and/or any of its affiliates from: 
 
(a) converting the currency used in connection with the currency exchange 
rate into the Redemption Currency or into another currency through 
customary legal channels or transferring within or from any Relevant 
Country any of these currencies, due to the imposition by such Rele-
vant Country of any controls restricting or prohibiting such conversion 
or transfer, as the case may be; 
(b) converting the currency used in connection with the currency exchange 
rate into the Redemption Currency or into another currency at a rate at 
least as favourable as the rate for domestic institutions located in any 
Relevant Country; 
(c) delivering the currency used in connection with the currency exchange 
rate from accounts inside any Relevant Country to accounts outside 
such Relevant Country; or 
(d) transferring the currency used in connection with the currency ex-
change rate between accounts inside any Relevant Country or to a party 
that is a non-resident of such Relevant Country.]

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
and [, in relation to a share used as [the Underlying] [the Basket Component] means 
any of the following events: 
 
(i) The Issuer obtains knowledge about the intention to discontinue permanently 
the quotation of the shares of the stock corporation, the share(s) of which is/are 
used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition 
of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Compo-
nent, (the "Company") [in the Relevant Trading System] [or] [on the Relevant 
Exchange] [, as the case may be,] due to a merger or a new company formation, 
due to a transformation of the Company into a legal form without shares, or 
due to any other comparable reason, in particular as a result of a delisting of 
the Company. 
 
(ii) An insolvency proceeding or any other similar proceeding under the jurisdic-
tion applicable to and governing the Company is initiated with respect to the 
assets of the Company. 
 
(iii) Take-over of the shares of the Company, which in the Issuer's opinion, results 
in a significant impact on the liquidity of such shares in the market. 
 
(iv) Offer to the shareholders of the Company pursuant to the law of the jurisdiction 
applicable to and governing the Company to convert existing shares of the 
Company to cash settlement, to Securities other than shares or rights, which 
are not quoted on a stock exchange and/or in a trading system.] 
 
[and] [, in relation to a certificate representing shares used as [the Underlying] [the 
Basket Component] means any of the following events: 
 
(i) [The Issuer obtains knowledge about the intention of the company which has 
issued the shares to distribute a dividend where the ex dividend day of  distri-
bution falls within the terms of the Securities.] 
 
(ii) The Issuer obtains knowledge about the intention to discontinue permanently 
the quotation of the certificate representing shares on the Relevant Exchange. 
 
(iii) An insolvency proceeding or any other similar proceeding under the jurisdic-
tion applicable to and governing the company, which has issued the Underlying 
Shares is initiated with respect to the assets of such company.] 
 
[Furthermore, the Issuer also expressly reserves the right to early terminate at any 
the Securities in which investors do not or no longer have any outstanding hold-
ings.] 
 
["Adjustment Date" 
The Adjustment Date means [●]. [If this day is not [an Exchange Business Day] 
[[an Underlying] [a Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●], the immediately 
succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calcula-
tion Date] is the relevant Adjustment Date.]] 
 
["Adjustment Time" 
The Adjustment Time means [●] [hrs. local time [Copenhagen, Denmark] [●]] 
 
["American Depositary 
Receipt" 
American Depositary Receipt means a negotiable instrument issued by a United 
States commercial bank acting as a depositary pursuant to a Depositary Agreement 
unless such Depositary Agreement has not been entered into, that represents a

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
specified number of Underlying Shares issued by an entity organised outside the 
United States held in a safekeeping account with the depositary’s custodian.] 
 
["Banking Day" 
The Banking Day means [each day on which the banks in [Copenhagen, Denmark 
[and Zurich, Switzerland] [[●]] are open for business[, the Trans-European Auto-
mated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer System ("TARGET2") is open] 
and the Settlement Bank settles securities dealings.] 
 
["Basket Component": 
The Basket Component(i=1) equals [, subject to a Rollover in accordance with § 6 
(j) of the Conditions of the Securities,] [Description of [the share or of the Ameri-
can Depositary Receipt or the Global Depositary Receipt on the share or the De-
positary Receipt] [the Index] [the currency exchange rate] [the precious metal] [the 
commodity] [the interest rate] [the non-equity security] [the fund unit] [the futures 
contract (if applicable, including determination of the Relevant Expiration 
Months)] [the reference rate]: [●]] [in the case of an Index as the Basket Component 
insert, if appropriate, the following text: (the "Index(i=1"), [as maintained, calculated 
and published by [●] (the "Index Sponsor(i=1")] [as maintained by [●] (the "Index 
Sponsor(i=1)") and calculated and published by [●] (the "Index Calculator(i=1")]] [in 
the case of a fund unit as the Basket Component insert, if appropriate, the following 
text: (the "Fund Unit(i=1") in the [•] (the "Fund(i=1)")] [in the case of a certificate 
representing shares as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the following text: 
[(also "ADR(i=1")] [(also "GDR(i=1")] (In such context, the Share(i=1) underlying [the 
ADR(i=1)] [the GDR(i=1)] is also referred to as the "Underlying Share(i=1"]; and the 
Basket Component(i=n) equals [, subject to a RolloOver in accordance with § 6 (j) 
of the Conditions of the Securities,] [Description of [the share or of the American 
Depositary Receipt or the Global Depositary Receipt on the share] [the Index] [the 
currency exchange rate] [the precious metal] [the commodity] [the interest rate] 
[the non-equity security] [the fund unit] [the futures contract (if applicable, includ-
ing determination of the Relevant Expiration Months)] [the reference rate]: [●]] [in 
the case of an Index as the Basket Component insert, if appropriate, the following 
text: (the "Index(i=n"), [as maintained, calculated and published by [●]  (the "Index 
Sponsor(i=n")] [as maintained by [●] (the "Index Sponsor(i=n") and calculated and 
published by [●] (the "Index Calculator(i=n) ")]] [in the case of a fund unit as the 
Basket Component insert, if appropriate, the following text: (the "Fund Unit(i=n") 
in the [●]  (the "Fund(i=n")] [in the case of a certificate representing shares as the 
Underlying insert, if appropriate, the following text: [(also "ADR(i=n")] [also 
"GDR(i=n)")] (In such context, the Share(i=n) underlying [the ADR(i=n)] [the GDR(i=n)] 
is also referred to as the "Underlying Share(i=n" and the Underlying Share(i=n) to-
gether with [the ADR(i=n)] [the GDR(i=n)] as the "Share(i=n"))]. 
[The Basket Components are [expressed in] [converted into] [related to] [the Un-
derlying Currency] [●]].] 
[In this context, the individual underlying values or components of a Basket Com-
ponent are referred to as a "Component" or, as the case may be, the "Components".] 
The term "Basket Component" [or "Index"[, "Index Calculator"] and "Index Spon-
sor", as the case may be, ] [or "Fund Unit" and "Fund", as the case may be] [●] 
shall also refer to all Basket Components(i=1) to (i=n) [and to all Indices(i=1) to (i=n)[, 
all Index Calculators(i=1) to (i=n)] and all Index Sponsors(i=1) to (i=n), as the case may 
be] [and to all Fund Units(i=1) to (i=n) and all Funds(i=1) to (i=n), as the case may be] 
[●]] 
[In this context, [[each] [the] Index Sponsor has control over the provision of the 
Index (administrator) within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as bench-
marks in certain financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
performance of investment funds, as amended (the "Benchmark Regulation")] 
[●].]] 
 
["Business Day" 
The Business Day means [●] [each day on which the banks in [Copenhagen, Den-
mark,] [and Zurich, Switzerland] [[●]] are open for business.] ] 
 
["Calculation Agent" 
The Calculation Agent means [UBS AG, Bahnhofstrasse 45, 8001 Zurich, Switzer-
land, and Aeschenvorstadt 1, 4051 Basel, Switzerland], acting through its [London 
Brnach, 5 Broadgate, London ECM2Qs, United Kingdom]. 
The Calculation Agent is the party providing calculations in connection with the 
Securities, e.g. Settlement Amount and Redemption Amount. 
 
["Currency of the Knock 
Out Barrier" 
 
The Currency of the Knock Out Barrier means [●].] 
["Depositary Agree-
ment" 
Depositary Agreement means the agreement(s) or other instrument(s) constituting 
[the American Depositary Receipts] [or, as the case may be,][the Global Depositary 
Receipts][Depositary Receipts], as from time to time amended in accordance with 
its/their terms.] 
 
["DivFactor" 
DivFactor (if applicable) means a dividend factor, which reflects any taxation ap-
plied on dividends. On any Adjustment Date, the DivFactor is determined at the 
Calculation Agent’s reasonable discretion to be a value between [●] per cent. (in-
cluding) and 100 per cent. (including).] 
 
["Dividend" 
Dividend (if applicable) means [dividend or similar payments, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, distributed to hypothetical hold-
ers of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Un-
derlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]], whereby the ex-dividend day of 
such payment on the Relevant Exchange is between the current and the immedi-
ately succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] 
Calculation Date] ].] 
 
["Dividend Costs" 
Dividend Costs (applicable only in case of performance indices as Underlying or, 
as the case may be, Basket Component) means an amount, which increases follow-
ing [the relevant Adjustment Date] [●], on which the relevant share of the company 
included in [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to 
an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] is traded "ex dividend", [the 
Financing Level(Old)][the Strike(Old) or, as the case may be, the Knock-Out Bar-
rier(Old)] [,provided that this ex dividend day is between the current and the imme-
diately succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] 
Calculation Date] [●]]. The Dividend Costs are determined at Calculation Agent’s 
reasonable discretion as being those taxes or other charges and costs, which are 
levied in the context of the distribution of the dividends [by way of any withhold-
ings] [, to the extent that these may not be credited].][●]] 
 
["Exchange Business 
Day" 
The Exchange Business Day means [●][each day, on which the Relevant Exchange 
is open for trading and the Price of the Underlying is determined in accordance 
with the relevant rules]. 
 
["Exercise Date" 
The Exercise Date means [●].] 
 
["Exercise Period" 
The Exercise Period starts on [●] and ends on [●] [at the Exercise Time].]

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
["Exercise Time" 
The Exercise Time equals [●] [hrs. local time [Copenhagen, Denmark] [Zurich, 
Switzerland)] [●]] 
 
["Expiration Date" 
[The Expiration Date means [●].] [Open End] [If this day is not [a Fund Business 
Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket Component] Calculation Date], the immediately 
[preceding] [succeeding] [Fund Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] 
Calculation Date] is the Expiration Date.] 
 
["Final Valuation Date" 
[The Final Valuation Date means [the Expiration Date] [●].] 
[The Final Valuation Date means [[the Expiration Date] [●]] [(i) in the case of an 
exercise by the Securityholder in accordance with § [●] of the Conditions of the 
Securities, subject to an effective exercise procedure, [the relevant Exercise Date] 
[the day immediately succeeding the relevant Exercise Date] [and] [(ii) in the case 
of an Automatic Exercise in accordance with § [●] of the Conditions of the Secu-
rities [the Automatic Exercise Date] [the day immediately succeeding the Auto-
matic Exercise Date] .] 
If this day is not [a Fund Business Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket Component] 
Calculation Date] [an Exchange Business Day] in relation to [the Underlying] [an 
Underlying(i)] [a Basket Component(i)], [●] [the immediately [preceding] [succeed-
ing] [Fund Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] [Exchange Business 
Day] [Calculation Date] is the relevant Final Valuation Date in relation to 
[the Underlying] 
[the affected [Underlying(i)] [Basket Component(i)]] 
[the aggregate [Underlyings] [Basket Components]] ]. ] 
 
["Financing Level Cur-
rency" 
 
The Financing Level Currency means [●].] 
["Fixing Date" 
The Fixing Date means [●]. 
If this day is not [a Fund Business Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket Component] 
Calculation Date] [an Exchange Business Day] in relation to [the Underlying] [an 
Underlying(i)] [a Basket Component(i)], [the immediately [preceding] [succeeding] 
[Fund Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Calculation Date] is the relevant Fixing Date in relation to 
[the Underlying] 
[the affected [Underlying(i)] [Basket Component(i)]] 
[the aggregate [Underlyings] [Basket Components]].] 
 
["Fixing Time" 
The Fixing Time equals [●] 
[[●] hrs local time [Copenhagen, Denmark] [Zurich, Switzerland] [•] 
[[the time of the official determination of the [Price] [[●] price] of the [Underlying] 
[respective Underlying(i)] [by the Index Sponsor] [or the Index Calculator, as the 
case may be] [by the Relevant Reference Agent].] [●]] 
[in the case of a Basket as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the following text: 
[[●], relevant local time for each Basket Component(i)] [the time of the official 
determination of the [Price] [[●] price] of each Basket Component(i)] [by the Index 
Sponsor] [by the Relevant Reference Agent].] [●]]]] 
 
["Fund Business Day" 
The Fund Business Day means any day in respect of which (i) the administrator of 
the Fund calculates and publishes the Fund’s NAV in accordance with the relevant 
prospectus and constitutional documents of the Fund and (ii) a Notional Investor in 
the Fund Units of the Fund could subscribe and redeem the Fund Units.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
["Futures Contract with 
the next Expiration 
Date" 
Futures Contract with the next Expiration Date means [●]  the futures contract with 
the expiration date, which falls in the chronologically next of the relevant expira-
tion months.] [the futures contract with the expiration date, which falls in one of 
the next [•] [six (6)] of the relevant expiration months.] 
 
[in case of a long or call securities insert, if applicable, the following text: [If there 
is no subsequent Futures Contract with the next Expiration Date that has a positive 
Rollover Reference Price New or if the Rollover Reference Price New of all sub-
sequent Futures Contracts with the next Expiration Date is smaller than the Rollo-
ver Reference Price Old minus the [•] [Current Strike] [Current Financing Level] 
on the Rollover Date, the Issuer is entitled to extraordinary termination of the se-
curities pursuant to § 8 of these Conditions.] 
 
[in case of a short or put securities insert, if applicable, the following text: [If there 
is no subsequent Futures Contract with the next Expiration Date that has a positive 
Rollover Reference Price New or if the Rollover Reference Price New of all sub-
sequent Futures Contracts with the next Expiration Date is smaller than the [•] 
[Current Strike] [Current Financing Level] on the Rollover Date minus the Rollo-
ver Reference Price Old, the Issuer is entitled to extraordinary termination of the 
securities pursuant to § 8 of these Conditions.]] 
 
 
["Global Depositary Re-
ceipt" 
Global Depositary Receipt means a negotiable instrument issued by a commercial 
bank acting as a depositary pursuant to a Depositary Agreement unless such De-
positary Agreement has not been entered into, that represents a specified number 
of Underlying Shares issued by an entity and held in a safekeeping account with 
the depositary’s custodian.] 
 
["Governing Law" 
Danish law governed Securities.] 
 
 
["Initial Financing 
Level" 
The Initial Financing Level equals [●]]. [indicative. The Initial Financing Level 
will be fixed on the Fixing Date [at the Fixing Time].*]] 
 
["Initial Financing 
Spread" 
The Initial Financing Spread equals [●]. The Initial Financing Spread will be fixed 
on the Fixing Date [at the Fixing Time].*]] 
 
["Initial Knock Out Bar-
rier" 
The Initial Knock Out Barrier equals [●]. The Initial Knock Out Barrier will be 
fixed on the Fixing Date [at the Fixing Time].*]] 
 
["Initial Payment Date" 
The Initial Payment Date means [●].] 
 
["Initial Stop Loss 
Level" 
The Initial Stop Loss Level equals [●]. The Initial Stop Loss Level will be fixed on 
the Fixing Date [at the Fixing Time].*]] 
 
["Initial Stop Loss Pre-
mium" 
The Initial Stop Loss Premium equals [●]. [indicative. The Initial Stop Loss Pre-
mium will be fixed on the Fixing Date [at Fixing Time]. *]] 
 
["Initial Strike" 
The Initial Strike equals [●]. [indicative. The Initial Strike will be fixed on the Fix-
ing Date [at Fixing Time]. *]] 
 
["Issue Date" 
The Issue Date means [●].

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
["Issuer" 
The Issuer means Saxo Bank A/S, company registration no. 15731249, Philip Hey-
mans Alle 15, DK-2900 Hellerup, Denmark. 
 
["Issuer Exercise Date" 
The Issuer Exercise Date means [●]. 
 
["Knock Out Barrier" 
The Knock Out Barrier equals [●]. [indicative. The Knock Out Barrier will be fixed 
[at the Fixing Time] on the Fixing Date.*]] 
 
["Leverage Factor" 
The Leverage Factor equals [●] [indicative. The Leverage Factor will be fixed on 
the Fixing Date [at Fixing Time].*]] 
 
["Minimum Exercise 
Size" 
 
The Minimum Exercise Size equals 1 Security.] 
 
[Minimum Tenor: 
 
The Minimum Tenor equals [●].] 
["Minimum Settlement 
Amount" 
The Minimum Settlement Amount equals [0.001] [●] in the Redemption Currency 
per Security.] 
 
["Minimum Trading 
Size" 
The Minimum Trading Size equals 1 Security.] 
 
["Multiplier" 
The Multiplier equals [●], or expressed as a decimal number [●], i.e. [●] [Security 
relates] [Securities relate] to 1 Underlying [, respectively, 1 Security relates to [●] 
Underlying[s], as the case may be].] [indicative. The Multiplier will be fixed [at the 
Fixing Time] on the Fixing Date.*]] 
 
["Net Asset Value" 
The Net Asset Value ("NAV") means [the Fund's net asset value per Fund Unit as 
calculated and published by the Fund's administrator in accordance with the rele-
vant Fund's prospectus and constitutional documents by adding the value of all the 
assets of the Fund and deducting the total liabilities (including, in particular but not 
limited to, any fees (including an advisory fee and an incentive fee) payable to the 
Fund's advisor, the administrator, the bank and the custodian of the Fund, all bor-
rowings, brokerage fees, provisions for taxes (if any), allowances for contingent 
liabilities and any other costs and expenses reasonably and properly incurred to the 
bank or the custodian of the Fund in effecting the acquisition or disposal of securi-
ties or in administering the Fund) of the Fund.] [the net asset value of the Fund Unit 
as published by or on behalf of the Fund (or its manager). For the purpose of cal-
culating such value as of [the [Final] Valuation Date] [any Valuation Averaging 
Date] [●], the Calculation Agent, acting in its reasonable discretion, shall determine 
such value based on the redemption proceeds that a Notional Investor would have 
received, if such Notional Investor had, subject to giving the appropriate prior no-
tice, requested redemption of the Fund Unit as of [the [Final] Valuation Date] [such 
Valuation Averaging Date] [●].] 
 
["Notional Investor" 
The Notional Investor means a hypothetical investor (in the same position as the 
Issuer) investing in the Fund Units of the Fund.] 
 
["Observation Date" 
The Observation Date means [●]. 
 
If this day is not [a Fund Business Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket Component] 
Calculation Date in relation to [the Underlying] [an Underlying[•]] [a Basket Com-
ponent[•]], [●] [the immediately [preceding] [succeeding] [Fund Business Day]

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
[[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] is the relevant Observation 
Date in relation to 
[the Underlying] 
[the affected [Underlying[•]] [Basket Component[•]]] 
[the aggregate [Underlyings] [Basket Components]] ]. 
 
["Observation Period" 
[The Observation Period means [•] [the period, commencing on the [Issue Date] 
[Fixing Date] [•] [at [•] hrs local time [●]] and ending [at [•] hrs local time [●] on 
the [Expiration Date] [Valuation Date] [Final Valuation Date] [or] [latest of the 
Valuation Averaging Dates].] 
 
[The Observation Period([•]=1) means the period commencing at [•] hrs local time 
[•] [●], on [•] and ending at [•] hrs local time [•] [●] on [•] [Observation Date([•]=1)] 
(including) [•] and the Observation Period([•]=n) means the period commencing at 
[•] hrs local time [•] [●], on [•] [Observation Date([•]=n-1) (excluding)] and ending 
at [•] hrs local time [•] [●], on [•] [Observation Date([•]=n)] (including).] ] 
 
["Open End" 
Open End means that the Securities have no predefined Expiration Date. 
 
["Paying Agent" 
The Paying Agent means UBS Switzerland AG, Bahnhofstrasse 45, 8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland. 
 
The Paying Agent is the party arranging for the relevant payments at issuance and 
redemption of the Securities. 
 
["Price of the Basket 
Component" 
The Price of the Basket Component means [●]. 
[the [●] price(s) of the respective Basket Component(s) as [continuously] deter-
mined [by the Relevant Trading System] [or] [on the Relevant Exchange]] [or] 
[in the case of an Index as the Basket Component insert, if applicable, the following 
text: the [●] price[s) of the [relevant] Basket Component[s]) as calculated and pub-
lished by [the Index Sponsor] [the Index Calculator]] [or] 
[in the case of a currency exchange rate as the Basket Component insert, if appli-
cable, the following text: [the [●] [bid] [mean] [ask] price[s] of the [relevant] Bas-
ket Component[s] as [[continuously] determined on the Relevant Exchange Mar-
ket] [and] [published on [[Reuters] [Bloomberg] on page ["EUROFX/1"] [●]] [the 
Relevant Screen Page], or a substitute page thereof.] [or] 
[in the case of an interest rate as the Basket Component insert, if applicable, the 
following text: [●] [the [●] price[s] of the [relevant] Basket Component[s] as [[con-
tinuously] determined on the Relevant Reference Market] [and] [published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or a substitute page thereof]] [or] 
[in the case of a fund unit as the Basket Component insert, if applicable, the fol-
lowing text: [●] [the Net Asset Value of the [relevant] Fund in relation to the Fund 
Unit, as calculated [and published] by [●] [the [relevant] administrator of the Fund] 
[or] 
[in the case of a futures contract as the Basket Component insert, if applicable, the 
following text: [the [●] price[s] of the [relevant] Basket Component[s] as [[contin-
uously] determined on the Relevant Reference Market] [and] [published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or a substitute page thereof]]] [or] 
[in the case of a reference rate as the Basket Component insert, if applicable, the 
following text: [●] [the [●] price[s] of the [relevant] Basket Component[s] as [[con-
tinuously] determined [on the Relevant Reference Market] [by the Relevant Refer-
ence Agent]] [and] [published on the Relevant Screen Page or a substitute page 
thereof].]] [or]

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
[The Price of each Basket Component is [expressed in] [converted into] [related to] 
[the Underlying Currency] [●].] 
[in the case of a currency exchange rate, interest rate, futures contract or a reference 
rate as Basket Component, as the case may be, insert, if applicable, the following 
text: 
[●] [If the [respective] Relevant Screen Page at the [respective] [Fixing Time] [or, 
as the case may be,] [Valuation Time] is not available or if the Price for the [re-
spective] Basket Component is not displayed, the relevant Price shall be the [[●] 
rate] [[●] price] [level] [(expressed as a percentage p.a.)] as displayed on the cor-
responding page of another financial information service. If the Price of the [re-
spective] Basket Component is no longer displayed in one of the above forms, the 
Issuer is entitled to specify at its reasonable discretion a [[●] rate] [[●] price] [level] 
[(expressed as a percentage p.a.)] calculated on the basis of the standard market 
practices applicable at that time as the relevant price. In this case the Issuer is enti-
tled but not obliged to request from reference banks selected at its reasonable dis-
cretion their respective quotes for the [[●] rate] [[●] price] [level] corresponding to 
the [respective] Basket Component [(expressed as a percentage rate p.a.)] at the 
[respective] [Fixing Time] [or, as the case may be,] [Valuation Time] on the rele-
vant [Valuation Date] [Final Valuation Date]. If at least [two] [●] of the reference 
banks have provided a corresponding quote to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent is 
entitled but not obliged to determine the relevant price by using the [arithmetica] 
average calculated by it (if necessary rounded to the nearest one thousandth of a 
percent) of the quotes specified by these reference banks.]]] 
 
["Price of the Underly-
ing" 
The Price of the Underlying means [●] 
[[the [●] price of the Underlying as [continuously] determined [in the Relevant 
Trading System] [or] [on the Relevant Exchange].] 
[in the case of an Index as the Underlying insert, if applicable, the following text: 
the [●] price of the Underlying as calculated and published by [the Index Sponsor] 
[the Index Calculator].] 
[in the case of a currency exchange rate as the Underlying insert, if applicable, the 
following text: [●] [the [●] [bid] [mean] [ask] [●] price of the Underlying as [[con-
tinuously] determined on the Relevant Exchange Market] [and] [published on 
[[Reuters] [Bloomberg] on page ["EUROFX/1"] [●]] [the Relevant Screen Page], 
or a substitute page thereof.] 
[in the case of an interest rate as the Underlying insert, if applicable, the following 
text: [●] [the [●] price of the Underlying as [[continuously] determined on the Rel-
evant Reference Market] [and] [published on the Relevant Screen Page or a substi-
tute page thereof].]] 
[in the case of a fund unit as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the following 
text: [●] [the Net Asset Value of the Fund in relation to the Fund Unit, as calculated 
[and published] by the administrator of the Fund.]] 
[in the case of a futures contract as the Underlying insert, if applicable, the follow-
ing text: [●] [the [●] price of the Underlying as [[continuously] determined on the 
Relevant Reference Market] [and] [published on the Relevant Screen Page or a 
substitute page thereof].]] 
[in the case of a reference rate as the Underlying insert, if applicable, the following 
text: [●] [the [●] price of the Underlying as [[continuously] determined [on the 
Relevant Reference Market] [by the Relevant Reference Agent]] [and] [published 
on the Relevant Screen Page or a substitute page thereof].]] 
[in the case of a Basket as the Underlying insert, if applicable, the following text: 
[●] [the sum of the respective Prices of the Basket Components [each multiplied

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
by the Percentage Weighting of the respective Basket Component within the Bas-
ket.]] 
[The Price of the [respective] Underlying is [expressed in] [converted into] [related 
to] [the Underlying Currency] [●].] 
[in the case of a currency exchange rate, interest rate, futures contract or a reference 
rate as the Underlying, as the case may be, add, if applicable, the following text: 
[●] [If the [respective] Relevant Screen Page at the [respective] [Fixing Time] [or, 
as the case may be,] [Valuation Time] is not available or if the Price for the [re-
spective] Underlying is not displayed, the relevant Price shall be the [[●] rate] [[●] 
price] [level] [(expressed as a percentage p.a.)] as displayed on the corresponding 
page of another financial information service. If the Price of the [respective] Un-
derlying is no longer displayed in one of the above forms, the Issuer is entitled to 
specify at its reasonable discretion a [[●] rate] [[●] price] [level] [(expressed as a 
percentage p.a.)] calculated on the basis of the standard market practices applicable 
at that time as the relevant price. In this case the Issuer is entitled but not obliged 
to request from reference banks selected at its reasonable discretion their respective 
quotes for the [[●] rate] [[●] price] [level] corresponding to the [respective] Under-
lying [(expressed as a percentage rate p.a.)] at the [respective] [Fixing Time] [or, 
as the case may be,] [Valuation Time] on the relevant [Valuation Date] [Final Val-
uation Date]. If at least [two] [●] of the reference banks have provided a corre-
sponding quote to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent is entitled but not obliged to 
determine the relevant price by using the [arithmetica] average calculated by it (if 
necessary rounded to the nearest one thousandth of a percent) of the quotes speci-
fied by these reference banks.]] 
 
["Principal Paying 
Agent" 
The Principal Paying Agent means UBS Switzerland AG, Bahnhofstrasse 45, 8001 
Zurich, Switzerland. 
 
["Quanto" 
Quanto means that the relevant Price of the [Underlying] [Basket Components] 
used for the calculation of any amounts payable under the Securities is expressed 
in the Redemption Currency without any reference to the currency exchange rate 
between the underlying currency of the [Underlying] [Basket Components], and 
the Redemption Currency.] 
 
["Rate" 
The Rate means [the prevailing rate for deposits in the Financing Level Currency] 
[(London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR))] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] 
[€STR] [Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight (SARON)] [SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA)] 
[SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [minus [the]] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] 
[€STR] [Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight (SARON)] [SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA)] 
[SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [●] as determined by the Calculation Agent at its 
reasonable discretion on the relevant Adjustment Date].] 
 
If (i) the Rate is no longer displayed or is discontinued permanently without an 
official legal successor rate, (ii) a public statement by the administrator of the rel-
evant Rate has been issued that (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of such Rate) it has 
ceased publishing such Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do 
so by a specified future date, (iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the ad-
ministrator of the relevant Rate has been issued that, in the view of such supervisor, 
such Rate is or will, by a specified future date, be no longer representative of an 
underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Rate has materially

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
changed; or (iv) the administrator of the relevant rate fails to obtain or maintain any 
necessary approvals or registrations, the Issuer is entitled to replace the Rate by 
another rate (which may include an adjustment spread (which may be positive or 
negative)), representing, at the reasonable discretion of the Calculation Agent, an 
economically comparable concept, (the "Successor Rate"). The Successor Rate and 
the date it is applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay by 
way of publication pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions.]  
 
["Redemption Cur-
rency" 
The Redemption Currency means [●]. [The product feature "Currency Conversion" 
applies.] 
 
["Redemption Date" 
The Redemption Date means [●] [the [●] Banking Day after (i) in case of an exer-
cise by the Securityholder in accordance with § [●] of the Conditions of the Secu-
rities, the [relevant Valuation Date][in relation to the Exercise Date][, (ii) in case 
of a redemption of the Securities by the Issuer in accordance with § [●] of the Con-
ditions of the Securities, the [relevant Valuation Date] [in relation to the Issuer 
Exercise Date][, [(ii] [(iii)] in case of the occurrence of a [Stop Loss Event] [Knock 
Out Event] in accordance with § [●] of the Conditions of the Securities, [the Stop 
Loss Expiration Date] [the Knock Out Expiration Date];] and ([ii] [iii] [iv]) in case 
of a termination by the Issuer in accordance with § 8 [●] of the Conditions of the 
Securities, the Termination Date.] 
 
["Reference Level" 
The Reference Level of the Underlying equals [●] 
[in the case of a Basket as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the following text: 
the sum of the respective Reference Levels of the Basket Components [each mul-
tiplied by the Percentage Weighting of the respective Basket Component within the 
Basket] [, related to the Underlying Currency].]] 
 
["Reference Price" 
The Reference Price of the Underlying equals [●] 
[the Price of the Underlying on [the Valuation Date] [the Final Valuation Date] [at 
the Valuation Time].] 
[If on the Valuation Date, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion, there is not sufficient liquidity in relation to [the Underlying] [one or 
more of the Underlyings] [one or more of the Basket Components] or if the un-
winding of any hedging transaction, due to such illiquidity or any other reason, has 
an inadequate impact on the Price of [the Underlying] [one or more of the Under-
lyings] [one or more of the Basket Components], the Calculation Agent shall de-
termine the Reference Price based on the [arithmetical] [volume weighted] average 
of the [●] prices of the Underlying, as indicated by the unwinding of the related 
hedging transactions in [the Underlying] [the relevant Basket Component], on [the 
Valuation Date] [the Final Valuation Date]. [The Calculation Agent shall determine 
[the closing dates on the Fixing Date and] the unwinding dates of the hedging trans-
actions at its reasonable discretion.]] 
 
["Relevant Conversion 
Rate" 
The Relevant Conversion Rate means the relevant [bid] [mean] [ask] rate [as pub-
lished on [●]] 
[(i) [the Valuation Date] [the Final Valuation Date] or (ii) in the case of a termina-
tion by the Issuer, on the [Termination Date] [day, on which the Termination Event 
occurs], [or (iii) in the case of a termination by the Securityholders, on [●] [the day, 
on which the Event of Default occurs]], 
[the Banking Day immediately succeeding (i) [the Valuation Date] [the Final Val-
uation Date] or (ii) in the case of termination by the Issuer, the [Termination Date]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
[day, on which the Termination Event occurs] [or (iii) in the case of a termination 
by the Securityholders, on [●] [the day, on which the Event of Default occurs]], 
[[Reuters] [Bloomberg] on page ["EUROFX/1"] ["ECB37"] [●], or a substitute 
page thereof.]] 
[If the Relevant Conversion Rate is not determined or quoted in the manner de-
scribed above or if controversial [bid] [mean] [ask] rates are quoted, the Calculation 
Agent shall be entitled to identify a Relevant Conversion Rate, determined on the 
basis of the then prevailing market customs.] ] 
[This definition is applicable in case the Underlying is expressed in a different cur-
rency than the Redemption Currency of the Securities, for example the Underlying 
is expressed in USD, whereas the Redemption Currency is expressed in EUR.] 
 
["Relevant Country" 
The Relevant Country means with respect to the [Underlying] [Basket Compo-
nent], each of (i) any country (or any political or regulatory authority thereof) in 
which the currency used as [the Underlying] [the Basket Component] is the legal 
tender or currency; and (ii) any country (or any political or regulatory authority 
thereof) with which the currency used as [the Underlying] [the Basket Component] 
has a material connection and, in determining what is material the Calculation 
Agent may, without limitation, refer to such factors as it may deem appropriate at 
its reasonable discretion.] 
 
["Relevant Exchange" 
The Relevant Exchange means [●] 
[in the case of an Index as the Underlying or Basket Component, as the case may 
be, insert, if appropriate, the following text: the stock exchange(s) on which the 
Components comprised in the Index are traded, as determined by [the Index Spon-
sor] [or] [the Index Calculator, as the case may be].] 
[[●] in relation to the [Underlying(i=1)] [Basket Component(i=1)], [●] and [●] in rela-
tion to the [Underlying(i=n)] [Basket Component(i=n)]. The term "Relevant Ex-
change" shall also refer to all Relevant Exchanges(i=1) to (i=n).] ] 
 
["Relevant Exchange 
Market" 
The Relevant Exchange Market means [●] 
[the foreign exchange market[s], on which the [[Underlying[s]] [Basket Compo-
nent[s]] [is] [are] primarily traded.] 
[[●] in relation to the [Underlying(i=1)] [Basket Component(i=1)], [●] and [●] in rela-
tion to the [Underlying(i=n)] [Basket Component(i=n)]. The term "Relevant Exchange 
Market" shall also refer to all Relevant Exchange Markets(i=1) to (i=n).] ] 
 
["Relevant Futures and 
Options Exchange" 
The Relevant Futures and Options Exchange means [●] 
[[●] in relation to the [Underlying(i=1)] [Basket Component(i=1)], [●] and [●] in rela-
tion to the [Underlying(i=n)] [Basket Component(i=n)].] 
[the futures and options exchange[s], on which futures and option contracts on the 
[[Underlying[s]] [Basket Component[s]] are primarily traded, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent]. [The term "Relevant Futures and Options Exchange" shall also 
refer to all Relevant Futures and Options Exchanges(i=1) to (i=n).].] 
 
["Relevant Reference 
Agent" 
The Relevant Reference Agent means [●] 
[[●] in relation to the [Underlying(i=1)] [Basket Component(i=1)], [●] and [●] in rela-
tion to the [Underlying(i=n)] [Basket Component(i=n)]. The term "Relevant Reference 
Agent" shall also refer to all Relevant Reference Agents(i=1) to (i=n).] ] 
 
["Relevant Reference 
Market" 
The Relevant Reference Market means [●]

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
[[●] in relation to the [Underlying(i=1)] [Basket Component(i=1)], [●] and [•] in rela-
tion to the [Underlying(i=n)] [Basket Component(i=n)]. The term "Relevant Reference 
Market" shall also refer to all Relevant Reference Markets(i=1) to (i=n).] ] 
 
["Relevant Reference 
Rate" 
The Relevant Reference Rate equals [insert description of the reference rate: [●].] 
 
["Relevant Screen Page" 
The Relevant Screen Page means [●] 
[[●] in relation to the [Underlying(i=1)] [Basket Component(i=1)], [●] and [●] in rela-
tion to the [Underlying(i=n)] [Basket Component(i=n)]. The term "Relevant Screen 
Page" shall also refer to all Relevant Screen Pages(i=1) to (i=n).] ] 
 
["Relevant Trading Sys-
tem" 
The Relevant Trading System means [●] 
[in the case of an Index as the Underlying or Basket Component, as the case may 
be, insert, if appropriate, the following text: The trading system(s) in which the 
Components comprised in the Index are traded, as determined by the [Index Spon-
sor] [or] [the Index Calculator, as the case may be].] 
[in the case of a Fund Unit as the Underlying or Basket Component, as the case 
may be, insert, if appropriate, the following text: [the Fund] [●].] 
[[●] in relation to the [Underlying(i=1)] [Basket Component(i=1)], [●] and [•] in rela-
tion to the [Underlying(i=n)] [Basket Component(i=n)]. The term "Relevant Trading 
System" shall also refer to all Relevant Trading Systems(i=1) to (i=n).] ] 
 
["Reset Event" 
[A Reset Event [means [•]] [occurs, 
 
[in case of a record day related observation, add the following text: 
 
if [at any time] [at [•] hrs. (local time [•] [Copenhagen, Denmark] [London, United 
Kingdom])] on [the Valuation Date] [the Final Valuation Date] [the Observation 
Date] [an Observation Date] [a Valuation Averaging Date] [•] [the Reference 
Price] [the Settlement Price] [the Price] of [the Underlying] [at least one [Underly-
ing[•]][Basket Component[•]]] [all [Underlyings][Basket Components]] [if appropri-
ate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Pro-
spectus: [•]] is 
 
[in case of Factor (Long) Certificates insert: [•] [equal to or] lower than the [re-
spective] Current Reset Barrier[[•]], but [equal to or] above the [respective] Current 
Strike[•]].] 
 
[in case of Factor (Short) Certificates insert: [•] [equal to or] higher than the [re-
spective] Current Reset Barrier[[•]], but [equal to or] below the [respective] Current 
Strike[•]].] 
 
[in case of a period related observation, add the following text: 
 
if [at any time] [during ] [the Term of the Securities] [following] [the Fixing Date] 
[the Issue Date] [the Start of the public offer of the Securities] [•]] the Price of [the 
Underlying] [at least one [Underlying[•]][Basket Component[•]]] [all [Underly-
ings][Basket Components]] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an 
Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]] is 
 
[in case of Factor (Long) Certificates insert: [•] [equal to or] lower than the [re-
spective] Current Reset Barrier[[•]], but [equal to or] above the [respective] Current 
Strike[•]].]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
[in case of Factor (Short) Certificates insert: [•] [equal to or] higher than the [re-
spective] Current Reset Barrier[[•]], but [equal to or] below the [respective] Current 
Strike[•]].] 
 
[If, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at their reasonable dis-
cretion, a Market Disruption (§ 11 (3)) prevails on any day relevant for the deter-
mination of the occurrence of a Reset Event, the Calculation Agent will, at its rea-
sonable discretion and taking into account (i) the market conditions then prevailing 
and (ii) such other conditions or factors as the Issuer and the Calculation Agent 
reasonably consider to be relevant, estimate the relevant Price of the Underlying 
or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" 
is specified to be applicable, the relevant Price of the (affected) Basket Component 
or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Consider-
ation of Components" is specified to be applicable, the relevant price of the affected 
Component in relation to the occurrence of a Reset Event (which for the avoidance 
of doubt could be zero (0)) on the basis of the latest Prices of the Underlying or, if 
in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, Prices of the Basket Component or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" 
is specified to be applicable, prices of the affected Component available to the Is-
suer or the Calculation Agent.] 
 
["Rollover Date" 
Rollover Date means [the last trading date] [the first trading date after the last trad-
ing date] [●] of the futures contracts in the Relevant Reference Market. If, at that 
date, the Issuer determines at its reasonable discretion that there is insufficient li-
quidity in the futures contract used as [the Underlying] [the Basket Component] in 
the Relevant Reference Market or that a comparable extraordinary market situation 
prevails, the Issuer shall be entitled to determine at its reasonable discretion another 
day as Rollover Date.] 
 
["Securities" 
Securities means the [specify designation of the Securities: [●]] Securities issued 
by the Issuer in the Issue Size with the following product feature: 
Currency Conversion: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Minimum Exercise Size: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Securityholder’s Extraordinary 
Termination Right: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Quanto: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Consideration of Components: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Individual Determination: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Collective Determination: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Benchmark Adjustment: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
["Securityholder Termi-
nation Amount" 
The Securityholder Termination Amount equals an amount in the Redemption Cur-
rency, which is determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion 
and considering [the then prevailing Price of the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert 
different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: 
[●]], as the fair market price of a Security at the occurrence of the termination of 
the Securities.] 
 
["Settlement Amount" 
The Settlement Amount equals [ [●].]

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
["Settlement Cycle" 
The Settlement Cycle means [●] [the number of [Banking Days] [business 
days][[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Dates] following a trade in 
the [Underlying] [Basket Component] [in the Relevant Trading System] [or] [on 
the Relevant Exchange] in which settlement will customarily occur according to 
the rules of [the Relevant Trading System] [or] [the Relevant Exchange].]] 
 
["Settlement Bank" 
UBS Switzerland AG] 
["Settlement Price" 
The Settlement Price of the Underlying equals [●] 
[the Price of the Underlying on [the Valuation Date] [the Final Valuation Date] [at 
the Valuation Time].] 
[in the case of a Basket as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the following text: 
the sum of the respective Reference Levels of the Basket Components [each mul-
tiplied by the [Percentage] Weighting of the respective Basket Component within 
the Basket] [, related to the Underlying Currency].] 
[If on the Valuation Date, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion, there is not sufficient liquidity in relation to [the Underlying] [one or 
more of the Underlyings] [one or more of the Basket Components] or if the un-
winding of any hedging transaction, due to such illiquidity or any other reason, has 
an inadequate impact on the Price of [the Underlying] [one or more of the Under-
lyings] [one or more of the Basket Components], the Calculation Agent shall de-
termine the Settlement Price based on the [arithmetical] [volume weighted] average 
of the [●] prices of the Underlying, as indicated by the unwinding of the related 
hedging transactions in [the Underlying] [the relevant Basket Component], on [the 
Valuation Date] [the Final Valuation Date]. [The Calculation Agent shall determine 
[the closing dates on the Fixing Date and] the unwinding dates of the hedging trans-
actions at its reasonable discretion.]] 
 
["Start of the public of-
fer of the Securities" 
 
[●] 
["Stop Loss Level Cur-
rency" 
 
The Stop Loss Level Currency means [●].] 
["Strike" 
The Strike of the Underlying equals [●] 
[in the case of a Basket as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the following text: 
the sum of the respective Strikes of the Basket Components [each multiplied by the 
Percentage Weighting of the respective Basket Component within the Basket] [, 
related to the Underlying Currency].]] 
 
["Strike Currency" 
The Strike Currency means [●].] 
 
["Term of the Securi-
ties" 
The Term of the Securities means [●] [the period, commencing on the [Issue Date] 
[Fixing Date] [●] [at [●] hrs Copenhagen time] [●]] and ending [at [●] hrs Copen-
hagen time] [●]] [with the determination of [the Reference Price] [the Settlement 
Price]] on [the Redemption Date] [the Expiration Date] [the Valuation Date] [the 
Final Valuation Date].] 
 
["Termination Amount" 
The Termination Amount equals an amount in the Redemption Currency, which is 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion and considering 
[the then prevailing Price of the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point 
of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]], as the fair 
market price of a Security at the occurrence of the termination of the Securities.]

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
["Underlying][Basket 
Component] Calculation 
Date" 
The [Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date means [●] 
[each day, on which [the Relevant Trading System] [,] [and] [the Relevant Ex-
change] [,] [and] [the Relevant Exchange Market] [and] [the Relevant Reference 
Market] [is] [are] open for trading [and] [the Price of the [Underlying] [Basket 
Component] is determined in accordance with the relevant rules]] 
[in the case of an Index as the Underlying or Basket Component, as the case may 
be, insert, if applicable, the following text: [[or, as the case may be, ] in relation to 
the Index] each day, on which [(i)] [the Index Sponsor] [the Index Calculator] de-
termines, calculates and publishes the official price of the Index, [and (ii) the Com-
ponents, which are comprised in the Index are [, to the extent of at least [●] [80 per 
cent.] [90 per cent.] of the market capitalisation of all Components, which are com-
prised in the Index, or of the overall value of the Index, ] available for trading and 
quotation [in the Relevant Trading System] [or] [on the Relevant Exchange]] 
[in the case of a fund unit as the Underlying or Basket Component, as the case may 
be, insert, if applicable, the following text: [[or, as the case may be, ] in relation to 
a Fund Unit] each day on which the [respective] administrator of the Fund pub-
lishes the Net Asset Value for such Fund in accordance with the relevant Fund's 
prospectus and constitutional documents] 
[in the case of a reference rate as the Underlying or Basket Component, as the case 
may be, insert, if applicable, the following text: [[or, as the case may be, ] in relation 
to a reference rate] each day on which the [respective] Relevant Reference Agent 
determines the Price of the [Underlying] [Basket Component] in accordance with 
the relevant rules]].] 
 
["Underlying Currency" 
The Underlying Currency means [●].] 
 
["Underlying[s]" 
[The Underlying means [, subject to a Rollover in accordance with § 6 (j) of the 
Conditions of the Securities,] [insert description of [the share or of the American 
Depositary Receipt, the Global Depositary Receipt or other depositary receipt on 
the share] [the Index] [the currency exchange rate] [the precious metal] [the com-
modity] [the interest rate] [the non-equity security] [the fund unit] [the futures con-
tract (if applicable, including determination of the Relevant Expiration Months)] 
[the reference rate] [the Basket]: [●]] 
[in the case of an Index as the Underlying add the following text: (the "Index"), [as 
maintained, calculated and published by [●] (the "Index Sponsor")] [as maintained 
by [●] (the "Index Sponsor") and calculated and published by [●] (the "Index Cal-
culator")].] 
[in the case of a certificate representing shares as the Underlying insert, if appro-
priate, the following text: [also "ADR")] [(also "GDR")] [(also "DR")]. In such 
context, the Share underlying [the ADR] [the GDR] [the DR] is also referred to as 
the "Underlying Share".] 
[in the case of a fund unit as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the following 
text: (the "Fund Unit") in the [●] (the "Fund").] 
[in the case of a Basket as the Underlying add the following text: (the "Basket"), 
comprising the Basket Components, as calculated and published by [●] [the Calcu-
lation Agent].] 
[in the case of an Index as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the following text: 
(the "Index(i=1)"), [as maintained, calculated and published by [●] (the "Index Spon-
sor(i=1)")] [as maintained by [●] (the "Index Sponsor(i=1)") and calculated and pub-
lished by [●] (the "Index Calculator(i=1)")]] [in the case of a fund unit as the Under-
lying insert, if appropriate, the following text: (the "Fund Unit(i=1)") in the [●] (the 
"Fund(i=n)")] [in the case of a certificate representing shares as the Underlying in-
sert, if appropriate, the following text: [(also "ADR(i=1)")] [(also "GDR(i=1)")] (In

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
such context, the Share(i=1) underlying [the ADR(i=1)] [the GDR(i=1)] is also referred 
to as the "Underlying Share(i=1)" and the Underlying Share(i=1) together with [the 
ADR(i=1)] [the GDR(i=1)] as the "Share(i=1)")]; [●] and the Underlying(i=n) equals [, 
subject to a Rollover in accordance with § 6 (j) of the Conditions of the Securities,] 
[insert description of [the share or of the American Depositary Receipt or the 
Global Depositary Receipt on the share] [the Index] [the currency exchange rate] 
[the precious metal] [the commodity] [the interest rate] [the non-equity security] 
[the fund unit] [the futures contract (if applicable, including determination of the 
Relevant Expiration Months)] [the reference rate]: [●]] [in the case of an Index as 
the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the following text: (the "Index(i=n)"), [as main-
tained, calculated and published by [●] (the "Index Sponsor(i=n)")] [as maintained 
by [●] (the "Index Sponsor(i=n)") and calculated and published by [●] (the "Index 
Calculator(i=n)")]] [in the case of a fund unit as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, 
the following text: (the "Fund Unit(i=n)") in the [●] (the "Fund(i=n)")] [in the case of 
a certificate representing shares as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the follow-
ing text: [(also "ADR(i=n)")] [(also "GDR(i=n)")] (In such context, the Share(i=n) un-
derlying [the ADR(i=n)] [the GDR(i=n)] is also referred to as the "Underlying 
Share(i=n)".] 
The term "Underlying" [or "Index" [, "Index Calculator"] and "Index Sponsor", as 
the case may be, ] [or "Fund Unit" and "Fund", as the case may be] [●] shall also 
refer to all Underlyings(i=1) to (i=n) [and to all Indices(i=1) to (i=n)[, to all Index Calcu-
lators(i=1) to (i=n)] and all Index Sponsors(i=1) to (i=n), as the case may be] [and to all 
Fund Units(i=1) to (i=n) and all Funds(i=1) to (i=n), as the case may be] [●].] 
 
[On the [●] Underlying equals ("Underlying on the [●]"): [●] [see table below].] 
 
[[The Underlying is] [The Underlyings are] [expressed in] [converted into] [related 
to] [the Underlying Currency] [●].] 
[In this context, the individual underlying values or components of [the] [an] Un-
derlying are referred to as a "Component" or, as the case may be, the "Compo-
nents".]] 
 
 
["Valuation Averaging 
Date" 
[The Valuation Averaging Date means [•].] 
 
[The Valuation Averaging Date([•]=1) means the [•]; and 
 
the Valuation Averaging Date([•]=n) means [the [•]] [(i) in the case of an exercise by 
the Securityholder in accordance with § [•] of the Conditions of the Securities, sub-
ject to an effective exercise procedure, [the relevant Exercise Date] [the day imme-
diately succeeding the relevant Exercise Date] [•]] [and] [(ii) in the case of an Au-
tomatic Exercise in accordance with § [•] of the Conditions of the Securities [the 
Automatic Exercise Date] [the day immediately succeeding the Automatic Exercise 
Date] [•].] 
 
The term "Valuation Averaging Date" shall also refer to all Valuation Averaging 
Dates([•]=1) to ([•]=n).] 
 
If one of these days is not [an Underlying] [a Basket Component] Calculation Date 
in relation to [the Underlying] [an Underlying[•]] [a Basket Component[•]], [•] [the 
immediately [preceding] [succeeding] [Underlying] [Basket Component] Calcula-
tion Date is deemed to be the relevant Valuation Averaging Date in relation to 
[the Underlying]

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
[the affected [Underlying[•]] [Basket Component[•]]] 
[the aggregate [Underlyings] [Basket Components]] ].] 
 
["Valuation Date" 
[The Valuation Date means [●].] 
[The Valuation Date means [the [●]] [(i) in the case of an exercise by the Securi-
tyholder in accordance with § [●] of the Conditions of the Securities, subject to an 
effective exercise procedure, [the relevant Exercise Date] [the day immediately 
succeeding the relevant Exercise Date] [●]] [and] [(ii) in the case of a redemption 
of the Securities by the Issuer in accordance with § [●] of the Conditions of the 
Securities, the relevant Issuer Exercise Date] [and] [(iii) in the case of an Automatic 
Exercise in accordance with § [●] of the Conditions of the Securities [the Auto-
matic Exercise Date] [the day immediately succeeding the Automatic Exercise 
Date] [●]].] 
If this day is not [a Fund Business Day] [an Exchange Business Day] [[an Under-
lying] [a Basket Component] Calculation Date] in relation to [the Underlying] [an 
Underlying(i)] [a Basket Component(i)], [the immediately [preceding] [succeeding] 
[Fund Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] 
Calculation Date] is the deemed to be the relevant Valuation Date in relation to 
[the Underlying] 
[the affected [Underlying(i)] [Basket Component(i)]] 
[the aggregate [Underlyings] [Basket Components]] ]. ] 
 
["Valuation Time" 
The Valuation Time means [●] 
[[●] hrs local time [Copenhagen, Denmark] [Zurich, Switzerland)] 
[[the time of the official determination of the [Price] [[●] price] of the [Underlying] 
[respective Underlying(i)] [by the Index Sponsor] [or the Index Calculator, as the 
case may be] [by the Relevant Reference Agent].] 
[in the case of a Basket as the Underlying insert, if appropriate, the following text: 
[relevant local time for each Basket Component(i)] [the time of the official deter-
mination of the [Price] [[●]] price of each Basket Component(i)] [by the Index Spon-
sor] [by the Relevant Reference Agent].]

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
PRODUCT TERMS PART 2: SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
The following is the text of the Special Conditions of the Securities which, as completed and/or amended shall 
apply to each relevant type of Securities mentioned in each section below in addition to the Key Terms and 
Definitions of the Securities mentioned in Part 1 above. 
 
The Securities can be structured as: 
 
(i) 
Turbo's Long 
(ii) 
Turbo's Short 
(iii) 
Turbo's XL Long 
(iv) 
Turbo's XL Short 
(v) 
Factor (Long) Certificates;  
(vi) 
Factor (Short) Certificates; 
 
The Product Terms and General Conditions (set forth in section  together constitute the "Terms and Conditions" 
of the relevant Securities.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
TURBO'S LONG 
 
§ 1 
Option Right 
1.          Option Right of the Securityholders 
 
The Issuer hereby warrants to the Securityholder (§ 4 (2) of these Conditions) of each (1) Security relating 
to the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to and Underlying 
comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] in accordance with these Conditions that such Securityholder 
shall have the right (the "Option Right") to receive, subject to the occurrence of a Stop Loss Event in 
accordance with § 2 of these Conditions, the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted 
into the Redemption Currency,] [multiplied by [the Leverage Factor] [the Multiplier] [, expressed as a 
decimal number,]] [and] commercially rounded to [two] [●] decimal places (the "Redemption Amount"). 
2.          Settlement Amount 
 
The "Settlement Amount" is 
 
[subject to the payment of the Minimum Settlement Amount,] calculated in accordance with the follow-
ing formula: 
 
[Max [0.001; (Settlement Price - Current Financing Level)]] 
 
[Max [0.001; (Reference Price - Current Financing Level)]] 
 
[Max [0; (Settlement Price - Current Financing Level)]] 
 
[Max [0; (Reference Price - Current Financing Level)]] 
3.          Adjustment of the Financing Level 
 
On each Adjustment Date and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time, the Initial Financing Level 
and, thereafter, any then current financing level (each the "Financing Level") is adjusted by the Calcula-
tion Agent in accordance with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Financing Level 
(being current on such Adjustment Date) is referred to as "Current Financing Level": 
 
 
(The result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [●] decimal places) 
For the avoidance of doubt: For the calculation of the respective subsequent Current Financing Level, 
FLevel(Old) not rounded will be used. 
 
The Current Financing Level will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding 
the Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [Copen-
hagen, Denmark] [Zurich, Switzerland)] [●])]] [●] on the website of the Issuer at https://en-dk.structured-
products.saxo/.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
[Whereby:] 
 
["Adjustment Date" means [●]. [If this day is not [Exchange Business Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date] [●], the immediately succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] 
[Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●] is the relevant Adjustment Date.]] 
 
["Adjustment Time" means [●].] 
 
 
["Initial Financing Level" equals [●]. 
 
["FLevel(Old)" means the Financing Level on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment.] 
 
Following the Initial Financing Spread, "FSpread" means the financing spread, which is set on any Ad-
justment Date to be a value between [●] per cent. [(including)] and [●] per cent. [(including)], as deter-
mined at the Calculation Agent’s reasonable discretion. The "Initial Financing Spread" equals [●] per 
cent.] 
 
["Rate" means [the prevailing rate for deposits in the Financing Level Currency] [(London Interbank 
Offered Rate (LIBOR))] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] [Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] [SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index Av-
erage (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [minus [the]] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] 
[Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] [SA-
RON] [Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [●] as determined 
by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion on the relevant Adjustment Date].] 
 
If (i) the Rate is no longer displayed or is discontinued permanently without an official legal successor 
rate, (ii) a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Rate has been issued that (in circum-
stances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of 
such Rate) it has ceased publishing such Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by 
a specified future date, (iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Rate 
has been issued that, in the view of such supervisor, such Rate is or will, by a specified future date, be 
no longer representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Rate has materi-
ally changed; or (iv) the administrator of the relevant rate fails to obtain or maintain any necessary ap-
provals or registrations, the Issuer is entitled to replace the Rate by another rate (which may include an 
adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative)), representing, at the reasonable discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, an economically comparable concept, (the "Successor Rate"). The Successor Rate 
and the date it is applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay by way of publication 
pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions.]  
 
["Dividend" (if applicable) means [●] [dividend or similar payments, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent at its reasonable discretion, distributed to hypothetical holders of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, 
insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]], whereby the 
ex-dividend day of such payment on the Relevant Exchange is between the current and the immediately 
succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●]].] 
 
[["Dividend Costs" (applicable only in case of performance indices as Underlying or, as the case may be, 
Basket Component) means an amount, which increases following [the relevant Adjustment Date] [●], on 
which the relevant share of the company included in [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different 
point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] is traded "ex dividend", [the 
Financing Level(Old)] [the Strike(Old) or, as the case may be, the Knock-Out Barrier(Old)] [, provided that 
this ex dividend day is between the current and the immediately succeeding [Exchange Business Day] 
[[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●]]. The Dividend Costs are determined at

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Calculation Agent’s reasonable discretion as being those taxes or other charges and costs, which are 
levied in the context of the distribution of the dividends [by way of any withholdings] [, to the extent that 
these may not be credited].][●]]"] 
 
["DivFactor" (if applicable) means [●] [a dividend factor, which reflects any taxation applied on divi-
dends. On any Adjustment Date, the DivFactor is determined at the Calculation Agent’s reasonable dis-
cretion to be a value between 0 per cent. (including) and 100 per cent. (including)].] 
 
["n" means the number of calendar days from the current Adjustment Date (excluding) to the immediately 
succeeding Adjustment Date (including).] 
 
["Financing Level Currency" means [●].] 
 
["Rollover Adjustment" or, as the case may be "ROA" means the adjustment that applies in case of a 
Rollover. It includes the underlying price adjustment from the Underlying to the Futures Contract with 
the next Expiration Date and the Rollover Costs. The ROA equals zero (0) when there is no Rollover. 
 
The ROA is based on the following formula, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion: 
 
"Rollover Reference Price Old" or, as the case may be "RPold" is the price of the substituted futures 
contract on the Rollover Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion. 
 
"Rollover Reference Price New" or, as the case may be "RPnew" is the price of the substituting futures 
contract on the Rollover Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion.  
 
"Rollover Costs" or, as the case may be "ROC" are the costs that incur from the futures Rollover, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion.] 
4.          Determinations and Calculations in connection with the Option Right 
 
Any determinations and calculations in connection with the Option Right, in particular the calculation of 
the Redemption Amount, will be made by the Calculation Agent. Determinations and calculations made 
in this respect by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
 
§ 2 
Stop Loss Event 
1.          Consequences of the occurrence of a Stop Loss Event 
 
If a Stop Loss Event (§ 2 (3) of these Conditions) occurs, the Option Right expires on such day (the "Stop 
Loss Expiration Date") and the Securities become invalid. In this case, the Securityholder is entitled to 
receive with respect to each Security it holds the Stop Loss Redemption Amount (§ 2 (2) of these Con-
ditions) in the Redemption Currency (also the "Redemption Amount"). 
2.          Stop Loss Redemption Amount 
 
The "Stop Loss Redemption Amount" means [, subject to the payment of the Minimum Settlement 
Amount,] an amount in the Redemption Currency, which is determined by the Calculation Agent at its 
reasonable discretion [, considering the hedging transactions of the Issuer with the Hedging Counter-
party,] [as the fair market price of a Security] on the Stop Loss Expiration Date].

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
3.          Occurrence of Stop Loss Event 
 
A "Stop Loss Event" shall occur, if 
 
[in the case of Securities with a period related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [during] [the Term of the Securities] [following] [the Fixing Date] [the Issue Date] [the 
Start of the public offer of the Securities] [●]] the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert differ-
ent point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] is equal to or below the 
Current Stop Loss Level.] 
 
[in the case of Securities with a record day related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [at [●] hrs. (local time [●] on [the Valuation Date] [the Final Valuation Date] [●] the Price 
of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the 
Base Prospectus: [●]] is equal to or below the Current Stop Loss Level.] 
 
[If, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at their reasonable discretion, a Market Dis-
ruption (§ 11 (3) of these Conditions) prevails on any day relevant for the determination of the occurrence 
of a Stop Loss Event, the Calculation Agent will, at its reasonable discretion and taking into account (i) 
the market conditions then prevailing and (ii) such other conditions or factors as the Issuer and the Cal-
culation Agent reasonably consider to be relevant, estimate the relevant Price of the Underlying or, if in 
the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, 
the relevant Price of the (affected) Basket Component or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the defi-
nition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, the relevant price 
of the affected Component in relation to the occurrence of a Stop Loss Event (which for the avoidance 
of doubt could be zero (0)) on the basis of the latest Prices of the Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, Prices of the 
Basket Component or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Considera-
tion of Components" is specified to be applicable, prices of the affected Component available to the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent.] 
 
[(Regular trading hours on regular trading days apply.)] 
4.          Adjustment of the Stop Loss Level 
 
On each Adjustment Date and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time, the Initial Stop Loss Level 
and, thereafter, any then current Stop Loss Level (each a "Stop Loss Level") is adjusted by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Stop Loss Level (being 
current on such Adjustment Date) is referred to as the "Current Stop Loss Level": 
 
 
 
(The result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [●] decimal places) 
For the avoidance of doubt: For the calculation of the respective subsequent Current Stop Loss Level, 
the Financing Level not rounded will be used. 
 
The Current Stop Loss Level will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding 
the Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] (local time [Copenhagen, 
Denmark / Zurich, Switzerland)] [●])]] [●] on the website of the Issuer at https://en-dk.structured-prod-
ucts.saxo/. 
 
[Whereby:]

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
["Adjustment Date" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Adjustment Time" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
Following the Initial Stop Loss Premium, the "Stop Loss Premium" is set on any Adjustment Date to be 
a value between [●] per cent. [(including)] and [●] per cent. [(including)], as determined at the Calcula-
tion Agent’s reasonable discretion.] 
 
[The "Initial Stop Loss Level" equals [●]. 
 
["Stop Loss Level Currency" means [●].] 
 
§ 3 
Exercise Procedure; Exercise Notice [; Exercise Date] 
1.          Exercise Procedure 
 
The Option Right may in each case [only] be exercised by the Securityholder [every [●]] [, for the first 
time on [●]] [, following [●]] [daily] [on] [a Banking Day [, which also is [an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date,] [within the Exercise Period] ([the] [each an] "Exercise Date" [(If [this 
day][one of these days] is not an Exchange Business Day, the immediately succeeding Exchange Busi-
ness Day is deemed to be the relevant Exercise Date.)])] [until the Exercise Time] [[the] [any] Exercise 
Date] [(with effect as of such Exercise Date)] and in accordance with the exercise procedure described 
below. 
 
[In the case of Securities providing for a Minimum Exercise Size add the following text: 
2.          Minimum Exercise Size 
 
Except when Automatic Exercise applies, the Option Rights may [, subject to § 2 ([3] [4]) of these Con-
ditions,] only be exercised in a number equal to the Minimum Exercise Size. An exercise of more than 
the Minimum Exercise Size of the Securities that is not an integral multiple thereof will be deemed to be 
an exercise of a number of Securities that is equal to the Minimum Exercise Size or the next lowest 
integral multiple of the Minimum Exercise Size.] 
[2.][3.]  Exercise of the Option Rights 
 
For a valid exercise of the Option Rights the following conditions have to be met on the relevant Exercise 
Date until the Exercise Time: 
 
a) The [Paying Agent][Issuer] must receive written and legally signed notice by the Securityholder 
stating his intention to exercise the Option Right securitised in the Security (the "Exercise No-
tice"). The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and binding and shall contain among other things (a) 
the name of the Securityholder, (b) an indication of the number of Securities to be exercised and 
(c) the account of the Securityholder with the Issuer, to which the transfer of the Redemption 
Amount, if any, shall be effected. 
 
b) the effected transfer of the respective Securities to the Issuer by crediting the Securities to the 
client securities account maintained by the Issuer with the Settlement Bank.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
If these conditions are met after lapse of the Exercise Time on the Exercise Date, the Option Right shall 
be deemed to be exercised on the immediately succeeding Exercise Date [provided that such day falls 
within the Exercise Period].] 
 
[3.][4.]  Calculations 
 
Upon exercise of the Option Rights as well as determination of [the Reference Price] [the Settlement 
Price] of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised 
in the Base Prospectus: [●]] the Calculation Agent (§ 12 of these Conditions) shall calculate the Re-
demption Amount payable, if any, either corresponding to the number of Securities actually delivered or 
to the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, whichever is lower. In case the number of 
Securities actually delivered is higher than the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, any 
remaining excess amount with respect to the Securities delivered will be returned to the relevant Securi-
tyholder. 
 
[4.][5.]  Exercise by the Issuer 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled [on each [●]] [and] [, for the first time on [●] (including),] and subject to a 
period of notice of [●], to terminate and redeem the Securities not yet exercised by way of publication 
pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions on any Exercise Date (such day is referred to as the "Issuer Exercise 
Date"), with effect as of such Issuer Exercise Date. 
 
In the case of a redemption by the Issuer in accordance with the paragraph above, the Issuer shall pay to 
each Securityholder an amount equal to the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted 
into the Redemption Currency,] [multiplied by [the Leverage Factor] [the Multiplier] [, expressed as a 
decimal number,]] [and] commercially rounded to [two] [●] decimal places (also the "Redemption 
Amount").

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
TURBO'S SHORT 
 
§ 1 
Option Right 
1.          Option Right of the Securityholders 
 
The Issuer hereby warrants to the Securityholder (§ 4 (2) of these Conditions) of each (1) Security relating 
to the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying com-
prised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] in accordance with these Conditions that such Securityholder shall 
have the right (the "Option Right") to receive, subject to the occurrence of a Stop Loss Event in accord-
ance with § 2 of these Conditions, the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted into 
the Redemption Currency,] [multiplied by [the Leverage Factor] [the Multiplier] [, expressed as a deci-
mal number,]] [and] commercially rounded to [two] [●] decimal places (the "Redemption Amount"). 
2.          Settlement Amount 
 
The "Settlement Amount" is 
 
[, subject to the payment of the Minimum Settlement Amount,] calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
[Max [0.001; (Current Financing Level - Settlement Price)]] 
 
[Max [0.001; (Current Financing Level - Reference Price)]] 
 
[Max [0; (Current Financing Level - Settlement Price)]] 
 
[Max [0; (Current Financing Level - Reference Price)]] 
3.          Adjustment of the Financing Level 
 
On each Adjustment Date and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time, the Initial Financing Level 
and, thereafter, any then current financing level (each the "Financing Level") is adjusted by the Calcula-
tion Agent in accordance with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Financing Level 
(being current on such Adjustment Date) is referred to as "Current Financing Level": 
 
 
 
(The result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [●] decimal places) 
For the avoidance of doubt: For the calculation of the respective subsequent Current Financing Level, 
FLevel(Old) not rounded will be used. 
 
The Current Financing Level will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding 
the Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
[Copenhagen, Denmark] [Zurich, Switzerland] [●])]] [●] on the website of the Issuer at https://en-
dk.structured-products.saxo/. 
 
[Whereby:] 
 
"Adjustment Date" means [●]. [If this day is not [Exchange Business Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date] [●], the immediately succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] 
[Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●] is the relevant Adjustment Date.]] 
 
["Adjustment Time" means [●].] 
 
["Initial Financing Level" equals [●].] 
 
["FLevel(Old)" means the Financing Level on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment. 
 
Following the Initial Financing Spread, "FSpread" means the financing spread, which is set on any Ad-
justment Date to be a value between [●] per cent. [(including)] and [●] per cent. [(including)], as deter-
mined at the Calculation Agent’s reasonable discretion. The "Initial Financing Spread" equals [●] per 
cent.] 
 
["Rate" means [the prevailing rate for deposits in the Financing Level Currency] [(London Interbank 
Offered Rate (LIBOR))] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] [Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] [SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index Av-
erage (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [minus [the]] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] 
[Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] [SA-
RON] [Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [●] as determined 
by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion on the relevant Adjustment Date].] 
 
If (i) the Rate is no longer displayed or is discontinued permanently without an official legal successor 
rate, (ii) a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Rate has been issued that (in circum-
stances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of 
such Rate) it has ceased publishing such Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by 
a specified future date, (iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Rate 
has been issued that, in the view of such supervisor, such Rate is or will, by a specified future date, be 
no longer representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Rate has materi-
ally changed; or (iv) the administrator of the relevant rate fails to obtain or maintain any necessary ap-
provals or registrations, the Issuer is entitled to replace the Rate by another rate (which may include an 
adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative)), representing, at the reasonable discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, an economically comparable concept, (the "Successor Rate"). The Successor Rate 
and the date it is applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay by way of publication 
pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions.]  
 
["Dividend" (if applicable) means [●] [dividend or similar payments, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent at its reasonable discretion, distributed to hypothetical holders of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, 
insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]], whereby the 
ex-dividend day of such payment on the Relevant Exchange is between the current and the immediately 
succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●]].] 
 
["DivFactor" (if applicable) means [●] [a dividend factor, which reflects any taxation applied on divi-
dends. On any Adjustment Date, the DivFactor is determined at the Calculation Agent’s reasonable dis-
cretion to be a value between 0 per cent. (including) and 100 per cent. (including)].]

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
["n" means the number of calendar days from the current Adjustment Date (excluding) to the immediately 
succeeding Adjustment Date (including).] 
 
"Financing Level Currency" means [●].] 
 
["Rollover Adjustment" or, as the case may be "ROA" means the adjustment that applies in case of a 
Rollover. It includes the underlying price adjustment from the Underlying to the Futures Contract with 
the next Expiration Date and the Rollover Costs. The ROA equals zero (0) when there is no Rollover. 
 
The ROA is based on the following formula, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion: 
 
"Rollover Reference Price Old" or, as the case may be "RPold" is the price of the substituted futures 
contract on the Rollover Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion. 
 
"Rollover Reference Price New" or, as the case may be "RPnew" is the price of the substituting futures 
contract on the Rollover Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion.  
 
"Rollover Costs" or, as the case may be "ROC" are the costs that incur from the futures Rollover, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion.] 
4.          Determinations and Calculations in connection with the Option Right 
 
Any determinations and calculations in connection with the Option Right, in particular the calculation of 
the Redemption Amount, will be made by the Calculation Agent. Determinations and calculations made 
in this respect by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
 
§ 2 
Stop Loss Event 
1.          Consequences of the occurrence of a Stop Loss Event 
 
If a Stop Loss Event (§ 2 (3) of these Conditions) occurs, the Option Right expires on such day (the "Stop 
Loss Expiration Date") and the Securities become invalid. In this case, the Securityholder is entitled to 
receive with respect to each Security it holds the Stop Loss Redemption Amount (§ 2 (2) of these Con-
ditions) in the Redemption Currency (also the "Redemption Amount"). 
2.          Stop Loss Redemption Amount 
 
The "Stop Loss Redemption Amount" means [, subject to the payment of the Minimum Settlement 
Amount,] an amount in the Redemption Currency, which is determined by the Calculation Agent at its 
reasonable discretion [, considering the hedging transactions of the Issuer with the Hedging Counter-
party,] [as the fair market price of a Security] on the Stop Loss Expiration Date]. 
3.          Occurrence of a Stop Loss Event 
 
A "Stop Loss Event" shall occur, if 
 
[in the case of Securities with a period related observation add the following text:

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
[at any time] [during ] [the Term of the Securities] [following] [the Fixing Date] [the Issue Date] [the 
Start of the public offer of the Securities] [●]] the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different 
point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] is equal to or above the 
Current Stop Loss Level.] 
 
[in the case of Securities with a record day related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [at [●] hrs. (local time [●] on [the Valuation Date] [the Final Valuation Date] [●] the Price 
of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the 
Base Prospectus: [●]] is equal to or above the Current Stop Loss Level.] 
 
[If, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at their reasonable discretion, a Market Dis-
ruption (§ 11 (3) of these Conditions) prevails on any day relevant for the determination of the occurrence 
of a Stop Loss Event, the Calculation Agent will, at its reasonable discretion and taking into account (i) 
the market conditions then prevailing and (ii) such other conditions or factors as the Issuer and the Cal-
culation Agent reasonably consider to be relevant, estimate the relevant Price of the Underlying or, if in 
the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, 
the relevant Price of the (affected) Basket Component or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the defi-
nition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, the relevant price 
of the affected Component in relation to the occurrence of a Stop Loss Event (which for the avoidance 
of doubt could be zero (0)) on the basis of the latest Prices of the Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, Prices of the 
Basket Component or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Considera-
tion of Components" is specified to be applicable, prices of the affected Component available to the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent.] 
 
[(Regular trading hours on regular trading days apply.)] 
4.          Adjustment of the Stop Loss Level 
 
On each Adjustment Date and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time, the Initial Stop Loss Level 
and, thereafter, any then current Stop Loss Level (each a "Stop Loss Level") is adjusted by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Stop Loss Level (being 
current on such Adjustment Date) is referred to as the "Current Stop Loss Level": 
 
 
 
(The result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [●] decimal places) 
For the avoidance of doubt: For the calculation of the respective subsequent Current Stop Loss Level, 
the Financing Level not rounded will be used. 
 
The Current Stop Loss Level will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding 
the Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [Copen-
hagen, Denmark / Zurich, Switzerland)] [●])]] [●] on website of the Issuer at https://en-dk.structured-
products.saxo/. 
 
[Whereby:] 
 
"Adjustment Date" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
[Following the Initial Stop Loss Premium, the "Stop Loss Premium" is set on any Adjustment Date to be 
a value between [●] per cent. [(including)] and [●] per cent. [(including)], as determined at the Calcula-
tion Agent’s reasonable discretion.]

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
[The "Initial Stop Loss Level" equals [●].] 
 
["Stop Loss Level Currency" means [●].] 
 
§ 3 
Exercise Procedure; Exercise Notice [; Exercise Date] 
1.          Exercise Procedure 
 
The Option Right may in each case [only] be exercised by the Securityholder [every [●]] [, for the first 
time on [●]] [, following [●]] [daily] [on] [a Banking Day [, which also is [an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date,] [within the Exercise Period] ([the] [each an] "Exercise Date" [(If [this 
day] [one of these days] is not an Exchange Business Day, the immediately succeeding Exchange Busi-
ness Day is deemed to be the relevant Exercise Date.)])] [until the Exercise Time] [[the] [any] Exercise 
Date] [(with effect as of such Exercise Date)] and in accordance with the exercise procedure described 
below. 
 
[In the case of Securities providing for a Minimum Exercise Size add the following text: 
2.          Minimum Exercise Size 
 
Except when Automatic Exercise applies, the Option Rights may [, subject to § 2 ([3] [4]) of these Con-
ditions,] only be exercised in a number equal to the Minimum Exercise Size. An exercise of more than 
the Minimum Exercise Size of the Securities that is not an integral multiple thereof will be deemed to be 
an exercise of a number of Securities that is equal to the Minimum Exercise Size or the next lowest 
integral multiple of the Minimum Exercise Size.] 
 
[2.][3.]  Exercise of the Option Rights 
 
For a valid exercise of the Option Rights the following conditions have to be met on the relevant Exercise 
Date until the Exercise Time: 
 
a) The [Paying Agent][Issuer] must receive written and legally signed notice by the Securityholder 
stating his intention to exercise the Option Right securitised in the Security (the "Exercise No-
tice"). The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and binding and shall contain among other things (a) 
the name of the Securityholder, (b) an indication of the number of Securities to be exercised and 
(c) the account of the Securityholder with the Issuer, to which the transfer of the Redemption 
Amount, if any, shall be effected. 
 
b) the effected transfer of the respective Securities to the Issuer by crediting the Securities to the 
client securities account maintained by the Issuer with the Settlement Bank. 
 
If these conditions are met after lapse of the Exercise Time on the Exercise Date, the Option Right shall 
be deemed to be exercised on the immediately succeeding Exercise Date [provided that such day falls 
within the Exercise Period].] 
 
[3.][4.]  Calculations 
 
Upon exercise of the Option Rights as well as determination of [the Reference Price] [the Settlement 
Price] of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised 
in the Base Prospectus: [●]] the Calculation Agent (§ 12 of these Conditions) shall calculate the Re-
demption Amount payable, if any, either corresponding to the number of Securities actually delivered or 
to the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, whichever is lower. In case the number of

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
Securities actually delivered is higher than the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, any 
remaining excess amount with respect to the Securities delivered will be returned to the relevant Securi-
tyholder. 
 
[4.][5.]  Exercise by the Issuer 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled [on each [●]] [and] [, for the first time on [●] (including),] and subject to a 
period of notice of [●], to terminate and redeem the Securities not yet exercised by way of publication 
pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions on any Exercise Date (such day is referred to as the "Issuer Exercise 
Date"), with effect as of such Issuer Exercise Date. 
 
In the case of a redemption by the Issuer in accordance with the paragraph above, the Issuer shall pay to 
each Securityholder an amount equal to the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted 
into the Redemption Currency,] [multiplied by [the Leverage Factor] [the Multiplier] [, expressed as a 
decimal number,]] [and] commercially rounded to [two] [●] decimal places (also the "Redemption 
Amount").

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
TURBO'S XL LONG 
 
§ 1 
Option Right 
1.          Option Right of the Securityholders 
 
The Issuer hereby warrants to the Securityholder (§ 4 (2) of these Conditions) of each (1) Security relating 
to the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying com-
prised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] in accordance with these Conditions that such Securityholder shall 
have the right (the "Option Right") to receive, subject to the occurrence of a Knock Out Event in accord-
ance with § 2 of these Conditions, the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted 
into the Redemption Currency,] [multiplied by [the Leverage Factor] [the Multiplier] [, expressed as a 
decimal number,]] [and] commercially rounded to [two] [●] decimal places (the "Redemption Amount"). 
2.          Settlement Amount 
 
The "Settlement Amount" is 
 
[, subject to the payment of the Minimum Settlement Amount,] calculated in accordance with the follow-
ing formula: 
 
[Max [0.001; (Settlement Price - Current Strike)] 
 
[Max [0.001; (Reference Price - Current Strike)] 
 
[Max [0; (Settlement Price - Current Strike)] 
 
[Max [0; (Reference Price - Current Strike)] 
3.          Adjustment of the Strike 
 
On each Adjustment Date and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time, the Initial Strike and, thereaf-
ter, any then current strike (each the "Strike") is adjusted by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Strike (being current on such Adjustment Date) is 
referred to as "Current Strike": 
 
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two][four] [●] decimal places) 
For the avoidance of doubt: For the calculation of the respective subsequent Current Strike, Strike(Old) not 
rounded will be used.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
The Current Strike will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding the Ad-
justment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])] [●] on the 
website of the Issuer at https://en-dk.structured-products.saxo/. 
 
[Whereby:] 
 
["Adjustment Date" means [●]. [If this day is not [Exchange Business Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date] [●], the immediately succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] 
[Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●] is the relevant Adjustment Date.]]  
 
["Adjustment Time" means [●].] 
 
["Initial Strike" equals [●].] 
 
["Strike(Old)" means the Strike on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment 
 
Following the Initial Financing Spread, "FSpread" means the financing spread, which is set on any Ad-
justment Date to be a value between [●] per cent. [(including)] and [●] per cent. [(including)], as deter-
mined at the Calculation Agent’s reasonable discretion. The "Initial Financing Spread" equals [●].] 
 
["Rate" means [the prevailing rate for deposits in the Financing Level Currency] [(London Interbank 
Offered Rate (LIBOR))] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] [Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] [SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index Av-
erage (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [minus [the]] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] 
[Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] [SA-
RON] [Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [●] as determined 
by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion on the relevant Adjustment Date].] 
 
If (i) the Rate is no longer displayed or is discontinued permanently without an official legal successor 
rate, (ii) a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Rate has been issued that (in circum-
stances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of 
such Rate) it has ceased publishing such Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by 
a specified future date, (iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Rate 
has been issued that, in the view of such supervisor, such Rate is or will, by a specified future date, be 
no longer representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Rate has materi-
ally changed; or (iv) the administrator of the relevant rate fails to obtain or maintain any necessary ap-
provals or registrations, the Issuer is entitled to replace the Rate by another rate (which may include an 
adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative)), representing, at the reasonable discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, an economically comparable concept, (the "Successor Rate"). The Successor Rate 
and the date it is applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay by way of publication 
pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions.]  
 
["Dividend" (if applicable) means [●] [dividend or similar payments, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent at its reasonable discretion, distributed to hypothetical holders of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, 
insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]], whereby the 
ex dividend day of such payment on the Relevant Exchange is between the current and the immediately 
succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●]].] 
 
["Dividend Costs" (applicable only in case of performance indices as Underlying or, as the case may be, 
Basket Component) means an amount, which increases following [the relevant Adjustment Date] [●], on 
which the relevant share of the company included in [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different 
point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] is traded "ex dividend", [the 
Financing Level(Old)] [the Strike(Old) or, as the case may be, the Knock-Out Barrier(Old)] [, provided that

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
this ex dividend day is between the current and the immediately succeeding [Exchange Business Day] 
[[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●]]. The Dividend Costs are determined at Cal-
culation Agent’s reasonable discretion as being those taxes or other charges and costs, which are levied 
in the context of the distribution of the dividends [by way of any withholdings] [, to the extent that these 
may not be credited].][●]]" 
 
["DivFactor" (if applicable) means [●] [a dividend factor, which reflects any taxation applied on divi-
dends. On any Adjustment Date, the Dividend Factor is determined at the Calculation Agent’s reasonable 
discretion to be a value between 0 per cent. (including) and 100 per cent. (including)].] 
 
["n" means the number of calendar days from the current Adjustment Date (excluding) to the immediately 
succeeding Adjustment Date (including).] 
 
["Strike Currency" means [●].] 
 
["Rollover Adjustment" or, as the case may be "ROA" means the adjustment that applies in case of a 
Rollover. It includes the underlying price adjustment from the Underlying to the Futures Contract with 
the next Expiration Date and the Rollover Costs. The ROA equals zero (0) when there is no Rollover. 
 
The ROA is based on the following formula, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion: 
 
"Rollover Reference Price Old" or, as the case may be "RPold" is the price of the substituted futures 
contract on the Rollover Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion. 
 
"Rollover Reference Price New" or, as the case may be "RPnew" is the price of the substituting futures 
contract on the Rollover Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion.  
 
"Rollover Costs" or, as the case may be "ROC" are the costs that incur from the futures Rollover, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion.] 
4.          Determinations and Calculations in connection with the Option Right 
 
Any determinations and calculations in connection with the Option Right, in particular the calculation of 
the Redemption Amount, will be made by the Calculation Agent. Determinations and calculations made 
in this respect by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
 
§ 2 
Knock Out Event 
1.           Consequences of the occurrence of a Knock Out Event 
 
If a Knock Out Event (§ 2 (2) of these Conditions) occurs, the Option Right expires worthless on such 
day (the "Knock Out Expiration Date") and the Securities become invalid. 
2.          Occurrence of a Knock Out Event 
 
A "Knock Out Event" shall occur, if 
 
[in the case of Securities with a period related observation add the following text:

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
[at any time] [during ] [the Term of the Securities] [following] [the Fixing Date] [the Issue Date] [the 
Start of the public offer of the Securities] [●]] the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert differ-
ent point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] is equal to or below the 
Current Knock Out Barrier.] 
 
[in the case of Securities with a record day related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [at [●] hrs. (local time [●] on [the Valuation Date] [the Final Valuation Date] [●] the Price 
of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the 
Base Prospectus: [●]] is equal to or below the Current Knock Out Barrier.] 
 
[(Regular trading hours on regular trading days apply.)] 
3.          Adjustment of the Knock Out Barrier 
 
On each Adjustment Date and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time, the Initial Knock Out Barrier 
and, thereafter, any then current Knock Out Barrier (each a "Knock Out Barrier") is adjusted by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Knock Out 
Barrier (being current on such Adjustment Date) is referred to as the "Current Knock Out Barrier": 
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two][four] [●] decimal places) 
 
For the avoidance of doubt: For the calculation of the respective subsequent Current Knock Out Barrier, 
KOB(Old) not rounded will be used. 
 
The Current Knock Out Barrier will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeed-
ing the Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])]] 
[●] on the website of the Issuer at https://en-dk.structured-products.saxo/. 
 
[Whereby:] 
 
["Adjustment Date" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Adjustment Time" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Initial Knock Out Barrier" equals [●].] 
 
["KOB(Old)" means the Knock Out Barrier on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment.] 
 
["FSpread" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Rate" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Dividend" (if applicable) has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.]

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
["Dividend Costs" (if applicable) has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["DivFactor" (if applicable) has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["n" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Currency of the Knock Out Barrier" means [●].] 
 
["Rollover Adjustment" or, as the case may be "ROA" means the adjustment that applies in case of a 
Rollover. It includes the underlying price adjustment from the Underlying to the Futures Contract with 
the next Expiration Date and the Rollover Costs. The ROA equals zero (0) when there is no Rollover. 
 
The ROA is based on the following formula, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion: 
 
"Rollover Reference Price Old" or, as the case may be "RPold" is the price of the substituted futures 
contract on the Rollover Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion. 
 
"Rollover Reference Price New" or, as the case may be "RPnew" is the price of the substituting futures 
contract on the Rollover Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion.  
 
"Rollover Costs" or, as the case may be "ROC" are the costs that incur from the futures Rollover, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion.] 
 
§ 3 
Exercise Procedure; Exercise Notice [; Exercise Date] 
1.          Exercise Procedure 
 
The Option Right may in each case [only] be exercised by the Securityholder [every [●]] [, for the first 
time on [●]] [, following [●]] [daily] [on] [a Banking Day [, which also is [an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date,] [within the Exercise Period] ([the] [each an] "Exercise Date" [(If [this 
day] [one of these days] is not an Exchange Business Day, the immediately succeeding Exchange Busi-
ness Day is deemed to be the relevant Exercise Date.)])] [until the Exercise Time] [[the] [any] Exercise 
Date] [(with effect as of such Exercise Date)] and in accordance with the exercise procedure described 
below. 
[in the case of Securities providing for a Minimum Exercise Size add the following text: 
2.          Minimum Exercise Size 
 
Except when Automatic Exercise applies, the Option Rights may [, subject to § 2 ([3] [4]) of these Con-
ditions,] only be exercised in a number equal to the Minimum Exercise Size. An exercise of more than 
the Minimum Exercise Size of the Securities that is not an integral multiple thereof will be deemed to be 
an exercise of a number of Securities that is equal to the Minimum Exercise Size or the next lowest 
integral multiple of the Minimum Exercise Size.] 
 
[2.][3.]  Exercise of the Option Rights 
 
For a valid exercise of the Option Rights the following conditions have to be met on the relevant Exercise 
Date until the Exercise Time: 
 
a) The [Paying Agent][Issuer] must receive written and legally signed notice by the Securityholder

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
stating his intention to exercise the Option Right securitised in the Security (the "Exercise No-
tice"). The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and binding and shall contain among other things (a) 
the name of the Securityholder, (b) an indication of the number of Securities to be exercised and 
(c) the account of the Securityholder with the Issuer, to which the transfer of the Redemption 
Amount, if any, shall be effected. 
 
b) the effected transfer of the respective Securities to the Issuer by crediting the Securities to the 
client securities account maintained by the Issuer with the Settlement Bank. 
 
If these conditions are met after lapse of the Exercise Time on the Exercise Date, the Option Right shall 
be deemed to be exercised on the immediately succeeding Exercise Date [provided that such day falls 
within the Exercise Period].] 
 
[3.][4.]  Calculations 
 
Upon exercise of the Option Rights as well as determination of [the Reference Price] [the Settlement 
Price] of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised 
in the Base Prospectus: [●]] the Calculation Agent (§ 12 of these Conditions) shall calculate the Re-
demption Amount payable, if any, either corresponding to the number of Securities actually delivered or 
to the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, whichever is lower. In case the number of 
Securities actually delivered is higher than the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, any 
remaining excess amount with respect to the Securities delivered will be returned to the relevant Securi-
tyholder. 
 
[4.][5.]  Exercise by the Issuer 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled [on each [●]] [and] [, for the first time on [●] (including),] and subject to a 
period of notice of [●], to terminate and redeem the Securities not yet exercised by way of publication 
pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions on any Exercise Date (such day is referred to as the "Issuer Exercise 
Date"), with effect as of such Issuer Exercise Date. 
 
In the case of a redemption by the Issuer in accordance with the paragraph above, the Issuer shall pay to 
each Securityholder an amount equal to the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted 
into the Redemption Currency,] [multiplied by [the Leverage Factor] [the Multiplier] [, expressed as a 
decimal number,]] [and] commercially rounded to [two] [●] decimal places (also the "Redemption 
Amount").

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
TURBO'S XL SHORT 
 
§ 1 
Option Right 
1.          Option Right of the Securityholders 
 
The Issuer hereby warrants to the Securityholder (§ 4 (2) of these Conditions) of each (1) Security relating 
to the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying com-
prised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] in accordance with these Conditions that such Securityholder shall 
have the right (the "Option Right") to receive, subject to the occurrence of a Knock Out Event in accord-
ance with § 2 of these Conditions, the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted 
into the Redemption Currency,] [multiplied by [the Leverage Factor] [the Multiplier] [, expressed as a 
decimal number,]] [and] commercially rounded to [two] [●] decimal places (the "Redemption Amount"). 
2.          Settlement Amount 
 
The "Settlement Amount" is 
 
[, subject to the payment of the Minimum Settlement Amount,] calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
[Max [0.001; (Current Strike - Settlement Price)] 
 
[Max [0.001; (Current Strike - Reference Price)] 
 
[Max [0; (Current Strike - Settlement Price)] 
 
[Max [0; (Current Strike - Reference Price)] 
3.         Adjustment of the Strike 
 
On each Adjustment Date and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time, the Initial Strike and, thereaf-
ter, any then current strike (each the "Strike") is adjusted by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Strike (being current on such Adjustment Date) is 
referred to as "Current Strike": 
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two][four] [●] decimal places) 
 
For the avoidance of doubt: For the calculation of the respective subsequent Current Strike, Strike(Old) not 
rounded will be used.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
The Current Strike will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding the Ad-
justment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])]] [●] on 
the website of the Issuer at https://en-dk.structured-products.saxo/. 
 
[Whereby:] 
 
["Adjustment Date" means [●]. [If this day is not [Exchange Business Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date] [●], the immediately succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] 
[Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●] is the relevant Adjustment Date.]] 
 
["Adjustment Time" means [●].] 
 
["Initial Strike" equals [●].] 
 
["Strike(Old)" means the Strike on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment 
 
Following the Initial Financing Spread, "FSpread" means the financing spread, which is set on any Ad-
justment Date to be a value between [●] per cent. [(including)] and [●] per cent. [(including)], as deter-
mined at the Calculation Agent’s reasonable discretion. The "Initial Financing Spread" equals [●] per 
cent.] 
 
["Rate" means [the prevailing rate for deposits in the Financing Level Currency] [(London Interbank 
Offered Rate (LIBOR))] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] [Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] [SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index Av-
erage (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [minus [the]] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] 
[Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] [SA-
RON] [Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [●] as determined 
by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion on the relevant Adjustment Date].] 
 
If (i) the Rate is no longer displayed or is discontinued permanently without an official legal successor 
rate, (ii) a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Rate has been issued that (in circum-
stances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of 
such Rate) it has ceased publishing such Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by 
a specified future date, (iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Rate 
has been issued that, in the view of such supervisor, such Rate is or will, by a specified future date, be 
no longer representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Rate has materi-
ally changed; or (iv) the administrator of the relevant rate fails to obtain or maintain any necessary ap-
provals or registrations, the Issuer is entitled to replace the Rate by another rate (which may include an 
adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative)), representing, at the reasonable discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, an economically comparable concept, (the "Successor Rate"). The Successor Rate 
and the date it is applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay by way of publication 
pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions.]  
 
["Dividend" (if applicable) means [●] [dividend or similar payments, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent at its reasonable discretion, distributed to hypothetical holders of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, 
insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]], whereby the 
ex dividend day of such payment on the Relevant Exchange is between the current and the immediately 
succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] [●]].] 
 
["DivFactor" (if applicable) means [●] [a dividend factor, which reflects any taxation applied on divi-
dends. On any Adjustment Date, the Dividend Factor is determined at the Calculation Agent’s reasonable 
discretion to be a value between 0 per cent. (including) and 100 per cent. (including)].]

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
["n" means the number of calendar days from the current Adjustment Date (excluding) to the immediately 
succeeding Adjustment Date (including).] 
 
["Strike Currency" means [●].] 
 
["Rollover Adjustment" or, as the case may be "ROA" means the adjustment that applies in case of a 
Rollover. It includes the underlying price adjustment from the Underlying to the Futures Contract with 
the next Expiration Date and the Rollover Costs. The ROA equals zero (0) when there is no Rollover. 
 
The ROA is based on the following formula, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion: 
 
"Rollover Reference Price Old" or, as the case may be "RPold" is the price of the substituted futures 
contract on the Rollover Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion. 
 
"Rollover Reference Price New" or, as the case may be "RPnew" is the price of the substituting futures 
contract on the Rollover Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion.  
 
"Rollover Costs" or, as the case may be "ROC" are the costs that incur from the futures Rollover, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion.] 
4.          Determinations and Calculations in connection with the Option Right 
 
Any determinations and calculations in connection with the Option Right, in particular the calculation of 
the Redemption Amount, will be made by the Calculation Agent. Determinations and calculations made 
in this respect by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
 
§ 2 
Knock Out Event 
1.          Consequences of the occurrence of a Knock Out Event 
 
If a Knock Out Event (§ 2 (2) of these Conditions) occurs, the Option Right expires worthless on such 
day (the "Knock Out Expiration Date") and the Securities become invalid. 
2.          Occurrence of a Knock Out Event 
 
A "Knock Out Event" shall occur, if 
 
[in the case of Securities with a period related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [during ] [the Term of the Securities] [following] [the Fixing Date] [the Issue Date] [the 
Start of the public offer of the Securities] [●]] the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different 
point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] is equal to or above the 
Current Knock Out Barrier.] 
 
[in the case of Securities with a record day related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [at [●] hrs. (local time [●] on [the Valuation Date] [the Final Valuation Date] [●] the Price 
of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the 
Base Prospectus: [●]] is equal to or above the Current Knock Out Barrier.]

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
[(Regular trading hours on regular trading days apply.)] 
3.          Adjustment of the Knock Out Barrier 
 
On each Adjustment Date and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time, the Initial Knock Out Barrier 
and, thereafter, any then current Knock Out Barrier (each a "Knock Out Barrier") is adjusted by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Knock Out 
Barrier (being current on such Adjustment Date) is referred to as the "Current Knock Out Barrier": 
 
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two][four] [●] decimal places) 
For the avoidance of doubt: For the calculation of the respective subsequent Current Knock Out Barrier, 
KOB(Old) not rounded will be used. 
 
The Current Knock Out Barrier will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeed-
ing the Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])]] 
[●] on the website of the Issuer at https://en-dk.structured-products.saxo/. 
 
[Whereby:] 
 
["Adjustment Date" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Adjustment Time" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Initial Knock Out Barrier" equals [●].] 
 
["KOB(Old)" means the Knock Out Barrier on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment.] 
 
["FSpread" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Rate" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Dividend" (if applicable) has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["DivFactor" (if applicable) has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["n" has the meaning as given to it in § 1 (3) of these Conditions.] 
 
["Currency of the Knock Out Barrier" means [●].] 
 
["Rollover Adjustment" or, as the case may be "ROA" means the adjustment that applies in case of a 
Rollover. It includes the underlying price adjustment from the Underlying to the Futures Contract with 
the next Expiration Date and the Rollover Costs. The ROA equals zero (0) when there is no Rollover.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
The ROA is based on the following formula, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion: 
 
 
"Rollover Reference Price Old" or, as the case may be "RPold" is the price of the substituted futures 
contract on the Rollover Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion. 
 
"Rollover Reference Price New" or, as the case may be "RPnew" is the price of the substituting futures 
contract on the Rollover Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion.  
 
"Rollover Costs" or, as the case may be "ROC" are the costs that incur from the futures Rollover, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion.] 
 
 
§ 3 
Exercise Procedure; Exercise Notice [; Exercise Date] 
1.          Exercise Procedure 
 
The Option Right may in each case [only] be exercised by the Securityholder [every [●]] [, for the first 
time on [●]] [, following [●]] [daily] [on] [a Banking Day [, which also is [an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date,] [within the Exercise Period] ([the] [each an] "Exercise Date" [(If [this 
day] [one of these days] is not an Exchange Business Day, the immediately succeeding Exchange Busi-
ness Day is deemed to be the relevant Exercise Date.)])] [until the Exercise Time] [[the] [any] Exercise 
Date] [(with effect as of such Exercise Date)] and in accordance with the exercise procedure described 
below. 
 
[in the case of Securities providing for a Minimum Exercise Size add the following text: 
2.          Minimum Exercise Size 
 
Except when Automatic Exercise applies, the Option Rights may [, subject to § 2 ([3] [4]) of these Con-
ditions,] only be exercised in a number equal to the Minimum Exercise Size. An exercise of more than 
the Minimum Exercise Size of the Securities that is not an integral multiple thereof will be deemed to be 
an exercise of a number of Securities that is equal to the Minimum Exercise Size or the next lowest 
integral multiple of the Minimum Exercise Size.] 
 
[2.][3.]  Exercise of the Option Rights 
 
For a valid exercise of the Option Rights the following conditions have to be met on the relevant Exercise 
Date until the Exercise Time: 
 
a) The [Paying Agent][Issuer] must receive written and legally signed notice by the Securityholder 
stating his intention to exercise the Option Right securitised in the Security (the "Exercise No-
tice"). The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and binding and shall contain among other things (a) 
the name of the Securityholder, (b) an indication of the number of Securities to be exercised and 
(c) the account of the Securityholder with the Issuer, to which the transfer of the Redemption 
Amount, if any, shall be effected. 
 
b) the effected transfer of the respective Securities to the Issuer by crediting the Securities to the 
client securities account maintained by the Issuer with the Settlement Bank.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
If these conditions are met after lapse of the Exercise Time on the Exercise Date, the Option Right shall 
be deemed to be exercised on the immediately succeeding Exercise Date [provided that such day falls 
within the Exercise Period].] 
 
[3.][4.]  Calculations 
 
Upon exercise of the Option Rights as well as determination of [the Reference Price] [the Settlement 
Price] of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised 
in the Base Prospectus: [●]] the Calculation Agent (§ 12 of these Conditions) shall calculate the Re-
demption Amount payable, if any, either corresponding to the number of Securities actually delivered or 
to the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, whichever is lower. In case the number of 
Securities actually delivered is higher than the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, any 
remaining excess amount with respect to the Securities delivered will be returned to the relevant Securi-
tyholder. 
 
[4.][5.]  Exercise by the Issuer 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled [on each [●]] [and] [, for the first time on [●] (including),] and subject to a 
period of notice of [●], to terminate and redeem the Securities not yet exercised by way of publication 
pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions on any Exercise Date (such day is referred to as the "Issuer Exercise 
Date"), with effect as of such Issuer Exercise Date. 
 
In the case of a redemption by the Issuer in accordance with the paragraph above, the Issuer shall pay to 
each Securityholder an amount equal to the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted 
into the Redemption Currency,] [multiplied by [the Leverage Factor] [the Multiplier] [, expressed as a 
decimal number,]] [and] commercially rounded to [two] [●] decimal places (also the "Redemption 
Amount").

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
FACTOR (LONG) CERTIFICATES 
 
§ 1 
Option Right 
1.          Option Right of the Securityholders 
 
The Issuer hereby warrants to the Securityholder (§ 4 (2) of these Conditions) of each (1) Security relat-
ing to the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying 
comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]] in accordance with these Conditions that such Securityholder 
shall have the right (the "Option Right") to receive, subject to the occurrence of a Knock Out Event in 
accordance with § 2 of these Conditions, the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, con-
verted into the Redemption Currency,] multiplied by Conversion Ratio (§ 1 (4)) and commercially 
rounded to [two] [four] [•] decimal places (the "Redemption Amount"). 
2.          Settlement Amount 
 
The "Settlement Amount" is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(
)


Strike
 
Current
 - 
Price
 
Settlement
 
0.001;
Max 
 
 
(
)


Strike
 
Current
 - 
Price
 
Settlement
 
0;
Max 
 
3.          Adjustment of the Strike 
 
On each [Adjustment Date] [•] [and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time] [•]], the Initial Strike 
and, thereafter, any then current strike (each the "Strike") is adjusted by the Calculation Agent, subject 
to the occurrence of a Reset Event (as defined in the section "Conditions of the Securities – Product 
Terms Part 1: Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities"), in accordance with the following formula, 
whereby the so adjusted new Strike (being current on such Adjustment Date) is referred to as "Current 
Strike": 
 
a) If a Reset Event (as defined in the section "Conditions of the Securities – Product Terms Part 1: 
Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities") has not occurred [and a Rollover has not occured], 
the Current Strike is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Price
 
Reference
 * 
Factor
 
Leverage
 1 -
Factor
 
Leverage
 
 
Leverage Faktor-1
Leverage Faktor *[Relevant] Price of the Underlying 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [•] decimal places). 
 
b) If a Reset Event has not occurred but a Rollover has occurred, the Current Strike is calculated in 
accordance with the following formula:  
 
Leverage Factor-1
Leverage Factor *RPnew 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two][four] [•] decimal places).

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
c) If a Reset Event has occurred, the Current Strike is calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
Price
 
Event
 
Reset
 
* 
Factor
 
Leverage
 1 -
Factor
 
Leverage
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [•] decimal places). 
 
The Current Strike will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding the Ad-
justment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])] [●] on the 
website of the Issuer at https://en-dk.structured-products.saxo/. 
 
[Whereby:] 
 
"Adjustment Date" [means [•]. [If this day is not [Exchange Business Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date] [•], the immediately succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] 
[Basket Component] Calculation Date] [•] is the relevant Adjustment Date]]. 
 
["Initial Strike" [equals [•]].] 
 
["Adjustment Time" [means [•]].] 
 
["[Relevant] Price of the Underlying" or "RPU" [means [•]].] 
 
"Reference Price" is as defined in § 1 (6) of these Conditions. 
 
["Reset Event Price" [•] [equals the reset event price, as determined at the Calculation Agent's reasonable 
discretion].] 
 
"Rollover Reference Price New" or, as the case may be "RPnew" is the price of the substituting futures 
contract on the Rollover Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion.  
4.          Adjustment of the Conversion Ratio 
 
On each [Adjustment Date] [•] [and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time] [•]], the Initial Conver-
sion Ratio and, thereafter, any then current conversion ratio (each the "Conversion Ratio") is adjusted by 
the Calculation Agent, subject to the occurrence of a Reset Event (as defined in the section "Conditions 
of the Securities – Product Terms Part 1: Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities"), in accordance 
with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Conversion Ratio (being current on such Ad-
justment Date) is referred to as "Current Conversion Ratio": 
 
a) If a Reset Event (as defined in the section "Conditions of the Securities – Product Terms Part 1: 
Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities") has not occurred[and a Rollover has not occurred], 
the Current Conversion Ratio is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(
)
 
CFAR
 * 
0
 ;
Strike
 - 
Price
 
Settlement
max 
 * 
CR
 * 
Price
 
Reference
Factor
 
Leverage
(old)
(old)
 
 
(
)
 
CFAR
 * 
0
 ;
Strike
 - 
Price
 
Reference
max 
 * 
CR
 * 
Price
 
Reference
Factor
 
Leverage
(old)
(old)
 
 
(
)
 
CFAR
 
* 
0
 ;
Strike
 -
  
Underlying
 
the
 
of
 
Price
 
[Relevant]
 
max
 
* 
CR
 
* 
Price
 
Reference
Factor
 
Leverage
(old)
(old)

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Leverage Factor
RPU
*CRold* max(RPU- Strikeold;0) *CFAR 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [twelve] [●] decimal places). 
 
b) If a Reset Event has not occurred but a Rollover has occurred, the Current Conversion Ratio is 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Leverage Factor
RPnew
*CRold* max(RPold- Strike(old);0) *CFAR 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [twelve] [●] decimal places). 
 
 
c) If a Reset Event has occurred, the Current Conversion Ratio is calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
(
) 
0
 ;
Strike
 - 
Price
 
Event
 
Reset
max 
 * 
CR
 * 
Price
 
Event
 
Reset
 
Factor
 
Leverage
(old)
(old)
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [twelve] [●] decimal places). 
 
The Conversion Ratio will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding the 
Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])] [●] on 
the website of the Issuer at https://en-dk.structured-products.saxo/. 
 
Whereby: 
 
"CFAR" means the Current Fee Adjustment Ratio as defined in § 1 (5) of these Conditions. 
 
["Initial Conversion Ratio" [equals [•]].] 
 
"CR(old)" means the Conversion Ratio on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment. 
 
["[Relevant] Price of the Underlying" or "RPU" [means [•]].] 
 
["Reset Event Price" [•] [equals the reset event price, as determined at the Calculation Agent's reasonable 
discretion].] 
 
"Rollover Reference Price Old" or, as the case may be "RPold" is the price of the substituted futures 
contract on the Rollover Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion.  
 
"Strike(Old)" means the Strike on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment. 
5.          Adjustment of the Fee Adjustment Ratio 
 
On each [Adjustment Date] [•] [and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time] [•]], the Initial Fee 
Adjustment Ratio and, thereafter, any then current fee adjustment ratio (each the "Fee Adjustment Ratio") 
is adjusted by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted 
new Fee Adjustment Ratio (being current on such Adjustment Date) is referred to as "Current Fee Ad-
justment Ratio" or "CFAR": 
 
(
) (
)
(
) 
FSpread
 
 
Rate
*
1
 - 
Factor
 
Leverage
 
Fee
 
Security
 
* 
360
 
n
1
+
+
−

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [twelve] [●] decimal places). 
 
a) If a Rollover has not occurred, the Current Fee Adjustment Ratio is calculated in accordance 
with the following formula:  
 
 
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [twelve] [●] decimal places). 
 
b) If a Rollover has occurred, the Current Fee Adjustment Ratio is calculated in accordance with 
the following formula:  
 
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [twelve] [●] decimal places). 
The Fee Adjustment Ratio will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding 
the Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])] [●] 
on the website of the Issuer at https://en-dk.structured-products.saxo/. 
 
Whereby: 
 
["Initial Fee Adjustment Ratio" [equals [•]].] 
 
Following the Initial Financing Spread, "FSpread" means the financing spread, which is set on any Ad-
justment Date to be a value between [•] per cent. and [•] per cent., as determined at the Calculation 
Agent's reasonable discretion. 
 
[The "Initial Financing Spread" [equals [•] per cent].] 
 
["n" means the number of days from the current Adjustment Date (excluding) to the immediately suc-
ceeding Adjustment Date (including).] 
 
["Rate" means [the prevailing rate for deposits in the Financing Level Currency] [(London Interbank 
Offered Rate (LIBOR))] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] [Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] [SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index Av-
erage (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [minus [the]] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] 
[Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] [SA-
RON] [Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [●] as determined 
by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion on the relevant Adjustment Date].] 
 
If (i) the Rate is no longer displayed or is discontinued permanently without an official legal successor 
rate, (ii) a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Rate has been issued that (in circum-
stances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of 
such Rate) it has ceased publishing such Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by 
a specified future date, (iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Rate

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
has been issued that, in the view of such supervisor, such Rate is or will, by a specified future date, be 
no longer representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Rate has materi-
ally changed; or (iv) the administrator of the relevant rate fails to obtain or maintain any necessary ap-
provals or registrations, the Issuer is entitled to replace the Rate by another rate (which may include an 
adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative)), representing, at the reasonable discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, an economically comparable concept, (the "Successor Rate"). The Successor Rate 
and the date it is applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay by way of publication 
pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions.]  
 
["Rollover Costs" or, as the case may be "ROC" are the costs that incur from the futures Rollover, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion.  
 
"Rollover Reference Price New" or, as the case may be "RPnew" is the price of the substituting futures 
contract on the Rollover Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion.] 
 
Following the Initial Security Fee, "Security Fee" means a security fee, which is set on any Adjustment 
Date to be a value between [•] per cent. and [•] per cent., as determined at the Calculation Agent's rea-
sonable discretion. 
 
[The "Initial Security Fee" [equals [•] per cent].] 
6.         Calculation of the Reference Price 
 
On each [Adjustment Date] [•] [and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time] [•]], the relevant "Ref-
erence Price" is calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
[in case of a performance index as the Underlying or a Basket Component insert: 
 
(
)
DivCosts
 
 
DivFactor
 
* 
Dividend
 - 
Price
 
Settlement
+
 
 
(
)
DivCosts
 
 
DivFactor
 
* 
Dividend
 - 
Underlying
 
the
 
of
 
Price
 
[Relevant]
+
 
 
[in case of any other Underlyings or Basket Components insert: 
 
(
)
DivFactor
 
* 
Dividend
 - 
Price
 
Settlement
 
 
(
)
DivFactor
 
* 
Dividend
 - 
Underlying
 
the
 
of
 
Price
 
[Relevant]
 
 
Whereby: 
 
["Dividend" means [•] [dividend or similar payments, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its rea-
sonable discretion, distributed to hypothetical holders of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different 
point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]], whereby the ex dividend day 
of such payment on the Relevant Exchange is between the current and the immediately succeeding [Ex-
change Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] [•]].] 
 
["DivFactor" means [•] [a dividend factor, which reflects any taxation applied on Dividends. On any 
Adjustment Date, the Dividend Factor is determined at the Calculation Agent's reasonable discretion to 
be a value between [0][•] per cent. (including) and [100][•] per cent. (including)].] 
 
[in case of a performance index as the Underlying or a Basket Component insert:

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
"Dividend Costs" means [•] [an amount, which increases following [the relevant Adjustment Date] [•], 
on which the relevant share of the company included in [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different 
point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]] is traded "ex dividend", the 
Strike(Old) [or, as the case may be, [the Knock-Out Barrier(Old)] [•]] [, provided that this ex dividend day 
is between the current and the immediately succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket 
Component] Calculation Date] [•]]. The Dividend Costs are determined at Calculation Agent's reasona-
ble discretion as being those taxes or other charges and costs, which are levied in the context of the 
distribution of the dividends [by way of any withholdings] [, to the extent that these may not be cred-
ited].]]] 
 
[6.] [7.] Calculation of the Current Reset Barrier 
 
On each [Adjustment Date] [•] [and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time] [•]], the Initial Current 
Reset Barrier and, thereafter, any then current reset barrier (each the "Reset Barrier") is adjusted by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Current Reset 
Barrier [(being current on such Adjustment Date)] [•] is referred to as "Current Reset Barrier": 
 
(
)
Premium
 
Loss
 
Stop
1
 * 
Strike
 
Current
+
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [•] decimal places). 
 
[Following the Initial Stop Loss Premium, the "Stop Loss Premium" is set on any Adjustment Date to be 
a value between [•] per cent. and [•] per cent., as determined at the Calculation Agent's reasonable dis-
cretion.] 
 
The Current Reset Barrier will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding the 
Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])] [●] on 
the website of the Issuer at https://en-dk.structured-products.saxo/. 
 
[Whereby: 
 
[The "Initial Stop Loss Premium" [equals [•] per cent].] 
 
[The "Initial Current Reset Barrier" [equals [•]].]] 
[7.] [8.] Determinations and Calculations in connection with the Option Right 
 
Any determinations and calculations in connection with the Option Right, in particular the calculation of 
the Redemption Amount, will be made by the Calculation Agent. Determinations and calculations made 
in this respect by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
 
§ 2 
Knock Out Event 
1.          Consequences of the occurrence of a Knock Out Event 
 
If a Knock Out Event (§ 2 (3) of these Conditions) occurs, the Option Right expires on such day (the 
"Knock Out Expiration Date") and the Securities become invalid.  
 
[In this case, the Securityholder is not entitled to receive any payment with respect to each Security it 
holds.]

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
[In this case, the Securityholder is entitled to receive with respect to each Security it holds the Knock Out 
Redemption Amount (§ 2 (2) of these Conditions) in the Redemption Currency (also the "Redemption 
Amount"). 
2.          Knock Out Redemption Amount 
 
The "Knock Out Redemption Amount" means an amount in the Redemption Currency equal to [the Min-
imum Settlement Amount] [•].] 
3.          Occurrence of a Knock Out Event 
 
A "Knock Out Event" shall occur, if 
 
[in the case of Securities with a period related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [during ] [the Term of the Securities] [following] [the Fixing Date] [the Issue Date] [the 
Start of the public offer of the Securities] [•]] the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different 
point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]] is [equal to or] below the 
Current Strike.] 
 
[in the case of Securities with a record day related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [at [•] hrs. (local time [Copenhagen, Denmark] [London, United Kingdom])] on [the Valu-
ation Date] [the Final Valuation Date] [the Observation Date] [an Observation Date] [a Valuation Aver-
aging Date] [•] the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an 
Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]] is [equal to or] below the Current Strike.] 
 
[If, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at their reasonable discretion, a Market Dis-
ruption (§ 11 (3) of these Conditions) prevails on any day relevant for the determination of the occurrence 
of a Knock Out Event, the Calculation Agent will, at its reasonable discretion and taking into account 
(i) the market conditions then prevailing and (ii) such other conditions or factors as the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent reasonably consider to be relevant, estimate the relevant Price of the Underlying or, if 
in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, 
the relevant Price of the (affected) Basket Component or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the defi-
nition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, the relevant price 
of the affected Component in relation to the occurrence of a Knock Out Event (which for the avoidance 
of doubt could be zero (0)) on the basis of the latest Prices of the Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, Prices of the 
Basket Component or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Considera-
tion of Components" is specified to be applicable, prices of the affected Component available to the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent.] 
 
[(Regular trading hours on regular trading days apply.)] 
 
§ 3 
Exercise Procedure; Exercise Notice [; Exercise Date] 
1.          Exercise Procedure 
 
The Option Right may in each case [only] be exercised by the Securityholder [every [•]] [of a calendar 
month [•]] [, for the first time on [•]] [, following [•]] [daily] [on] [a Banking Day [, which also is [an 
Underlying] [a Basket Component] Calculation Date,] [within the Exercise Period] ([the] [each an] "Ex-
ercise Date" [(If [this day] [one of these days] is not an Exchange Business Day, the immediately

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
succeeding Exchange Business Day is deemed to be the relevant Exercise Date.)])] [until the Exercise 
Time] [[the] [any] Exercise Date] [(with effect as of such Exercise Date)] and in accordance with the 
exercise procedure described below. 
 
[in the case of Securities providing for a Minimum Exercise Size add the following text: 
2.          Minimum Exercise Size 
 
The Option Rights may [, subject to § 2 ([3] [4]) of these Conditions,] only be exercised in a number 
equal to the Minimum Exercise Size. An exercise of less than the Minimum Exercise Size of the Securi-
ties will be invalid and ineffective. An exercise of more than the Minimum Exercise Size of the Securities 
that is not an integral multiple thereof will be deemed to be an exercise of a number of Securities that is 
equal to the Minimum Exercise Size or the next lowest integral multiple of the Minimum Exercise Size.] 
 
[2.][3.] Exercise of the Option Rights 
 
For a valid exercise of the Option Rights [, becoming effective as of the relevant Securityholder's Effec-
tive Date,] the following conditions have to be met on the relevant Exercise Date until the Exercise Time: 
 
a) The [Paying Agent][Issuer] must receive written and legally signed notice by the Securityholder 
stating his intention to exercise the Option Right securitised in the Security (the "Exercise No-
tice"). The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and binding and shall contain among other things (a) 
the name of the Securityholder, (b) an indication of the number of Securities to be exercised and 
(c) the account of the Securityholder with the Issuer, to which the transfer of the Redemption 
Amount, if any, shall be effected. 
 
b) the effected transfer of the respective Securities to the Issuer by crediting the Securities to the 
client securities account maintained by the Issuer with the Settlement Bank. 
 
If these conditions are met after lapse of the Exercise Time on the Exercise Date, the Option Right shall 
be deemed to be exercised on the immediately succeeding Exercise Date [provided that such day falls 
within the Exercise Period].] 
 
[3.][4.]  Calculations 
 
Upon exercise of the Option Rights as well as determination of [the Reference Price] [the Settlement 
Price] of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised 
in the Base Prospectus: [●]] the Calculation Agent (§ 12 of these Conditions) shall calculate the Re-
demption Amount payable, if any, either corresponding to the number of Securities actually delivered or 
to the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, whichever is lower. In case the number of 
Securities actually delivered is higher than the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, any 
remaining excess amount with respect to the Securities delivered will be returned to the relevant Securi-
tyholder. 
 
[4.][5.]  Exercise by the Issuer 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled [on each [●]] [and] [, for the first time on [●] (including),] and subject to a 
period of notice of [●], to terminate and redeem the Securities not yet exercised by way of publication 
pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions on any Exercise Date (such day is referred to as the "Issuer Exercise 
Date"), with effect as of such Issuer Exercise Date. 
 
In the case of a redemption by the Issuer in accordance with the paragraph above, the Issuer shall pay to 
each Securityholder an amount equal to the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
into the Redemption Currency,] multiplied by the Conversion Ratio (§ 1 (4) of these Conditions) and 
commercially rounded to [two] [four] [●] decimal places (also the "Redemption Amount").

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
FACTOR (SHORT) CERTIFICATES 
 
§ 1 
Option Right 
1.          Option Right of the Securityholders 
 
The Issuer hereby warrants to the Securityholder (§ 4 (2) of these Conditions) of each (1) Security relat-
ing to the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying 
comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]] in accordance with these Conditions that such Securityholder 
shall have the right (the "Option Right") to receive, subject to the occurrence of a Knock Out Event in 
accordance with § 2 of these Conditions, the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, con-
verted into the Redemption Currency,] multiplied by Conversion Ratio (§ 1 (4)) and commercially 
rounded to [two] [four] [•] decimal places (the "Redemption Amount"). 
2.          Settlement Amount 
 
The "Settlement Amount" is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(
)


Price
 
Settlement
 - 
Strike
 
Current
 
0.001;
Max 
 
 
(
)


Price
 
Settlement
 - 
Strike
 
Current
 
0;
Max 
 
3.          Adjustment of the Strike 
 
On each [Adjustment Date] [•] [and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time] [•]], the Initial Strike 
and, thereafter, any then current strike (each the "Strike") is adjusted by the Calculation Agent, subject 
to the occurrence of a Reset Event (as defined in the section "Conditions of the Securities – Product 
Terms Part 1: Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities"), in accordance with the following formula, 
whereby the so adjusted new Strike (being current on such Adjustment Date) is referred to as "Current 
Strike": 
 
a) If a Reset Event (as defined in the section "Conditions of the Securities – Product Terms Part 1: 
Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities") has not occurred [and a Rollover has not occurred], 
the Current Strike is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Price
 
Reference
 * 
Factor
 
Leverage
 1 
Factor
 
Leverage
+
 
 
Leverage Factor+1
Leverage Factor *Reference price of the Underlying 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [•] decimal places). 
 
b) If a Reset Event has not occurred but a Rollover has occurred, the Current Conversion Ratio is 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Leverage Factor+1
Leverage Factor *RPnew 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [●] decimal places).

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
c) If a Reset Event has occurred, the Current Strike is calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
Price
 
Event
 
Reset
 * 
Factor
 
Leverage
 1 
Factor
 
Leverage
+
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [•] decimal places). 
 
 
The Current Strike will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding the Ad-
justment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])] [●] on the 
website of the Issuer at https://en-dk.structured-products.saxo/. 
 
[Whereby:] 
 
"Adjustment Date" [means [•]. [If this day is not [Exchange Business Day] [[an Underlying] [a Basket 
Component] Calculation Date] [•], the immediately succeeding [Exchange Business Day] [[Underlying] 
[Basket Component] Calculation Date] [•] is the relevant Adjustment Date]]. 
 
["Initial Strike" [equals [•]].] 
 
["Adjustment Time" [means [•]].] 
 
["[Relevant] Price of the Underlying" or "RPU" [means [•]].] 
 
"Reference Price" is as defined in § 1 (6) of these Conditions. 
 
["Reset Event Price" [•] [equals the reset event price, as determined at the Calculation Agent's reasonable 
discretion].] 
 
"Rollover Reference Price New" or, as the case my be "RPnew" is the price of the substituting futures 
contract on the Rollover Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion.  
4.          Adjustment of the Conversion Ratio 
 
On each [Adjustment Date] [•] [and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time] [•]], the Initial Conver-
sion Ratio and, thereafter, any then current conversion ratio (each the "Conversion Ratio") is adjusted by 
the Calculation Agent, subject to the occurrence of a Reset Event (as defined in the section "Conditions 
of the Securities – Product Terms Part 1: Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities"), in accordance 
with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Conversion Ratio (being current on such Ad-
justment Date) is referred to as "Current Conversion Ratio": 
 
a) If a Reset Event (as defined in the section "Conditions of the Securities – Product Terms Part 1: 
Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities") has not occurred[and a Rollover has not occurred], 
the Current Conversion Ratio is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(
)
 
CFAR
 * 
0
 ;
Price
 
Settlement
-
Strike
max 
 * 
CR
 * 
Price
 
Reference
Factor
 
Leverage
(old)
(old)
 
 
(
)
 
CFAR
 * 
0
 ;
Price
 
Reference
-
Strike
max 
 * 
CR
 * 
Price
 
Reference
 
Factor
 
Leverage
(old)
(old)
 
 
(
)
 
CFAR
 
* 
0
 ;
Underlying
 
the
 
of
 
Price
 
[Relevant]
 
 
Strike
 
max
 
* 
CR
 
* 
Price
 
Reference
Factor
 
Leverage
(old)
(old)
−

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
Leverage Factor
RPU
*CRold* max(Strikeold-RPU ;0) *CFAR 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [twelve] [•] decimal places). 
 
b) If a Reset Event has not occurred but a Rollover has occurred, the Current Conversion Ratio is 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Leverage Factor
RPnew
*CR(old) *max (Strike(Old) −RPold; 0)𝑥 CFAR 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [twelve] [●] decimal places). 
 
c) If a Reset Event has occurred, the Current Conversion Ratio is calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
(
) 
0
 ;
Price
 
Event
 
Reset
-
Strike
max 
 
*
 
CR
 
*
 
Price
 
Event
 
Reset
Factor
 
Leverage
(old)
(old)
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [twelve] [•] decimal places). 
 
The Conversion Ratio will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding the 
Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])] [●] on 
the website of the Issuer at https://en-dk.structured-products.saxo/. 
 
Whereby: 
 
"CFAR" means the Current Fee Adjustment Ratio as defined in § 1 (5) of these Conditions. 
 
["Initial Conversion Ratio" [equals [•]].] 
 
"CR(old)" means the Conversion Ratio on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment. 
 
["[Relevant] Price of the Underlying" or "RPU" [means [•]].] 
 
["Reset Event Price" [•] [equals the reset event price, as determined at the Calculation Agent's reasonable 
discretion].] 
 
"Rollover Reference Price Old" or, as the case may be "RPold" is the price of the substituted futures 
contract on the Rollover Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion.  
 
"Strike(Old)" means the Strike on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment. 
5.          Adjustment of the Fee Adjustment Ratio 
 
On each [Adjustment Date] [•] [and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time] [•]], the Initial Fee 
Adjustment Ratio and, thereafter, any then current fee adjustment ratio (each the "Fee Adjustment Ratio") 
is adjusted by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted 
new Fee Adjustment Ratio (being current on such Adjustment Date) is referred to as "Current Fee Ad-
justment Ratio" or "CFAR": 
 
1 −n
360 ∗(Security Fee −(Leverage Factor + 1) ∗(Rate −FS Spread))

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [twelve] [●] decimal places). 
 
 
a) If a Rollover has not occurred, the Current Fee Adjustment Ratio is calculated in accordance 
with the following formula:  
 
 
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [twelve] [●] decimal places). 
 
b) If a Rollover has occurred, the Current Fee Adjustment Ratio is calculated in accordance with 
the following formula:  
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [twelve] [●] decimal places). 
 
The Fee Adjustment Ratio will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding 
the Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])] [●] 
on the website of the Issuer at https://en-dk.structured-products.saxo/. 
 
Whereby: 
 
["Initial Fee Adjustment Ratio" [equals [•]].] 
 
Following the Initial Financing Spread, "FSpread" means the financing spread, which is set on any Ad-
justment Date to be a value between [•] per cent. and [•] per cent., as determined at the Calculation 
Agent's reasonable discretion. 
 
[The "Initial Financing Spread" [equals [•] per cent].] 
 
["n" means the number of days from the current Adjustment Date (excluding) to the immediately suc-
ceeding Adjustment Date (including).] 
 
["Rate" means [the prevailing rate for deposits in the Financing Level Currency] [(London Interbank 
Offered Rate (LIBOR))] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] [Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] [SARON] [Sterling Overnight Index Av-
erage (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [minus [the]] [Euro Short-term Rate (€STR)] [€STR] 
[Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)] [SOFR] [Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON)] [SA-
RON] [Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA)] [SONIA] [●] [-Overnight-Rate] [●] as determined 
by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion on the relevant Adjustment Date].] 
 
If (i) the Rate is no longer displayed or is discontinued permanently without an official legal successor 
rate, (ii) a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Rate has been issued that (in

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publi-
cation of such Rate) it has ceased publishing such Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease 
to do so by a specified future date, (iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Rate has been issued that, in the view of such supervisor, such Rate is or will, by a specified 
future date, be no longer representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such 
Rate has materially changed; or (iv) the administrator of the relevant rate fails to obtain or maintain any 
necessary approvals or registrations, the Issuer is entitled to replace the Rate by another rate (which may 
include an adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative)), representing, at the reasonable dis-
cretion of the Calculation Agent, an economically comparable concept, (the "Successor Rate"). The Suc-
cessor Rate and the date it is applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay by way of 
publication pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions.]  
 
["Rollover Costs" or, as the case may be "ROC" are the costs that incur from the futures Rollover, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion. 
 
"Rollover Reference Price New" or, as the case may be "RPnew" is the price of the substituting futures 
contract on the Rollover Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion.] 
 
Following the Initial Security Fee, "Security Fee" means a security fee, which is set on any Adjustment 
Date to be a value between [•] per cent. and [•] per cent., as determined at the Calculation Agent's rea-
sonable discretion. 
 
[The "Initial Security Fee" [equals [•] per cent].] 
6.         Calculation of the Reference Price 
 
On each [Adjustment Date] [•] [and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time] [•]], the relevant "Ref-
erence Price" is calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(
)
DivFactor
 * 
Dividend
 - 
Price
 
Settlement
 
 
(
)
DivFactor
 * 
Dividend
 - 
Underlying
 
the
 
of
 
Price
 
[Relevant]
 
 
Whereby: 
 
["Dividend" means [•] [dividend or similar payments, as determined by the Calculation Agent at its rea-
sonable discretion, distributed to hypothetical holders of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different 
point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]], whereby the ex dividend day 
of such payment on the Relevant Exchange is between the current and the immediately succeeding [Ex-
change Business Day] [[Underlying] [Basket Component] Calculation Date] [•]].] 
 
["DivFactor" means [•] [a dividend factor, which reflects any taxation applied on Dividends. On any 
Adjustment Date, the Dividend Factor is determined at the Calculation Agent's reasonable discretion to 
be a value between [0][•] per cent. (including) and [100][•] per cent. (including)].] 
 
[6.] [7.]  Calculation of the Current Reset Barrier 
 
On each [Adjustment Date] [•] [and coming into effect at the Adjustment Time] [•]], the Initial Current 
Reset Barrier and, thereafter, any then current reset barrier (each the "Reset Barrier") is adjusted by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, whereby the so adjusted new Current Reset 
Barrier [(being current on such Adjustment Date)] [•] is referred to as "Current Reset Barrier": 
 
(
)
Premium
 
Loss
 
Stop
-
1
 * 
Strike
 
Current

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
(the result commercially rounded to [two] [four] [•] decimal places). 
 
[Following the Initial Stop Loss Premium, the "Stop Loss Premium" is set on any Adjustment Date to be 
a value between [•] per cent. and [•] per cent., as determined at the Calculation Agent's reasonable dis-
cretion.] 
 
The Current Reset Barrier will be published [on the Exchange Business Day immediately succeeding the 
Adjustment Date before the start of trading] [on the Adjustment Date [at [●] hrs (local time [●])] [●] on 
the website of the Issuer at https://en-dk.structured-products.saxo/. 
 
[Whereby: 
 
[The "Initial Stop Loss Premium" [equals [•] per cent].] 
 
[The "Initial Current Reset Barrier" [equals [•]].]] 
[7.] [8.]  Determinations and Calculations in connection with the Option Right 
 
Any determinations and calculations in connection with the Option Right, in particular the calculation of 
the Redemption Amount, will be made by the Calculation Agent. Determinations and calculations made 
in this respect by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
 
§ 2 
Knock Out Event 
1.          Consequences of the occurrence of a Knock Out Event 
 
If a Knock Out Event (§ 2 (3) of these Conditions) occurs, the Option Right expires on such day (the 
"Knock Out Expiration Date") and the Securities become invalid.  
 
[In this case, the Securityholder is not entitled to receive any payment with respect to each Security it 
holds.] 
 
[In this case, the Securityholder is entitled to receive with respect to each Security it holds the Knock Out 
Redemption Amount (§ 2 (2) of these Conditions) in the Redemption Currency (also the "Redemption 
Amount"). 
2.          Knock Out Redemption Amount 
 
The "Knock Out Redemption Amount" means an amount in the Redemption Currency equal to [the Min-
imum Settlement Amount] [•].] 
3.          Occurrence of a Knock Out Event 
 
A "Knock Out Event" shall occur, if 
 
[in the case of Securities with a period related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [during ] [the Term of the Securities] [following] [the Fixing Date] [the Issue Date] [the 
Start of the public offer of the Securities] [•]] the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
point of reference to an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]] is [equal to or] above the 
Current Strike.] 
 
[in the case of Securities with a record day related observation add the following text: 
 
[at any time] [at [•] hrs. (local time [•] [Copenhagen, Denmark] [London, United Kingdom])] on [the 
Valuation Date] [the Final Valuation Date] [the Observation Date] [an Observation Date] [a Valuation 
Averaging Date] [•] the Price of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to 
an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [•]] is [equal to or] above the Current Strike.] 
 
[If, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at their reasonable discretion, a Market Dis-
ruption (§ 11 (3) of these Conditions) prevails on any day relevant for the determination of the occurrence 
of a Knock Out Event, the Calculation Agent will, at its reasonable discretion and taking into account 
(i) the market conditions then prevailing and (ii) such other conditions or factors as the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent reasonably consider to be relevant, estimate the relevant Price of the Underlying or, if 
in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, 
the relevant Price of the (affected) Basket Component or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the defi-
nition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, the relevant price 
of the affected Component in relation to the occurrence of a Knock Out Event (which for the avoidance 
of doubt could be zero (0)) on the basis of the latest Prices of the Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, Prices of the 
Basket Component or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Considera-
tion of Components" is specified to be applicable, prices of the affected Component available to the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent.] 
 
[(Regular trading hours on regular trading days apply.)] 
 
§ 3 
Exercise Procedure; Exercise Notice [; Exercise Date] 
1.          Exercise Procedure 
 
The Option Right may in each case [only] be exercised by the Securityholder [every [•]] [of a calendar 
month [•]] [, for the first time on [•]] [, following [•]] [daily] [on] [a Banking Day [, which also is [an 
Underlying] [a Basket Component] Calculation Date,] [within the Exercise Period] ([the] [each an] "Ex-
ercise Date" [(If [this day] [one of these days] is not an Exchange Business Day, the immediately suc-
ceeding Exchange Business Day is deemed to be the relevant Exercise Date.)])] [until the Exercise Time] 
[[the] [any] Exercise Date] [(with effect as of such Exercise Date)] and in accordance with the exercise 
procedure described below. 
 
[in the case of Securities providing for a Minimum Exercise Size add the following text: 
2.          Minimum Exercise Size 
 
The Option Rights may [, subject to § 2 ([3] [4]) of these Conditions,] only be exercised in a number 
equal to the Minimum Exercise Size. An exercise of less than the Minimum Exercise Size of the Securi-
ties will be invalid and ineffective. An exercise of more than the Minimum Exercise Size of the Securities 
that is not an integral multiple thereof will be deemed to be an exercise of a number of Securities that is 
equal to the Minimum Exercise Size or the next lowest integral multiple of the Minimum Exercise Size.] 
 
[2.][3.]  Exercise of the Option Rights

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
For a valid exercise of the Option Rights [, becoming effective as of the relevant Securityholder's Effec-
tive Date,] the following conditions have to be met on the relevant Exercise Date until the Exercise Time: 
 
c) The [Paying Agent][Issuer] must receive written and legally signed notice by the Securityholder 
stating his intention to exercise the Option Right securitised in the Security (the "Exercise No-
tice"). The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and binding and shall contain among other things (a) 
the name of the Securityholder, (b) an indication of the number of Securities to be exercised and 
(c) the account of the Securityholder with the Issuer, to which the transfer of the Redemption 
Amount, if any, shall be effected. 
 
d) the effected transfer of the respective Securities to the Issuer by crediting the Securities to the 
client securities account maintained by the Issuer with the Settlement Bank. 
 
If these conditions are met after lapse of the Exercise Time on the Exercise Date, the Option Right shall 
be deemed to be exercised on the immediately succeeding Exercise Date [provided that such day falls 
within the Exercise Period].] 
 
[3.][4.]  Calculations 
 
Upon exercise of the Option Rights as well as determination of [the Reference Price] [the Settlement 
Price] of [the Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to an Underlying comprised 
in the Base Prospectus: [●]] the Calculation Agent (§ 12 of these Conditions) shall calculate the Re-
demption Amount payable, if any, either corresponding to the number of Securities actually delivered or 
to the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, whichever is lower. In case the number of 
Securities actually delivered is higher than the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice, any 
remaining excess amount with respect to the Securities delivered will be returned to the relevant Securi-
tyholder. 
 
[4.][5.]  Exercise by the Issuer 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled [on each [●]] [and] [, for the first time on [●] (including),] and subject to a 
period of notice of [●], to terminate and redeem the Securities not yet exercised by way of publication 
pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions on any Exercise Date (such day is referred to as the "Issuer Exercise 
Date"), with effect as of such Issuer Exercise Date. 
 
In the case of a redemption by the Issuer in accordance with the paragraph above, the Issuer shall pay to 
each Securityholder an amount equal to the Settlement Amount (§ 1 (2) of these Conditions) [, converted 
into the Redemption Currency,] multiplied by Conversion Ratio (§ 1 (4)) and commercially rounded to 
[two] [four] [●] decimal places (also the "Redemption Amount").

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
5.3 
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
The following "General Conditions" of the Securities must be read in their entirety together with the section 
"Product Terms" in the Base Prospectus. 
 
The Product Terms shall in the relevant Final Terms amend and put in concrete terms the General Conditions of 
the Securities for the purposes of the relevant Securities. 
 
The Product Terms and the General Conditions together constitute the "Conditions" of the relevant Securities. 
 
Terms not otherwise defined in these General Conditions shall have the meaning given in the applicable Prod-
uct Terms. 
 
The Conditions are subject to adjustment in accordance with §§ 6 (a) – (n) of the Conditions. 
 
Below is set forth a summarised Contents of the General Conditions 
 
§ 4 
Form of Securities; Title and Transfer; Status 
§ 5 
Settlement 
§ 6 (a) 
- (n) 
Adjustments for Securities on Baskets; adjustments in connection with Shares, certificates rep-
resenting shares, Non-Equity Securities, Commodities, Precious Metals, Indices, exchange 
traded Fund Units, Fund Units, Futures Contracts, Interest Rates, Currency Exchange Rates 
and Reference Rates; Benchmark Adjustments 
§ 7 
Adjustments due to the European Economic and Monetary Union 
§ 8 
Extraordinary Termination Right of the Issuer 
§ 9 
Extraordinary Termination Right of the Securityholders 
§ 10 
Taxes 
§ 11 
Market Disruptions 
§ 12 
Security Agents 
§ 13 
Substitution of the Issuer 
§ 14 
Publications 
§ 15 
Issue of further Securities; Purchase of Securities; Cancellation 
§ 16 
Intentionally left blank 
§ 17 
Governing Law; Jurisdiction 
§ 18 
Corrections; Severability 
§ 19 
Intentionally left blank 
§ 20 
Intentionally left blank 
§ 21 
Intentionally left blank

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
§ 4 
Form of Securities; Title and Transfer; 
Status 
1.          Form of Securities 
 
The Securities qualify as derivative securities within the meaning of Article 2(a) of the Prospectus Reg-
ulation. The Securities are not issued in any class.  
 
The Securities will be in bearer form and treated as dematerialised book-entry form securities pursuant 
to the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (FISA). The Securities are entered in the main register 
(in German: Hauptregister) of the Safekeeping Bank where they are held as intermediated securities in 
accordance with the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (FISA).  
2.           Securityholder; Title and Transfer 
 
"Securityholder" means any holder who is a holder of a Security according to the records of the Issuer. 
 
A Securityholder can only be a customer of the Issuer or a company within the Group who holds a bro-
kerage account with Issuer or a company within the Group. 
 
The Securityholder shall, for all purposes, be treated by the Issuer and the Security Agents (§ 12 (1) of 
these Conditions) as the person entitled to such Securities and the person entitled to receive the benefits 
of the rights represented by such Securities. 
 
Securityholders will only be able to buy or sell Securities by placing orders with the Issuer, and transac-
tions in the Securities will only take place between the Issuer and the Securityholder. 
3.          Status of the Securities 
 
The Securities constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, ranking pari 
passu among themselves and with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer, other than obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of law, such as preferred deposits.  
 
Securityholders will not be entitled (subject to applicable law) to set-off the Issuer's obligations under 
the Securities against obligations owed by them to the Issuer in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer. Securityholders may therefore be required to participate in separate proceedings in order to 
recover amounts owing to them under counterclaims, and may receive a lower recovery in an insolvency 
of the Issuer than would be the case if set-off or counterclaim were permitted.  
 
During their term, the Securities do not generate any regular income (e.g. dividends or interest).

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
§ 5 
Settlement 
1.          Settlement of the Securities 
 
The Securities will, subject to a Market Disruption (§ 11 of these Conditions), be redeemed on the rele-
vant Redemption Date by payment of (i) the Redemption Amount, (ii) the Termination Amount, (iii) if 
in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" the product feature "Securityholder’s 
Extraordinary Termination Right" is specified to be applicable, the Securityholder Termination Amount, 
or (iv) any other amount payable under the Conditions in relation to the relevant Redemption Date in the 
Redemption Currency. 
 
The Issuer holds with the Settlement Bank: 
 
a) a securities account or security accounts (the "Client Securities Account") in the name of the 
Issuer, which Client Securities Account will hold the Securities in book-entry form for the ac-
count of the Securityholders, and 
 
b) a cash account or cash accounts (the "Client Cash Account") in the name of the Issuer for settle-
ment of cash flows relating to the Securities in the Client Securities Account. 
 
The Settlement Bank will settle all trades in the Securities by way of corresponding book-entries in the 
Client Securities Account, and the Settlement Bank will make corresponding and simultaneous cash deb-
its or credits in the Client Cash Account. 
 
Upon a settlement of a trade in the Securities by way of a book-entry in the Client Securities Account by 
the Settlement Bank, the Issuer will make a corresponding and simultaneous book-entry in the securities 
account of the relevant Securityholder with the Issuer. 
 
Upon a cash debit or credit in the Client Cash Account by the Settlement Bank, the Issuer will make a 
corresponding and simultaneous cash debit or credit in the cash account of the relevant Securityholder 
with the Issuer. 
 
Securityholders may experience delays in the receipt of the Securities or payments under the Securities 
due to the safekeeping arrangement of the Securities 
 
Consequently, the Issuer will only be in a position to make a book-entry in the securities account of the 
Securityholder or to make a cash credit in the cash account of the relevant Securityholder, after the Set-
tlement Bank has made a book-entry in the Client Securities Account or a cash credit in the Client Secu-
rities Account respectively. A delay by the Settlement Bank in making the relevant book-entry or cash 
credit will therefore result in a delay by the Issuer in making the corresponding book-entry or cash credit 
in the securities account or cash account of the Securityholder, meaning that investors will experience a 
delay in the receipt of the Securities or payments under the Securities. 
2.          Conversion into the Redemption Currency 
 
If in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a "Currency Conversion;" 
is specified to be applicable, any conversion of amounts payable under these Conditions into the Re-
demption Currency is made by the Calculation Agent using the Relevant Conversion Rate.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
3.          Intentionally left blank 
4.          Intentionally left blank 
5.          Taxes, charges and/or expenses 
 
All taxes, charges and/or expenses, if any, incurred in connection with the redemption of the Securities 
or any other payment or delivery obligations under these Conditions of the Securities shall be borne and 
paid by the relevant Securityholder. The Issuer and the Paying Agent, as the case may be, are entitled, 
but not obliged, to withhold from any required performance under these Conditions such taxes, charges 
and/or expenses as be paid by the Securityholder in accordance with the preceding sentence.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
[Only if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, 
the following § 6 (a) of these Conditions applies:] 
 
§ 6 (a) 
Adjustments for Securities on Baskets; Successor Basket Component 
 
If in relation to a Basket Component an adjustment (as described in these Conditions) is necessary, the 
Issuer shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to these Conditions in relation to each Basket Com-
ponent) be entitled, but not obliged, to either: 
 
a) remove at its reasonable discretion the respective Basket Component without replacement from 
the Basket (if applicable by adjusting the weighting of the remaining Basket Components), or 
 
b) replace at its reasonable discretion the Basket Component in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (if applicable by adjusting the weighting of the Basket Components then present) 
(the "Successor Basket Component"). 
 
In such case, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed to be the Basket Component and each 
reference in these Conditions to the Basket Component shall be deemed to refer to the Successor Basket 
Component.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
[Only in case of a share as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as specified in the 
definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, the following § 
6 (b) of these Conditions applies:] 
 
§ 6 (b) 
Adjustments in connection with a Share 
1.          Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
In the case of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event (§ 6 (b)(2) of these Conditions), the Issuer 
shall be entitled to adjust any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or 
any other terms in these Conditions in a manner and relation corresponding to the relevant adjustments 
made with regard to option and futures contracts on the share used as the Underlying or, if in the appli-
cable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the 
Basket Component, traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange (the "Option Contracts") pro-
vided that the Record Date (as defined below) is prior to or on the Valuation Date or the Final Valuation 
Date, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms. 
 
If no such Option Contracts are being traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, the adjust-
ments may be made by the Issuer in a manner as relevant adjustments would be made by the Relevant 
Futures and Options Exchange if those Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange. 
 
The "Record Date" means the first trading day on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange on which 
the adjusted Option Contracts on the Underlying are traded or would be traded if those Option Contracts 
were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange. 
2.          Occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any measure in relation to the Share, which gives reason, or would 
give reason, if the Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, as the 
case may be, to the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange for an adjustment to the Strike, the contract 
volume of the underlying, the ratio of the underlying or to the quotation of the stock exchange, relevant 
for the calculation and determination of the price of the Underlying. 
 
Potential Adjustment Events are, in particular, but not limited to, the following measures, whereas, sub-
ject to § 6(b)(3) of these Conditions, the de facto or hypothetical decision of the Relevant Futures and 
Options Exchange that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred is conclusive: 
 
a) The stock corporation, the share(s) of which is/are used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the 
Basket Component, (the "Company") increases its share capital against deposits/contributions 
granting a direct or indirect subscription right to its shareholders, capital increase out of the 
Company’s own funds, through the issuance of new shares, directly or indirectly granting a right 
to its shareholders to subscribe for bonds or other securities with option or conversion rights to 
shares. 
 
b) The Company decreases its share capital through cancellation or combination of shares of the 
Company. No Potential Adjustment Event shall occur, if the capital decrease is effected by way 
of reduction of the nominal amount of the shares of the Company. 
 
c) The Company grants exceptionally high dividends, bonuses or other cash or non-cash distribu-
tions ("Special Distributions") to its shareholders. The distributions of regular dividends, which 
do not constitute Special Distributions, do not create any Potential Adjustment Event. With

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
regard to the differentiation between regular dividends and Special Distributions, the differenti-
ation made by the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange shall prevail. 
 
d) The Company performs a stock split (reduction of the nominal amount and corresponding in-
crease in the number of shares without a change in the share capital) or a similar measure. 
 
e) An offer is made to the shareholders of the Company pursuant to the law of the jurisdiction 
applicable to and governing the Company to convert existing shares of the Company to new 
shares or to shares of another stock corporation. 
 
f) A take-over of shares of the Company takes place by a shareholder in the course of a tender offer 
in accordance with the law of the jurisdiction applicable to and governing the Company. 
 
g) The Company spins off any part of the Company so that a new independent enterprise is created 
or any part of the Company is absorbed by a third company, the Company’s shareholders are 
granted shares in the new company or the absorbing company free of charge or at a price below 
the market price and therefore a market price or price quotation may be determined for the shares 
granted to the shareholders. 
 
h) The quotation of or trading in the shares of the Company on the Relevant Exchange is perma-
nently discontinued due to a merger or a new company formation, or for any other comparable 
reason, in particular as a result of a delisting of the Company. The Issuer’s right of termination 
in accordance with § 8 of these Conditions remains unaffected. 
 
The provisions set out above shall apply mutatis mutandis to events other than those mentioned above, 
if the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, upon exercise of their reasonable discretion, determine that the 
economic effects of these events are comparable and may have an impact on the calculational value of 
the shares. 
3.          Deviations by the Issuer from the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to deviate from the adjustments made by the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange, should the Issuer consider it necessary in order to account for existing differences between 
the Securities and the Option Contracts traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange. Irrespec-
tive of whether or how adjustments are de facto effected by the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, 
the Issuer is entitled to make adjustments to these Conditions for the purpose of reconstituting to the 
extent possible the Securityholders’ economic status prior to the measures as described in § 6 b (2) of 
these Conditions. 
4.          Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, Successor Basket Component 
 
In the event that the Share ceases to exist and/or is replaced by a successor share (by any parties other 
than the Issuer) (subject to § 6 (n) of these Conditions, a "Replacement Event"), the Calculation Agent 
shall, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these Condi-
tions, determine at its reasonable discretion, after having made appropriate adjustments according to the 
paragraph above, which underlying, economically equal to the underlying concept of the Share used as 
the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, shall be applicable in the future (the "Successor 
Underlying" or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is speci-
fied to be applicable, the "Successor Basket Component") and to replace the Underlying or, if the appli-
cable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the af-
fected Basket Component by the Successor Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Successor Basket Component.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket Component and the date it is 
applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Condi-
tions. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the defini-
tion of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the Basket Component shall, to the extent 
appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket 
Component. 
5.          Determination of a Substitute Stock Exchange 
 
If the quotation of or trading in the share on the Relevant Exchange is permanently discontinued while 
concurrently a quotation or trading is started up or maintained on another stock exchange, the Issuer shall 
be entitled to stipulate such other stock exchange as new Relevant Exchange (the "Substitute Stock Ex-
change") through publication in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions, provided that the Issuer has 
not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these Conditions. In the case of such a substitution, 
any reference in these Conditions to the Relevant Exchange thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Stock Exchange. The adjustment described above shall be published in accordance with § 14 
of these Conditions upon the expiry of one month following the permanent discontinuation of the quota-
tion of or trading in the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" 
a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Basket Component on the Relevant Exchange, at the latest. 
6.          Corrected Price 
 
In the event that the price of the Share used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in 
the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, as 
determined and published by the Relevant Exchange is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price" is published by the Relevant Exchange after the original publication, but still within 
one Settlement Cycle, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to effect, under consideration 
of the Corrected Price, adjustments to these Conditions at their reasonable discretion, to account for the 
correction. The adjustment and the date it is applied for the first time shall be published without undue 
delay in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. 
7.          Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt (i) the applicability of the adjustment rules of the 
Relevant Futures and Options Exchange and (ii) the required adjustment. Any adjustment or determina-
tion shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be final, 
conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error. 
8.          Effectiveness of Adjustments and Determinations 
 
Any adjustment and determination will become effective as of the time at which the relevant adjustments 
become effective on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange or would become effective, if the Option 
Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, as the case may be. 
 
[Only in case of a certificate representing shares as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may 
be, as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final 
Terms, the following § 6 (b) of these Conditions applies:]

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
§ 6 (c) 
Adjustments in connection with a Certificate representing Shares 
1.          Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
In the case of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event (§ 6 (c) (2)) in relation to the certificate 
representing shares used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, the Issuer shall be enti-
tled to adjust any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other 
terms in these Conditions to account for the effect of such Potential Adjustment Event. 
2.          Occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any following events or measures in relation to the certificate rep-
resenting shares used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Un-
derlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, provided that such event or 
measure is, at the reasonable discretion the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, material and adversely 
affects the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component or the calculation of the Price of 
the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component: 
 
a) In the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, a material change 
 
i. 
has occurred in relation to the Relevant Exchange relevant for the calculation and deter-
mination of the price of the certificate representing shares used as the Underlying or, if 
in the applicable product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, as the Basket Component, or 
 
ii. 
has occurred in relation to the relevant terms of either the certificate representing shares 
used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component, or of the Under-
lying Shares. 
 
b) Any measure in relation to the certificate representing shares, which gives reason, or would give 
reason, if option and futures contracts on the certificate representing shares used as the Underly-
ing or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, as the Basket Component traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange 
(the "Option Contracts") were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, as the case 
may be, to the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange for an adjustment to the strike, the con-
tract volume of the underlying, the ratio of the underlying or to the quotation of the trading sys-
tem, relevant for the calculation and determination of the price of the underlying. 
3.          Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, Successor Basket Component 
 
In the event that the certificate representing shares ceases to exist and/or is replaced by another underlying 
successor certificate representing shares (by any parties other than the Issuer) (subject to § 6 (n) of these 
Conditions, a "Replacement Event"), the Calculation Agent shall, provided that the Issuer has not termi-
nated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these Conditions, determine at its reasonable discretion, 
after having made appropriate adjustments according to the paragraph above, which underlying, econom-
ically equal to the underlying concept of the certificate representing shares used as the Underlying or, if 
in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, 
as the Basket Component shall be applicable in the future (the "Successor Underlying" or, if in the ap-
plicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the 
"Successor Basket Component") and to replace the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in 
the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the affected Basket Component

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
by the Successor Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Successor Basket Component. 
 
The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket Component and the date it is 
applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Condi-
tions. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the defini-
tion of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the Basket Component shall, to the extent 
appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket 
Component. 
4.          Determination of a Substitute Stock Exchange 
 
If the quotation of or trading in the certificate representing shares on the Relevant Exchange is perma-
nently discontinued while concurrently a quotation or trading is started up or maintained on another stock 
exchange, the Issuer shall be entitled to stipulate such other stock exchange as new Relevant Exchange 
(the "Substitute Exchange") through publication in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions, provided 
that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these Conditions. In the case 
of such a substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Relevant Exchange thereafter shall be 
deemed to refer to the Substitute Exchange. The adjustment described above shall be published in ac-
cordance with § 14 of these Conditions upon the expiry of one month following the permanent discon-
tinuation of the quotation of or trading in the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Basket Component on the Rele-
vant Exchange, at the latest. 
5.          Corrected Price 
 
In the event that the price of the certificate representing shares used as the Underlying or, if in the appli-
cable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the 
Basket Component as determined and published by the Relevant Exchange is subsequently corrected and 
the correction (the "Corrected Price") is published by the Relevant Exchange after the original publica-
tion, but still within one Settlement Cycle, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to effect, 
under consideration of the Corrected Price, adjustments to these Conditions at their reasonable discretion, 
to account for the correction. The adjustment and the date it is applied for the first time shall be published 
without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. 
6.          Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt the required adjustment. Any adjustment or de-
termination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
[Only in the case of a non-equity Security as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as 
specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, 
the following § 6 (d) of these Conditions apply:] 
 
§ 6 (d) 
Adjustments in connection with a Non-Equity Security 
1.          Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, a material change in the market 
conditions occurred in relation to the Relevant Trading System relevant for the calculation and determi-
nation of the price of the non-equity security used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component (a 
"Potential Adjustment Event"), the Issuer shall be entitled to adjust any variable, calculation methodol-
ogy, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms in these Conditions to account for the effect 
of these changed market conditions. 
2.          Changes in the calculation; Making of Adjustments 
 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of the non-equity security, shall not lead to an 
adjustment unless the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, upon exercise of their reasonable discretion de-
termine that the underlying concept and the calculation (including corrections) of the Underlying or, if 
in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, 
of the Basket Component are no longer comparable to the underlying concept or calculation of the Un-
derlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component applicable prior to such change. Adjustments may 
also be made as a result of the termination of the Underlying or of the Basket Component and/or its 
substitution by another underlying. 
 
For the purpose of making any adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall at its reasonable discretion deter-
mine an adjusted value per unit of the non-listed security as the basis of the determination of the Price of 
the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, which in its result corresponds with the economic 
result prior to this change, and shall, taking into account the time the change occurred, determine the day, 
on which the adjusted value per unit of the non-equity security shall apply for the first time. The adjusted 
value per unit of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component as well as the date of its 
first application shall be published without undue delay pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions. 
3.          Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, Successor Basket Component 
 
In the event that the non-equity security is ceases to exist and/or is replaced by another underlying suc-
cessor non-equity security (by any parties other than the Issuer) (subject to § 6 (n) of these Conditions, a 
"Replacement Event"), the Calculation Agent shall, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Se-
curities in accordance with § 8 of these Conditions, determine at its reasonable discretion, after having 
made appropriate adjustments according to the paragraph above, which underlying, economically equal 
to the underlying concept of the non-equity security used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Compo-
nent, shall be applicable in the future (the "Successor Underlying" or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the "Successor Basket Compo-
nent") and to replace the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underly-
ing" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the affected Basket Component by the Successor Underlying 
or, as the case may be, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, the Successor Basket Component.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket Component and the date it is 
applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Condi-
tions. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the defini-
tion of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the Basket Component shall, to the extent 
appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, to the Successor 
Basket Component. 
4.          Determination of a Substitute Trading System 
 
If the quotation of or trading in the non-equity security in the Relevant Trading System is permanently 
discontinued while concurrently a quotation or trading is started up or maintained on another trading 
system, the Issuer shall be entitled to stipulate such other trading system as the new relevant trading 
system (the "Substitute Trading System") through publication in accordance with § 14 of these Condi-
tions, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these Condi-
tions. In the case of such a substitution any reference in these Conditions to the Relevant Trading System 
thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Trading System. The adjustment described above 
shall be published in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions upon the expiry of one month following 
the permanent discontinuation of the quotation of or trading in the Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, in the Basket 
Component in the Relevant Trading System at the latest. 
5.          Corrected Price 
 
In the event that the price of the non-equity security used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Compo-
nent, as determined and published by the Relevant Trading System is subsequently corrected and the 
correction (the "Corrected Price") is published by the Relevant Trading System, after the original publi-
cation, but still within one Settlement Cycle, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to 
effect, under consideration of the Corrected Price, adjustments to these Conditions at their reasonable 
discretion, to account for the correction. The adjustment and the date it is applied for the first time shall 
be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. 
6.          Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt the required adjustment. Any adjustment or de-
termination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
[Only in the case of a commodity as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as specified in 
the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, the following 
§ 6 (e) of these Conditions apply:] 
 
§ 6 (e) 
Adjustments in connection with a Commodity 
1.          Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
In the case of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event (§ 6 (e) (2) of these Conditions), the Issuer 
shall be entitled to adjust any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or 
any other terms in these Conditions in a manner and relation corresponding to the relevant adjustments 
made with regard to option and futures contracts on the commodity used as the Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as 
the Basket Component, traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange (the "Option Contracts") 
provided that the Record Date (as defined below) is prior to or on the Valuation Date or the Final Valu-
ation Date, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms. 
 
If no such Option Contracts are being traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, the adjust-
ments may be effected by the Issuer in a manner as relevant adjustments would be made by the Relevant 
Futures and Options Exchange if those Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange. 
 
The "Record Date" will be the first trading day on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange on which 
the adjusted Option Contracts on the Underlying are traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Ex-
change or would be traded if those Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange. 
2.          Occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any measure in relation to the commodity, which gives reason, or 
would give reason, if the Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, 
as the case may be, to the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange for an adjustment to the strike, the 
contract volume of the underlying, the ratio of the underlying or to the quotation of the trading system, 
relevant for the calculation and determination of the price of the underlying. 
 
Potential Adjustment Events are, in particular, but not limited to, the following measures, whereas, how-
ever, subject to § 6 (e) (3) of these Conditions, the de facto or hypothetical decision of the Relevant 
Futures and Options Exchange is decisive: 
 
a) The commodity is traded in the Relevant Trading System relevant for the calculation and deter-
mination of the Price of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition 
of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, of the Basket Component in a different 
quality, in a different consistency (e.g. with a different degree of purity or a different point of 
origin) or in a different standard measuring unit. 
 
b) The occurrence of another event or action, due to which the commodity, as traded in the Relevant 
Trading System relevant for the calculation and determination of the Price of the Underlying or, 
if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be 
applicable, of the Basket Component, is materially modified.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
The provisions set out above shall apply mutatis mutandis to events other than those mentioned above, 
if the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, upon exercise of their reasonable discretion, determine that the 
economic effects of these events are comparable and may have an impact on the value of the commodity. 
3.          Deviations by the Issuer from the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to deviate from the adjustments made by the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange, should the Issuer consider it necessary in order to account for existing differences between 
the Securities and the Option Contracts traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange. Irrespec-
tive of, whether or how adjustments are de facto effected by the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, 
the Issuer is entitled to make adjustments to these Conditions for the purpose to reconstitute to the extent 
possible the Securityholders’ economic status prior to the measures in terms of § 6 (e) (2) of these Con-
ditions. 
4.          Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, Successor Basket Component 
 
In the event that the commodity ceases to exist and/or is replaced by a successor commodity (by any 
parties other than the Issuer) (subject to § 6 (n) of these Conditions, "Replacement Event"), the Calcula-
tion Agent shall, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these 
Conditions, determine at its reasonable discretion, after having made appropriate adjustments according 
to the paragraph above, which underlying, economically equal to the underlying concept of the commod-
ity used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Basket Component shall be applicable in the future (the "Suc-
cessor Underlying" or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, the "Successor Basket Component") and to replace the Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the 
affected Basket Component by the Successor Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Successor Basket Component. 
 
The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket Component and the date it is 
applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Condi-
tions. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the defini-
tion of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Basket Component shall, to the extent 
appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket 
Component. 
5.          Determination of a Substitute Trading System 
 
If the quotation of or trading in the commodity in the Relevant Trading System is permanently discon-
tinued while concurrently a quotation or trading is started up or maintained on another trading system, 
the Issuer shall be entitled to stipulate such other trading system as the new relevant trading system (the 
"Substitute Trading System") through publication in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions, provided 
that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these Conditions. In the case 
of such a substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Relevant Trading System thereafter shall 
be deemed to refer to the Substitute Trading System. The adjustment described above shall be published 
in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions upon the expiry of one month following the permanent 
discontinuation of the quotation of or trading in the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in 
the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, in the Basket Component in the 
Relevant Trading System, at the latest.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
6.          Corrected Price 
 
In the event that the price of the commodity used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, as 
determined and published by the Relevant Trading System is subsequently corrected and the correction 
(the "Corrected Price") is published by the Relevant Trading System after the original publication, but 
still within one Settlement Cycle, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to effect, under 
consideration of the Corrected Price, adjustments to these Conditions at their reasonable discretion, to 
account for the correction. The adjustment and the date it is applied for the first time shall be published 
without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. 
7.          Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt (i) the applicability of the adjustment rules of the 
Relevant Futures and Options Exchange and (ii) the required adjustment. Any adjustment or determina-
tion shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be final, 
conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error. 
8.          Effectiveness of Adjustments and Determinations 
 
Any adjustment and determination will become effective as of the time at which the relevant adjustments 
become effective on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange or would become effective, if the Option 
Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, as the case may be.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
[Only in the case of a precious metal as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as specified 
in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, the fol-
lowing § 6 (f) of these Conditions apply:] 
 
§ 6 (f) 
Adjustments in connection with a Precious Metal 
1.          Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
In the case of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event (§ 6 (f) (2) of these Conditions), the Issuer 
shall be entitled to adjust any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or 
any other terms in these Conditions in a manner and relation corresponding to the relevant adjustments 
made with regard to option and futures contracts on the precious metal used as the Underlying or, if in 
the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, 
as the Basket Component, traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange (the "Option Contracts") 
provided that the Record Date (as defined below) is prior to or on the Valuation Date or the Final Valu-
ation Date, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms. 
 
If no such Option Contracts are being traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, the adjust-
ments may be effected by the Issuer in a manner as relevant adjustments would be made by the Relevant 
Futures and Options Exchange if those Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange. 
 
The "Record Date" will be the first trading day on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange on which 
the adjusted Option Contracts on the Underlying are traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Ex-
change or would be traded if those Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange. 
2.          Occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any measure in relation to the precious metal, which gives reason, 
or would give reason, if the Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, 
as the case may be, to the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange for an adjustment to the strike, the 
contract volume of the underlying, the ratio of the underlying or to the quotation of the trading system, 
relevant for the calculation and determination of the price of the underlying. 
 
Potential Adjustment Events are, in particular, but not limited to, the following measures, whereas, how-
ever, subject to § 6 e (3) of these Conditions, the de facto or hypothetical decision of the Relevant Futures 
and Options Exchange is decisive: 
 
a) The precious metal is traded on the Relevant Exchange relevant for the calculation and determi-
nation of the Price of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, of the Basket Component in a different 
quality, in a different consistency (e.g. with a different degree of purity or a different point of 
origin) or in a different standard measuring unit. 
 
b) The occurrence of another event or action, due to which the precious metal, as traded in the 
Relevant Exchange relevant for the calculation and determination of the Price of the Underlying 
or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to 
be applicable, the Basket Component, is materially modified. 
 
The provisions set out above shall apply mutatis mutandis to any other event or circumstance, which may 
have an impact on the value of the precious metal and which causes the terms of the Securities to no

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
longer reflect the original commercial terms agreed by the Issuer and the Securityholders or adversely 
affects the economic basis on which the Issuer issued the Securities. 
3.          Deviations by the Issuer from the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to deviate from the adjustments made by the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange, should the Issuer consider it necessary in order to account for existing differences between 
the Securities and the Option Contracts traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange. Irrespec-
tive of, whether or how adjustments are de facto effected by the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, 
the Issuer is entitled to make adjustments to these Conditions for the purpose to reconstitute to the extent 
possible the Securityholders’ economic status prior to the measures in terms of § 6 (f) (2) of these Con-
ditions. 
4.          Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, Successor Basket Component 
 
In the event that the precious metal ceases to exist and/or is replaced by a successor precious metal (by 
any parties other than the Issuer) (subject to § 6 (n) of these Conditions, a "Replacement Event"), the 
Calculation Agent shall, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 
8 of these Conditions, determine at its reasonable discretion, after having made appropriate adjustments 
according to the paragraph above, which underlying, economically equal to the underlying concept of 
the precious metal used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Basket Component shall be applicable in the 
future (the "Successor Underlying" or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underly-
ing" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the "Successor Basket Component") and to replace the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, the affected Basket Component by the Successor Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Successor 
Basket Component. 
 
The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket Component and the date it is 
applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Condi-
tions. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the defini-
tion of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the Basket Component shall, to the extent 
appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, to the Successor 
Basket Component. 
5.          Determination of a Substitute Trading System 
 
If the quotation of or trading in the precious metal in the Relevant Trading System is permanently dis-
continued while concurrently a quotation or trading is started up or maintained on another trading system, 
the Issuer shall be entitled to stipulate such other trading system as the new relevant trading system (the 
"Substitute Exchange") through publication in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions, provided that 
the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these Conditions. In the case of 
such a substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Relevant Trading System thereafter shall be 
deemed to refer to the Substitute Exchange. The adjustment described above shall be published in ac-
cordance with § 14 of these Conditions upon the expiry of one month following the permanent discon-
tinuation of the quotation of or trading in the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, in the Basket Component on the 
Relevant Exchange, at the latest.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
6.          Corrected Price 
 
In the event that the price of the precious metal used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Compo-
nent, as determined and published by the Relevant Exchange is subsequently corrected and the correction 
(the "Corrected Price") is published by the Relevant Exchange after the original publication, but still 
within one Settlement Cycle, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to effect, under con-
sideration of the Corrected Price, adjustments to these Conditions at their reasonable discretion, to ac-
count for the correction. The adjustment and the date it is applied for the first time shall be published 
without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. 
7.          Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt (i) the applicability of the adjustment rules of the 
Relevant Futures and Options Exchange and (ii) the required adjustment. Any adjustment or determina-
tion shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be final, 
conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error. 
8.          Effectiveness of Adjustments and Determinations 
 
Any adjustment and determination will become effective as of the time at which the relevant adjustments 
become effective on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange or would become effective, if the Option 
Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, as the case may be.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
[Only in the case of an index as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as specified in the 
definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, the following § 
6 (d) of these Conditions apply:] 
 
§ 6 (g) 
Adjustments in connection with an Index 
1.          Successor Index Sponsor; Successor Index Calculator 
 
If the Index used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" 
a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, is permanently not maintained by the 
Index Sponsor and no longer calculated and published by the Index Sponsor or, if in the applicable Prod-
uct Terms in the definition of "Underlying" an "Index Calculator" is specified to be applicable, by such 
Index Calculator, then the Issuer shall be entitled to replace the Index Sponsor or, as the case may be, the 
Index Calculator by a person, company or institution, which is acceptable to the Calculation Agent and 
the Issuer at their reasonable discretion (the "Successor Index Sponsor" or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Index Calculator" is specified to be applicable, the "Successor 
Index Calculator"). 
 
In such case, the Successor Index Sponsor or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" an "Index Calculator" is specified to be applicable, the Successor Index Calculator will be 
deemed to be the Index Sponsor or, as the case may be, the Index Calculator and each reference in these 
Conditions to the Index Sponsor or, as the case may be, the Index Calculator shall be deemed to refer to 
the Successor Index Sponsor or, as the case may be, the Successor Index Calculator. 
2.          Changes in the calculation; Making of Adjustments 
 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of the Index or of the composition or of the 
weighting of the Index components, on which the calculation of the Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, of the Basket 
Component is based, shall not lead to an adjustment unless the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, upon 
exercise of their reasonable discretion, determine that the underlying concept and the calculation (includ-
ing corrections) of the Underlying or of the Basket Component are no longer comparable to the underly-
ing concept or calculation of the Index applicable prior to such change. This applies especially, if due to 
any change the Index value changes considerably, although the prices and weightings of the components 
included in the Index remain unchanged. Adjustments may also be made as a result of the termination of 
the Index and/or its substitution by another underlying. 
 
For the purpose of making any adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall at its reasonable discretion de-
termine an adjusted value per unit of the Index as the basis of the determination of the price of the Un-
derlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, of the Basket Component, which in its result corresponds with the economic result prior 
to this change, and shall, taking into account the time the change occurred, determine the day, on which 
the adjusted value per unit of the Index shall apply for the first time. The adjusted value per unit of the 
Underlying or the Basket Component as well as the date of its first application shall be published without 
undue delay pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions. 
3.          Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, Successor Basket Component 
 
In the event that the authorisation of the Issuer or of the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, to use the 
Index used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Basket Component, for the purposes of the Securities is termi-
nated or otherwise ceases to exist or the Index (or the publication thereof) has been permanently

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
discontinued and/or replaced by a successor index (by any parties other than the Issuer) (subject to § 6 
(n) of these Conditions, a "Replacement Event"), the Calculation Agent shall determine at its reasonable 
discretion, after having made appropriate adjustments according to the paragraph above, which index 
shall be applicable in the future (the "Successor Underlying" or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the "Successor Basket Component") 
and to replace the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, the affected Basket Component by the Successor Underlying or, 
if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be appli-
cable, the Successor Basket Component. 
 
The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket Component and the date it is 
applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Condi-
tions. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the defini-
tion of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the Basket Component, shall, to the 
extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, to the Succes-
sor Basket Component. 
4.          Corrected Price 
 
In the event that the Price of the Index used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in 
the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, as 
determined and published by the Index Sponsor or if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" an "Index Calculator" is specified to be applicable, by the Index Calculator is subsequently 
corrected and the correction (the "Corrected Price") is published after the original publication, but still 
within one Settlement Cycle, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to effect, under con-
sideration of the Corrected Price, adjustments to these Conditions at their reasonable discretion, to ac-
count for the correction. The adjustment and the date it is applied for the first time shall be published 
without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. 
5.          Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt the required adjustment. Any adjustment or de-
termination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
[Only in the case of an exchange traded Fund Unit as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may 
be, as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final 
Terms, the following § 6 (h) of these Conditions apply:] 
 
§ 6 (h) 
Adjustments in connection with an exchange traded Fund Unit 
1.          Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
In the case of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event (§ 6 (h) (2)) in respect to the exchange 
traded Fund Unit used as Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Under-
lying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
make any adjustments to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or 
any other terms in these Conditions that they determine at their reasonable discretion to be appropriate 
to account for the effect of such Potential Adjustment Event. 
2.          Occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any following measure in relation to the Fund Unit: 
 
a) conversion, subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the Fund Units, 
 
b) payment of distributions, which contradict the standard distribution policy of the Investment 
Fund in relation to the Fund Units, or 
 
c) any other event that may, in the Issuer’s and the Calculation Agent’s reasonable discretion, have 
a diluting or concentrative effect on the Fund Units. 
3.          Adjustments made by the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to in particular effect adjustments to these Conditions in a manner and relation 
corresponding to the relevant adjustments made with regard to option and futures contracts on the Fund 
Unit used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, traded on the Relevant Futures and 
Options Exchange (the "Option Contracts") provided that the Record Date (as defined below) is prior to 
or on the Valuation Date or the Final Valuation Date, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable 
Product Terms. 
 
If no such Option Contracts are being traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, the adjust-
ments may be effected by the Issuer in a manner as relevant adjustments would be made by the Relevant 
Futures and Options Exchange if those Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange. 
 
The "Record Date" will be the first trading day on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange on which 
the adjusted Option Contracts on the Underlying are traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Ex-
change or would be traded if those Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange. 
4.          Deviations by the Issuer from the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to deviate from the adjustments made by the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange, should the Issuer consider it necessary in order to account for existing differences between 
the Securities and the Option Contracts traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
Irrespective of, whether or how adjustments are de facto effected by the Relevant Futures and Options 
Exchange, the Issuer is entitled to make adjustments to these Conditions for the purpose to reconstitute 
to the extent possible the Securityholders’ economic status prior to the measures in terms of § 6 (h) (2). 
5.          Consequences of the occurrence of a Replacement Event 
 
If a Replacement Event (§ 6 (h) (6)) in respect of the Fund Unit used as the Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as 
the Basket Component occurs or is likely to occur, the Calculation Agent may, if it determines at its 
reasonable discretion, that such event is material and adversely affects the Fund Unit, 
 
a) select an alternative investment fund, which the Issuer and the Calculation Agent determine at 
their reasonable discretion to have a similar strategy and liquidity and to the extent data thereon 
is available, similar historical returns and volatility as the Fund Unit, (also the "Successor Un-
derlying") or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, the "Successor Basket Component") and to replace the Underlying or, 
if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be 
applicable, the affected Basket Component by the Successor Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the 
Successor Basket Component; and/or 
 
b) make any adjustments to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment 
terms or any other terms in these Conditions that they determine at their reasonable discretion to 
be appropriate to account for the effect of such Replacement Event. 
6.          Occurrence of a Replacement Event 
 
Subject to § 6 (n) of these Conditions, "Replacement Event" means any of the following: 
 
a) The investment strategy or investment objective of an Investment Fund (the "Strategy") differs 
substantially from the Strategy at the Issue Date or the date on which the Underlying was adjusted 
in accordance with these Conditions, as the case may be, or from the Strategy outlined in the 
prospectus or other documents prepared in connection with the marketing of the Investment Fund 
(together the "Documents") or from the rules in relation to the Investment Fund. 
 
b) The Investment Fund introduces or increases charges or fees payable out of the assets of the 
Investment Fund or charges a subscription fee or redemption fee. 
 
c) The operation or organisation of the Investment Fund (in particular structure, procedures or pol-
icies) or the application of such procedures or policies has changed from that at the Issue Date 
or the date on which the Underlying was adjusted in accordance with these Conditions, as the 
case may be. 
 
d) The Investment Fund or its investment manager is or becomes subject to liquidation, dissolution, 
discontinuance or execution, or the investment manager indicates that the Strategy will not be 
met or proposes, recommends or initiates the liquidation, dissolution or discontinuance of the 
Investment Fund. 
 
e) The Investment Fund or its investment manager or any of their employees are placed under re-
view or investigation by any regulatory or other authority or are subject to any charges or pros-
ecution. 
 
f) The Issuer is the beneficial owner of 5 per cent. or more of the Fund Units of the Investment 
Fund or a relevant class of the Investment Fund.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
g) The Investment Fund or its investment manager becomes party to any litigation or dispute. 
 
h) Resignation, termination, loss of registration or any other change in respect of the investment 
manager of the Investment Fund or any change in the personnel of the investment manager or in 
the service providers to the Investment Fund. 
 
The provisions set out above shall apply mutatis mutandis to events other than those mentioned above, 
if the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, upon exercise of their reasonable discretion, determine that the 
economic effects of these events are comparable and may have an impact on the calculational value of 
the Fund Unit. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the defini-
tion of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component shall, to the extent 
appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying. 
7.          Determination of a Substitute Stock Exchange 
 
If the quotation of or trading in the Fund Unit used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component 
on the Relevant Exchange is permanently discontinued while concurrently a quotation or trading is 
started up or maintained on another stock exchange, the Issuer shall be entitled to stipulate such other 
exchange as new Relevant Exchange (the "Substitute Exchange") through publication in accordance with 
§ 14 of these Conditions, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 
8 of these Conditions. In the case of such a substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Relevant 
Exchange thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Exchange. The adjustment described above 
shall be published in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions upon the expiry of one month following 
the permanent discontinuation of the quotation of or trading in the Fund Unit used as the Underlying on 
the Relevant Exchange. 
8.          Corrected Price 
 
In the event that the Price of the Fund Unit used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component as 
determined and published by the Relevant Exchange is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Relevant Exchange after the original publication, but until the 
Redemption Date (exclusive), the Issuer and the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to effect, under con-
sideration of the Corrected Price, adjustments to these Conditions at their reasonable discretion, to ac-
count for the correction. The adjustment and the date it is applied for the first time shall be published 
without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. 
9.          Making of Adjustments and Determinations, Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt the required adjustment. Any adjustment or de-
termination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error. 
10.        Effectiveness of Adjustments and Determinations

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
Any adjustment and determination will become effective as of the time at which the relevant adjustments 
become effective on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange or would become effective, if the Option 
Contracts were traded on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, as the case may be.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
[Only in the case of a Fund Unit as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as specified in 
the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, the following 
§ 6 (i) of these Conditions apply:] 
 
§ 6 (i) 
Adjustments in connection with a Fund Unit 
1.          Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
If a Potential Adjustment Event (§ 6 (i) (2) of these Conditions) in respect of the Fund Unit used as the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, as the Basket Component, occurs or is likely to occur, the Calculation Agent may, if it 
determines at its reasonable discretion, that such event is material and adversely affects the Underlying 
or, as the case may be, the Basket Component, or the calculation of the NAV of the Fund Unit, 
 
a) make any adjustments to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment 
terms or any other terms in these Conditions that they determine at their reasonable discretion to 
be appropriate to account for the effect of such Potential Adjustment Event, and/or 
 
b) select, by using reasonable efforts for a period of no longer than five (5) Business Days from the 
date when such a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred, one or more suitable alternative funds 
with reasonably similar investment mandates – subject to the following suitability criteria – (each 
a "Replacement Fund") and replace the Fund by such fund(s). 
 
The replacement of the Fund by one or more alternative Replacement Funds is only possible 
provided that all of the following suitability criteria are met: 
 
(i) The relevant fund management company/ies and fund manager(s) are willing to allow 
the fund to be referenced in the Securities. 
 
(ii) There is no legal or regulatory restriction on referencing the fund in respect of the Secu-
rities. 
 
(iii) The Issuer is able to trade at net asset value or at bid price in the fund with no direct or 
indirect fee, levy or other charge whatsoever, including subscription of redemption pen-
alties applicable, or potentially applicable, to any such trading or any interest so ac-
quired. 
 
(iv) The Replacement Fund is constituted as an open-ended investment company incorpo-
rated in an OECD country. 
 
(v) The relevant fund management company / fund manager publishes the fund’s net asset 
value or bid price on a daily basis. 
 
(vi) The Hedging Counterparty is able to fully hedge its position with respect to the fund. 
2.          Occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means, subject to § 6 (n) of these Conditions, any of the following: 
 
a) a material change in the investment strategy, underlying portfolio liquidity or the risk/return pro-
file of the Fund, a material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, 
investment restrictions, investment process or investment guidelines of the Fund (howsoever de-
scribed, including the underlying type of assets in which the Fund invests) from those set out in

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
the Fund offer documentation or other constitutional documents or any announcement regarding 
a potential modification or material deviation, except where such modification or deviation is of 
a formal, minor or technical nature; 
 
b) the Fund or any service provider to the Fund such as investment advisors, investment managers, 
custodians, depositaries, administrators, management companies etc. (each, a "Fund Service Pro-
vider") (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of a Fund Service Provider, ceases to provide its 
services to the Fund and is not immediately replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable 
to the Calculation Agent, (ii) is dissolved or has a resolution passed, or there is any proposal, for 
its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insol-
vency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); or (iii) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under 
the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the events specified 
above; 
 
c) any suspension, a change in the periodicity and/or material modification of the method of calcu-
lating the NAV per Fund Unit set out in the fund documents on the Fixing Date; 
 
d) any change in the currency of denomination of the NAV of the relevant class of shares of the 
Fund, or the NAV of the Fund, as calculated by its administrator, not being calculated or an-
nounced for any scheduled Fund Business Day within the time period when the Calculation 
Agent would ordinarily expect such NAV to be available; 
 
e) the creation by the Fund of any illiquid share class or unit (howsoever described) or if the Fund 
is part of an umbrella structure with more than one sub-fund, a cross-contamination or other 
failure to segregate the portfolio of assets held by the Fund occurs between different series, clas-
ses and/or sub-funds; 
 
f) the regulatory, legal, accounting or tax treatment applicable with respect to the Issuer or the Fund 
is changed; 
 
g) there exists any litigation against the Fund or a Fund Service Provider and/or an allegation of 
criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the Fund, which in the reasonable determi-
nation of the Calculation Agent could materially affect the value of the Fund Units or the rights 
or remedies of any investor in such Fund Units; 
 
h) any review or investigation of the activities of the Fund or any Fund Service Provider, by a 
relevant regulator, in connection with suspected or alleged wrongdoing or breach of any rule or 
regulation, or other similar reason, or any disciplinary action taken by such regulator in conse-
quence thereof. which in the reasonable determination of the Calculation Agent could materially 
affect the value of the Fund Units or the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Units; 
 
i) a relevant authorization or license is revoked, lapses or is under review by a competent authority 
in respect of the Fund or a Fund Service Provider or new conditions are imposed, or existing 
conditions varied, with respect to any such authorization or license which in the reasonable de-
termination of the Calculation Agent could materially affect the value of the Fund Units or the 
rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Units; 
 
j) the assets under management of the Fund fall below EUR 50,000,000 or the equivalent in any 
other currency; 
 
k) the Issuer is the beneficial owner of 5 per cent. or more of the Fund Units of the Fund or a relevant 
class of the Fund;

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
l) any arrangement between the Issuer and the Fund and/or a Fund Service Provider, including 
arrangements relating to subscriptions in and redemptions of Fund Units, being changed or ter-
minated., where such change, modification or termination has a direct impact on the pricing of 
the Securities; 
 
m) the occurrence of any event, which prevents, hinders or materially impairs the Issuer's ability to 
conduct its hedging activities, or materially increases the cost to the Issuer of hedging arrange-
ments, in relation to its exposure under these Securities including but not limited to, any event 
that renders the Issuer unable to or makes it impracticable for the Issuer to (A) acquire, establish, 
re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset it deems neces-
sary to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Securities or (B) to realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction or asset, including, without limitation, where such inability or 
impracticability has arisen by reason of (aa) any restrictions or increase in charges or fees im-
posed by the Fund on any investor's ability to redeem a Fund Unit, in whole or in part, or any 
existing or new investor's ability to make new or additional investments in such Fund Unit, or 
(bb) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such units in the Fund; 
 
n) the occurrence of a Fund Change in Law, where a "Fund Change in Law" means that due to the 
occurrence, on or after the Issue Date of the Securities, of any of the following: 
 
(i) the adoption, taking effect or implementation of any law, order rule, regulation, decree, 
notice or treaty; 
 
(ii) any change in any law, order, rule, regulation, decree, notice or treaty or in the admin-
istration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof, whether formal or infor-
mal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority, governmental authority or similar ad-
ministrative or judicial body; or 
 
(iii) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether formal or 
informal or not having the force of law) by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority, 
governmental authority or similar administrative or judicial body; provided that (x) the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the European Market 
Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR) as amended by the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Regulation (MiFIR), the Markets in Financial Instruments Directives (MiFID I and Mi-
FID II) or any structural reform regulation of the European banking sector and all re-
quests, rules, guidelines, directives or interpretations thereunder or issued in connection 
therewith or the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof and 
(y) all requests, rules, guidelines, directives or interpretations promulgated by the Bank 
for International Settlements, the Basel Committee(or any successor or similar author-
ity), the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority or its successors (FINMA) or the 
United States or foreign regulatory authorities, or the administration, interpretation, im-
plementation or application thereof shall each be deemed to be a "Fund Change in Law", 
regardless of the date enacted, adopted issued or applied,  
 
at the reasonable discretion of the Issuer 
 
(iv) the holding, acquisition or sale of the Fund Units of the Fund is or becomes wholly or 
partially illegal or 
 
(v) the costs associated with the obligations under the Securities have increased substantially 
(including but not limited to an increase in tax obligations, the reduction of tax benefits 
or negative consequences with regard to tax treatment); 
 
o) one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the Fund or a Fund

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity, and the relevant Fund Service Provider fails to 
appoint a replacement having similar qualifications to those of the key individual or individuals 
ceasing to act, provided that the Fund's offer documents or other constitutional documents con-
tain provisions pertaining to the occurrence of such a key person event; 
 
p) any other event or circumstance, which, in the reasonable determination of the Calculation 
Agent, causes the terms of these Securities to no longer reflect the original commercial terms 
agreed by the Issuer and the Securityholders or adversely affects the economic basis on which 
the Issuer issued the Securities; 
 
q) at any time after the Issue Date, the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates would incur an increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, reserve or 
similar requirements in relation to the Securities, capital and/or funding costs, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) or hedging costs (including, but not limited to, regulatory 
capital or operational requirements required from a Fund Change in Law) to maintain the Secu-
rities. 
 
The provisions set out above shall apply mutatis mutandis to any other event or circumstance, which 
causes the terms of the Securities to no longer reflect the original commercial terms agreed by the Issuer 
and the Securityholders or adversely affects the economic basis on which the Issuer issued the Securities. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Fund as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, shall, 
to the extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Replacement Fund. 
3.          Corrected Price 
 
In the event that the price of the Fund Unit used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, as 
determined and published by a Fund Service Provider on behalf the Fund is subsequently corrected and 
the correction (the "Corrected Price") is published by a Fund Service Provider on behalf of the Fund after 
the original publication, but still within one Settlement Cycle, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent shall 
be entitled to effect, under consideration of the Corrected Price, adjustments to these Conditions at their 
reasonable discretion, to account for the correction. The adjustment and the date it is applied for the first 
time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. 
4.          Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt the required adjustment. Any adjustment or de-
termination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
[Only in the case of a futures contract as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as 
specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, 
the following § 6 (j) of these Conditions apply:] 
 
§ 6 (j) 
Adjustments in connection with a Futures Contract 
1.          Expiration of the Futures Contract 
 
Upon expiration or reaching the Minimum Tenor of the futures contract used as the Underlying or, if in 
the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, 
of the Basket Component, during the Term of the Securities, the futures contract will be replaced on the 
Rollover Date by the futures contract with the next Expiration Date as relevant new Underlying or, as 
the case may be, Basket Component (the "Current Underlying" or, if in the applicable Product Terms in 
the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the "Current Basket Component", 
(the "Rollover"). If, at that time, the Issuer determines that there is no futures contract with the next 
Expiration Date, the terms or contractual characteristics of which match those of the futures contract used 
as the Underlying or, as the case may be, as the Basket Component, to be replaced, paragraph (4) shall 
apply accordingly. 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make at its reasonable discretion and considering the prices determined for 
the purpose of the Rollover on the basis of the price of the futures contract used as the Underlying or, if 
in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, 
as the Basket Component, and of the Current Underlying or, as the case may be, the Current Basket 
Component on the Rollover Date, adjustments to these Conditions to account for the Rollover, to the 
extent as the Issuer considers such adjustment necessary when replacing the expiring futures contract by 
the Current Underlying or, as the case may be, the Current Basket Component. At this, adjustments will 
be effected so that the economic value of the Securities is affected as less as possible by the Rollover. 
The adjustments in the context of a Rollover pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the 
Issuer at its reasonable discretion and shall be published on the website of the Issuer at https://en-dk.struc-
tured-products.saxo/. Any adjustment and determination shall be final, conclusive and binding on all 
parties, except where there is a manifest error. 
2.          Material change in the market conditions 
 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, a material change in the market 
conditions occurred in relation to the Relevant Reference Market relevant for the calculation and deter-
mination of the price of the futures contract used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, the 
Issuer shall be entitled to adjust any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment 
terms or any other terms in these Conditions to account for the effect of these changed market conditions. 
3.          Changes in the calculation; Making of Adjustments 
 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of the futures contract, shall not lead to an adjust-
ment unless the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, upon exercise of their reasonable discretion determine 
that the underlying concept and the calculation (including corrections) of the Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, of 
the Basket Component, are no longer comparable to the underlying concept or calculation of the Under-
lying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component applicable prior to such change. Adjustments may 
also be made as a result of the termination of the Underlying or the Basket Component and/or its substi-
tution by another underlying. 
o

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
For the purpose of making any adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall at its reasonable discretion deter-
mine an adjusted value per unit of the futures contract as the basis of the determination of the Price of 
the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, of the Basket Component, which in its result corresponds with the economic 
result prior to this change, and shall, taking into account the time the change occurred, determine the day, 
on which the adjusted value per unit of the futures contract shall apply for the first time. The adjusted 
value per unit of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component as well as the date of its 
first application shall be published without undue delay pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions. 
4.          Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, Successor Basket Component 
 
In the event that the futures contract ceases to exist and/or is replaced by a successor futures contract (by 
any parties other than the Issuer) (subject to § 6 (n) of these Conditions, a "Replacement Event"), the 
Calculation Agent shall, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 
8 of these Conditions, determine at its reasonable discretion after having made appropriate adjustments 
according to the paragraph above, which underlying, economically equal to the underlying concept of 
the futures contract used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, shall be applicable in 
the future (the "Successor Underlying" or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Under-
lying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the "Successor Basket Component" and to replace the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, the affected Basket Component by the Successor Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Successor 
Basket Component. 
 
The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket Component and the date it is 
applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Condi-
tions. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the defini-
tion of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the Basket Component shall, to the extent 
appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket 
Component. 
5.          Determination of a Substitute Reference Market 
 
If the quotation of or trading in the futures contract in the Relevant Reference Market is permanently 
discontinued while concurrently a quotation or trading is started up or maintained on another reference 
market, the Issuer shall be entitled to stipulate such other reference market as the new relevant reference 
market (the "Substitute Reference Market") through publication in accordance with § 14 of these Condi-
tions, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these Condi-
tions. In the case of such a substitution any reference in these Conditions to the Relevant Reference 
Market thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Reference Market. The adjustment described 
above shall be published in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions upon the expiry of one month 
following the permanent discontinuation of the quotation of or trading in the Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, in 
the Basket Component, in the Relevant Reference Market at the latest. 
6.          Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt the required adjustment. Any adjustment or de-
termination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
[Only in the case of an interest rate as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as specified 
in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, the fol-
lowing § 6 (k) of these Conditions apply:] 
 
§ 6 (k) 
Adjustments in connection with the Interest Rate 
1.          Material change in the market conditions 
 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, a material change in the market 
conditions occurred in relation to the Relevant Reference Market relevant for the calculation and deter-
mination of the price of the interest rate used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in 
the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, the 
Issuer shall be entitled to adjust any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment 
terms or any other terms in these Conditions to account for the effect of these changed market conditions. 
2.          Changes in the calculation; Making of Adjustments 
 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of the interest rate, shall not lead to an adjustment 
unless the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, upon exercise of their reasonable discretion determine that 
the underlying concept and the calculation (including corrections) of the Underlying or, if in the appli-
cable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, of the 
Basket Component, are no longer comparable to the underlying concept or calculation of the Underlying 
or, as the case may be, the Basket Component applicable prior to such change. Adjustments may also be 
made as a result of the termination of the Underlying or the Basket Component and/or its substitution by 
another underlying. 
 
For the purpose of making any adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall at its reasonable discretion deter-
mine an adjusted value per unit of the interest rate as the basis of the determination of the Price of the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, of the Basket Component, which in its result corresponds with the economic result prior 
to this change, and shall, taking into account the time the change occurred, determine the day, on which 
the adjusted value per unit of the interest rate shall apply for the first time. The adjusted value per unit of 
the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component, as well as the date of its first application 
shall be published without undue delay pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions. 
3.          Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, Successor Basket Component 
 
In the event that: 
 
a) the authorisation of the Issuer or of the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, to use the interest 
rate used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underly-
ing" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Basket Component for the purposes of the Se-
curities is terminated or otherwise ceases to exist or 
 
b) the interest rate (or the publication thereof) has been permanently discontinued and/or replaced 
by a successor interest rate (by any parties other than the Issuer) 
 
(subject to § 6 (n) of these Conditions, a "Replacement Event") the Calculation Agent shall determine at 
its reasonable discretion, after having made appropriate adjustments according to the paragraph above, 
which interest rate shall be applicable in the future (the "Successor Underlying" or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the "Successor 
Basket Component") and to replace the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the affected Basket Component by the Successor 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, the Successor Basket Component. 
 
The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket Component and the date it is 
applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Condi-
tions. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the defini-
tion of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the Basket Component shall, to the extent 
appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket 
Component. 
4.          Determination of a Substitute Reference Market 
 
If the calculation or publication of the interest rate in the Relevant Reference Market is permanently 
discontinued while concurrently a calculation and publication is started up or maintained on another 
reference market, the Issuer shall be entitled to stipulate such other reference market as the new relevant 
reference market (the "Substitute Reference Market") through publication in accordance with § 14 of 
these Conditions, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of 
these Conditions. In the case of such a substitution any reference in these Conditions to the Relevant 
Reference Market thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Reference Market. The adjustment 
described above shall be published in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions upon the expiry of one 
month following the permanent discontinuation of the calculation and publication of the Underlying or, 
if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be appli-
cable, of the Basket Component in the Relevant Reference Market at the latest. 
5.          Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt the required adjustment. Any adjustment or de-
termination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
[Only in the case of a currency exchange rate as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, 
as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final 
Terms, the following § 6 (l) of these Conditions apply:] 
 
§ 6 (l) 
Adjustments in connection with a Currency Exchange Rate 
1.          Material change in the market conditions 
 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, a material change in the market 
conditions occurred in relation to the Relevant Exchange Market relevant for the calculation and deter-
mination of the price of the currency exchange rate used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Compo-
nent, the Issuer shall be entitled to adjust any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, 
payment terms or any other terms in these Conditions to count for these changed market conditions. 
2.          Changes in the calculation; Making of Adjustments 
 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of the currency exchange rate or of the composi-
tion or of the weighting of the prices or other reference assets, which form the basis of the calculation of 
the currency exchange rate, shall not lead to an adjustment unless the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, 
upon exercise of their reasonable discretion, determine that the underlying concept and the calculation 
(including corrections) of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Un-
derlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, of the Basket Component, are no longer comparable 
to the underlying concept or calculation of the Underlying or the Basket Component applicable prior to 
such change. Adjustments may also be made as a result of the termination of the Underlying or the Basket 
Component and/or its substitution by another underlying. 
 
For the purpose of making any adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall at its reasonable discretion de-
termine an adjusted value per unit of the currency exchange rate as the basis of the determination of the 
Price of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" 
is specified to be applicable, of the Basket Component, which in its result corresponds with the economic 
result prior to this change, and shall, taking into account the time the change occurred, determine the day, 
on which the adjusted value per unit of the currency exchange rate shall apply for the first time. The 
adjusted value per unit of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component, as well as the 
date of its first application shall be published without undue delay pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions. 
3.          Replacement or Merger 
 
In the event that a currency used in relation to the currency exchange rate is, in its function as legal tender, 
in the country or jurisdiction, or countries or jurisdictions, maintaining the authority, institution or other 
body which issues such currency, replaced by another currency, or merged with another currency to 
become a common currency, subject to § 6 (n) of these Conditions, a "Replacement Event”) the currency 
used in connection with the currency exchange rate used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Compo-
nent, is, provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these Condi-
tions, for the purposes of these Conditions replaced, if applicable, after having made appropriate adjust-
ments according to the paragraph above, by such replacing or merged currency (the "Successor Under-
lying" or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to 
be applicable, the "Successor Basket Component").

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket Component, and the date it is 
applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Condi-
tions. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the defini-
tion of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the Basket Component, shall, to the 
extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor 
Basket Component. 
4.          Determinations of a Substitute Exchange Market 
 
If the quotation of or trading in the currency used in connection with the currency exchange rate on the 
Relevant Exchange Market is permanently discontinued while concurrently a quotation or trading is 
started up or maintained on another international FX market, the Issuer shall be entitled to stipulate such 
other international FX market as the new relevant international FX market (the "Substitute Exchange 
Market") through publication in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions, provided that the Issuer has 
not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these Conditions. In the case of such a substitution, 
any reference in these Conditions to the Relevant Exchange Market thereafter shall be deemed to refer 
to the Substitute Exchange Market. The adjustment described above shall be published in accordance 
with § 14 of these Conditions upon the expiry of one month following the permanent discontinuation of 
the quotation of or trading in the currency used in connection with the currency exchange rate used as 
the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, in the Basket Component, on the Relevant Exchange Market, at the latest. 
5.          Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt the required adjustment. Any adjustment or de-
termination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
[Only in the case of a reference rate as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as specified 
in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, the fol-
lowing § 6 (m) of these Conditions apply:] 
 
§ 6 (m) 
Adjustments in connection with a Reference Rate 
1.          Material change in market conditions 
 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, a material change in the market 
conditions occurred in relation to the Relevant Reference Market relevant for the calculation and deter-
mination of the price of the reference rate used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, as the Basket Component, the 
Issuer shall be entitled to adjust any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment 
terms or any other terms in these Conditions to account for the effect of these changed market conditions. 
2.          Changes in the calculation; Making of Adjustments 
 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of the reference rate, shall not lead to an adjust-
ment unless the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, upon exercise of their reasonable discretion determine 
that the underlying concept and the calculation (including corrections) of the Underlying or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the 
Basket Component, are no longer comparable to the underlying concept or calculation of the Underlying 
or, as the case may be, the Basket Component, applicable prior to such change. Adjustments may also be 
made as a result of the termination of the Underlying or the Basket Component and/or its substitution by 
another underlying. 
 
For the purpose of making any adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall at its reasonable discretion deter-
mine an adjusted value per unit of the reference rate as the basis of the determination of the Price of the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, of the Basket Component, which in its result corresponds with the economic result prior 
to this change, and shall, taking into account the time the change occurred, determine the day, on which 
the adjusted value per unit of the reference rate shall apply for the first time. The adjusted value per unit 
of the Underlying or, as the case may be, the Basket Component, as well as the date of its first application 
shall be published without undue delay pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions. 
3.          Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, Successor Basket Component 
 
In the event that: 
 
a) the authorisation of the Issuer or of the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, to use the reference 
rate used as the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underly-
ing" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Basket Component for the purposes of the Se-
curities is terminated or otherwise ceases to exist or 
 
b) the reference rate (or the publication thereof) has been permanently discontinued and/or replaced 
by a successor reference rate (by any parties other than the Issuer) 
 
(subject to § 6 (n) of these Conditions, a "Replacement Event") the Calculation Agent shall determine at 
its reasonable discretion, after having made appropriate adjustments according to the paragraph above, 
which reference rate shall be applicable in the future (the "Successor Underlying" or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the "Successor 
Basket Component") and to replace the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the affected Basket Component by the Successor 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, the Successor Basket Component. 
 
The Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, the Successor Basket Component and the date it is 
applied for the first time shall be published without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Condi-
tions. 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the defini-
tion of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the Basket Component shall, to the extent 
appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Underlying or, as the case may be, to the Successor 
Basket Component. 
4.          Determination of a Substitute Reference Market 
 
If the calculation or publication of the reference rate in the Relevant Reference Market or, as the case 
may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, by the Relevant Reference Agent, is perma-
nently discontinued while concurrently a calculation and publication is started up or maintained on an-
other reference market or, as the case may be, by another reference agent, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
stipulate such other reference market or reference agent as the new relevant reference market (the "Sub-
stitute Reference Market") or the new relevant reference agent (the "Substitute Reference Agent"), as the 
case may be, through publication in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions, provided that the Issuer 
has not terminated the Securities in accordance with § 8 of these Conditions. In the case of such a sub-
stitution any reference in these Conditions to the Relevant Reference Market or, as the case may be, the 
Relevant Reference Agent thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Reference Market or the 
Substitute Reference Agent, as the case may be. The adjustment described above shall be published in 
accordance with § 14 of these Conditions upon the expiry of one month following the permanent discon-
tinuation of the calculation and publication of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in 
the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, of the Basket Component, in the 
Relevant Reference Market or, as the case may be, by the Relevant Reference Agent, at the latest. 
5.          Making of Adjustments and Determinations; Publication 
 
Adjustments and determinations pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable discretion, under consideration of the market 
conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the Securities. The Issuer reserves the right to 
determine at its reasonable discretion in cases of doubt the required adjustment. Any adjustment or de-
termination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions and shall be 
final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
[Only in the case that in the definition of "Securities" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant 
Final Terms the product feature "Benchmark Adjustment" is specified to be applicable, the following § 6 (n) of 
these Conditions applies:] 
 
§ 6 (n) 
Benchmark Adjustments 
1.          Underlyings and Basket Component as a Benchmark 
 
In the event that 
 
a) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines that the Underlying or, if in 
the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be ap-
plicable, a Basket Component, whose price is used to determine: 
 
(i) any amount payable under these Conditions, or 
 
(ii) the value of the Securities, 
 
qualifies as a "benchmark" within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (where the affected 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, the affected Basket Component, is also referred to as "Benchmark")), and 
 
b) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, is, due to the coming into effect (follow-
ing any transitional provisions) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation on or after the Issue Date of 
the Securities, 
 
(i) either no longer able to use the Benchmark for the purposes of the Securities or 
 
(ii) has control over the provision of the Benchmark (administrator) within the meaning of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation without having the appropriate authorisation, registra-
tion, recognition, endorsement, equivalence, approval or inclusion in any official register 
which, in each case, is required under any applicable law or regulation for the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, to perform its or their respective obligations 
under these Conditions, 
 
this event shall also constitute a "Replacement Event" or, in case of Fund Units, a "Potential Adjustment 
Event" in relation to the affected Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the affected Basket Component, for the purposes 
of these Conditions. 
2.          Other Values or References as Benchmark 
 
In the event that 
 
a) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines that any other value or refer-
ence in these Conditions is used to determine: 
 
(i) any amount payable under these Conditions, or 
 
(ii) the value of the Securities, 
 
qualifies as a "benchmark" within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (where the affected 
value or the affected reference is also referred to as "Benchmark")), and

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
b) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, is, due to the coming into effect (follow-
ing any transitional provisions) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation on or after the Issue Date of 
the Securities, no longer able to use the Benchmark for the purposes of the Securities, the Cal-
culation Agent shall determine with good intent and at their reasonable discretion, after having 
made appropriate adjustments to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, 
payment terms or any other terms in these Conditions, which value or reference rate shall be 
applicable in the future and to replace the affected Benchmark. 
 
Determinations of a succeeding value or reference rate and the date it is applied for the first time and any 
related adjustments of these Conditions shall be effected by the Calculation Agent, at its reasonable dis-
cretion, under consideration of the market conditions then prevailing and preserving the value of the 
Securities. Any adjustment or determination shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of 
these Conditions and shall be final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest 
error.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
§ 7 
Adjustments due to the European Economic and Monetary Union 
1.          Redenomination 
 
Where a country participates in the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union, whether 
as from 1999 or after such date, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at their reasonable discretion, shall 
be entitled to make the following adjustments to these Conditions: 
 
a) Where the Redemption Currency under these Conditions is the national currency unit other than 
Euro of a country which is participating in the third stage of the European Economic and Mone-
tary Union, whether as from 1999 or after such date, such Redemption Currency shall be deemed 
to be an amount of Euro converted from the original Redemption Currency into Euro at the stat-
utory applicable exchange rate and subject to such statutory applicable rounding provisions. 
 
After the adjustment, all payments in respect of the Securities will be made solely in Euro as 
though references in the Securities to the Redemption Currency were to Euro. 
 
b) Where these Conditions contain a currency conversion rate or any of these Conditions are ex-
pressed in a currency of a country which is participating in the third stage of the European Eco-
nomic and Monetary Union, whether as from 1999 or after such date, such currency conversion 
rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions shall be deemed to be expressed in or, in the case 
of a currency conversion rate, converted for or, as the case may be, into, Euro at the statutory 
applicable exchange rate. 
 
c) The Issuer and the Calculation Agent are entitled to adjust these Conditions as they may decide 
to conform them to conventions then applicable to instruments expressed in Euro. 
 
d) The Issuer and the Calculation Agent at their reasonable discretion shall be entitled to make such 
adjustments to these Conditions as they may determine to be appropriate to account for the effect 
of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty estab-
lishing the European Community on these Conditions. 
2.          No liability of the by the Issuer and the Security Agents 
 
The Issuer and the Security Agents (§ 12 of these Conditions) shall not be liable to any Securityholder 
or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to, or resulting from the transfer 
of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
3.          Publication 
 
The adjustments and determinations of the Issuer pursuant to the paragraphs above shall be effected by 
the Issuer at its reasonable discretion or, as the case may be, by the Calculation Agent and shall be pub-
lished by the Issuer in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. Any adjustment and determination shall 
be final, conclusive and binding on all parties, except where there is a manifest error.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
§ 8 
Extraordinary Termination Right of the Issuer 
1.          Termination by the Issuer 
 
The Issuer shall in the case of the occurrence of one of the following Termination Events, be entitled to 
terminate and redeem all but not some of the Securities by giving notice to the Securityholders in accord-
ance with § 14 of these Conditions. Such termination shall become effective at the time of the notice in 
accordance with § 14 of these Conditions or at the time indicated in the notice (the "Termination Date"). 
2.          Occurrence of a Termination Event 
 
A "Termination Event" means any of the following events: 
 
a) The determination and/or publication of the Price of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Prod-
uct Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, of a Basket 
Component, is discontinued permanently, or the Issuer or the Calculation Agent obtains 
knowledge about the intention to do so. 
 
b) Adjustments pursuant to § 6 (a) – (n) of these Conditions are not possible or not justifiable with 
regard to the Issuer and/or the Securityholders. 
 
c) In the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, another material change in 
the market conditions occurred in relation to the Relevant Exchange, the Relevant Trading Sys-
tem, the Relevant Exchange Market, the Relevant Reference Market or, as the case may be, in 
relation to the Relevant Reference Agent, as specified to be applicable in the relevant Product 
Terms. 
 
d) The occurrence of any Additional Termination Event as specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Security Product. 
 
e) The occurrence of a Change in Law and/or a Hedging Disruption and/or an Increased Cost of 
Hedging. 
 
In this context: 
 
"Change in Law" means that due to 
 
(i) the coming into effect of changes in laws or regulations (including but not limited to tax 
laws); or 
 
(ii) a change in relevant case law or administrative practice (including but not limited to the 
administrative practice of the tax authorities), 
at the reasonable discretion of the Issuer 
 
(iii) the holding, acquisition or sale of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, of a Basket 
Component, is or becomes wholly or partially illegal; or 
 
(iv) the costs associated with the obligations under the Securities have increased substantially 
(including but not limited to an increase in tax obligations, the reduction of tax benefits 
or negative consequences with regard to tax treatment), 
 
if such changes become effective on or after the Issue Date of the Securities.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Counterparty is not able to 
 
(i) close, continue or carry out transactions or acquire, exchange, hold or sell assets (respec-
tively) which at the reasonable discretion of the Hedging Counterparty are needed by the 
Hedging Counterparty in order to provide protection against price risk or other risks with 
regard to obligations under the Securities, or 
 
(ii) realise, reclaim or pass on proceeds from such transactions or assets (respectively) under 
conditions which are economically substantially equal to those on the Issue Date of the 
Securities. 
 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Counterparty has to pay a substantially 
higher amount of taxes, duties, expenditures and fees (with the exception of broker fees) com-
pared to the Issue Date in order to 
 
(i) close, continue or carry out transactions or acquire, exchange, hold or sell assets (respec-
tively) which at the reasonable discretion of the Hedging Counterparty are needed in 
order to provide protection against price risk or other risks with regard to obligations 
under the Securities, or 
 
(ii) realise, reclaim or pass on proceeds from such transactions or assets, respectively, with 
increased costs due to a deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Counter-
party not to be considered Increased Cost of Hedging. 
3.          Payment of the Termination Amount 
 
In the case of termination by the Issuer, the Issuer shall pay to each Securityholder with respect to each 
Security it holds, the Termination Amount as specified to be applicable in the relevant Product Terms.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
[Only in the case that in the definition of "Securities" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant 
Final Terms the product feature "Securityholder's Extraordinary Termination Right" is specified to be appli-
cable, the following § 9 of these Conditions applies:] 
 
§ 9 
Extraordinary Termination Right of the Securityholder 
 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs, any Securityholder may by written 
notice to the Issuer declare the Securities held by it to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the 
Securityholder Termination Amount as specified in the relevant Product Terms together with accrued 
interest to the date of payment, if any, shall become immediately due and payable, unless such Event of 
Default shall have been remedied prior to the receipt of such notice by the Issuer: 
 
a) there is a default for more than 30 days in the payment of any principal due in respect of the 
Security; or 
 
b) there is a default in the performance by the Issuer of any other obligation under the Securities 
which is incapable of remedy or which, being a default capable of remedy, continues for 60 days 
after written notice of such default has been given by any Securityholder to the Issuer; or 
 
c) any order is made by any competent court or other authority in any jurisdiction or any resolution 
is passed by the Issuer (a) for the dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer, or (b) for the appoint-
ment of a liquidator, receiver or administrator of the Issuer or of all or a substantial part of the 
Issuer’s assets, or (c) with analogous effect for the Issuer, it is understood that anything in con-
nection with a solvent reorganisation, reconstruction, amalgamation or merger shall not consti-
tute an event of default; or 
 
d) the Issuer stops payment or is unable to, or admits to creditors generally its inability to, pay its 
debts as they fall due, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent, or enters into any com-
position or other arrangements with its creditors generally.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
§ 10 
Taxes 
 
In case any deduction or withholding of Taxes (as defined below) is required by law or administrative 
practice in the future, any payments in respect of the Securities shall in such cases only be made after 
deduction and withholding of such future taxes, levies or governmental charges, regardless of their na-
ture, which are imposed, levied, withheld or assessed (the "Taxes") by Denmark or any political subdi-
vision or taxing authority thereof or therein. In such case, the Issuer shall account for the deducted or 
withheld Taxes with the competent government agencies and will not be required or liable to pay any 
additional amounts. 
 
In addition, payments on the Securities will be subject to (i) any withholding or deduction required pur-
suant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
“Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code 
(“871(m) Withholding”).  In determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to 
any amounts to be paid on the Securities, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any “dividend equiv-
alent” (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such 
payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under 
applicable law.  Payments on the Securities that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. 
securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate 
of 70%.  In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, 
and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined 
in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any 
additional amounts to the Securityholder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
§ 11 
Market Disruptions 
1.          Consequences of a Market Disruption 
 
[(a)  
Provided that the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, is not an index com-
prising commodities or precious metals as Components, where a "Consideration of Compo-
nents" is specified to be applicable, as specified in the definition of "Securities" contained in the 
section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, the following applies:] 
 
If, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at their reasonable discretion, a Market Disrup-
tion (§ 11 (3) of these Conditions) prevails on the Fixing Date or any day in respect of which the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, is in accordance with these Conditions required to determine 
the Price of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Price of the Basket Component for purposes other than, if 
specified in the applicable Product Terms, the determination of the occurrence of a Stop Loss Event or, 
as the case may be, Knock Out Event (such date is referred to as the "Scheduled Determination Date"), 
the Scheduled Determination Date, 
 
[If in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Individual Determination" is spec-
ified to be applicable,] 
 
in relation to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the affected Basket Component only or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be ap-
plicable, to the affected Component only, 
 
[If in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Collective Determination" is spec-
ified to be applicable,] 
 
in relation to all Underlyings or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, to all Basket Components or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, to all 
Components, 
 
shall be postponed to the next succeeding Underlying Calculation Date or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the next succeeding 
Basket Component Calculation Date, on which no Market Disruption prevails. The Issuer shall endeav-
our to notify the parties pursuant to § 14 of these Conditions without delay of the occurrence of a Market 
Disruption. However, there is no notification obligation. 
 
[(b)  
Only in case of an index comprising commodities or precious metals as Components, where a 
"Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, as the Underlying or a Basket 
Component, as the case may be, as specified in the definition of "Securities" contained in the 
section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, the following applies:] 
 
If, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at their reasonable discretion, a Market Disrup-
tion (see (3) of this § 11 of these Conditions) prevails on the Fixing Date or any day in respect of which 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, is in accordance with these Conditions required 
to determine the Price of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Un-
derlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Price of the Basket Component (such date is re-
ferred to as the "Scheduled Determination Date"), the Scheduled Determination Date,

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
[If in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Individual Determination" is spec-
ified to be applicable,] 
 
in relation to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the affected Basket Component only, 
 
[If in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Collective Determination" is spec-
ified to be applicable,] 
 
in relation to all Underlyings or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, to all Basket Components, shall be postponed to the next succeed-
ing Underlying Calculation Date or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" 
a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the next succeeding Basket Component Calculation Date, on 
which no Market Disruption prevails. The Issuer shall endeavour to notify the parties pursuant to § 14 of 
these Conditions without delay of the occurrence of a Market Disruption. However, there is no notifica-
tion obligation. 
 
With respect to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the Basket Component or, as the case may be, the affected 
Component, such prevailing Market Disruption causes that the Price of the Underlying or, if in the ap-
plicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the 
Price of the Basket Component, shall not be determined by reference to the official closing price of the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified 
to be applicable, to the official closing price of the Basket Component, if any, on the relevant Scheduled 
Determination Date but shall instead be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
(i) with respect to each Component which is not affected by the Market Disruption, the Price of the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, the Price of the Basket Component, will be based on the settlement 
price of such Component on the relevant Scheduled Determination Date; 
 
(ii) with respect to each Component which is affected by the Market Disruption, the Price of the 
Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is 
specified to be applicable, the Price of the Basket Component, will be based on the settlement 
price of each such Component on the first succeeding Underlying Calculation Date or, if in the 
applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applica-
ble, to the next succeeding Basket Component Calculation Date on which no Market Disruption 
prevails. 
2.         Continuance of a Market Disruption 
 
[(a)  
Provided that the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, is not an index com-
prising commodities or precious metals as Components, where a "Consideration of Compo-
nents" is specified to be applicable, as specified in the definition of "Securities" contained in the 
section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, the following applies:] 
 
If the Scheduled Determination Date has been postponed, due to the provisions of § 11(1) of these Con-
ditions, by eight Underlying Calculation Dates or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, by eight Basket Component Calculation Dates, 
and if the Market Disruption continues to prevail on this day, this day shall be the relevant day in respect 
of which the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall make its determination in accord-
ance with these Conditions,

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
[If in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Individual Determination" is spec-
ified to be applicable,] 
 
in relation to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the affected Basket Component or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, to 
the affected Component, 
 
[If in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Collective Determination" is spec-
ified to be applicable,] 
 
in relation to all Underlyings or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, to all Basket Components or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, to all 
Components, no further postponement shall take place. 
 
The Calculation Agent will then, at its reasonable discretion and taking into account (i) the market con-
ditions then prevailing and (ii) such other conditions or factors as the Issuer and the Calculation Agent 
reasonably consider to be relevant, estimate the relevant Price of the Underlying or, if in the applicable 
Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the relevant 
Price of the (affected) Basket Component or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Se-
curities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, the relevant price of the affected 
Component, in relation to the postponed Scheduled Determination Date (which for the avoidance of 
doubt could be zero (0)) on the basis of the latest Prices of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product 
Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, Prices of the Basket 
Component or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of 
Components" is specified to be applicable, prices of the affected Component, available to the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent, taking into account the economic position of the Securityholders. 
 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, an estimate in accordance with the 
preceding sub-paragraph is, for whatsoever reason, not possible, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent 
will, at their reasonable discretion and taking into account (i) the market conditions then prevailing, (ii) 
such other conditions or factors as the Issuer and the Calculation Agent reasonably consider to be rele-
vant, (iii) the expenses of the Issuer, if any, caused by the Market Disruption and (iv) taking into account 
the economic position of the Securityholders, determine whether and in which amount, if applicable, the 
Issuer will make payment of a redemption amount in the Redemption Currency, if any. The provisions 
of these Conditions relating to the Redemption Amount shall apply mutatis mutandis to such payment. 
 
[(b)  
Only in case of an index comprising commodities or precious metals as Components, where a 
"Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, as the Underlying or a Basket 
Component, as the case may be, as specified in the definition of "Securities" contained in the 
section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms, the following applies:] 
 
If the Scheduled Determination Date has been postponed, due to the provisions of § 11(1) of these Con-
ditions, by eight Underlying Calculation Dates or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, by eight Basket Component Calculation Dates, 
and if the Market Disruption continues to prevail on this day, this day shall be the relevant day in respect 
of which the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall make its determination in accord-
ance with these Conditions, 
 
[If in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Individual Determination" is spec-
ified to be applicable,]

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
in relation to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the affected Basket Component. 
 
[If in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Collective Determination" is spec-
ified to be applicable,] 
 
in relation to all Underlyings or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, to all Basket Components, no further postponement shall take 
place. 
 
With respect to the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a 
"Basket" is specified to be applicable, to the affected Basket Component, the Calculation Agent will then, 
at its reasonable discretion, determine the price of the relevant Component (which for the avoidance of 
doubt could be zero (0)). 
 
The Calculation Agent will determine the Price of the Underlying or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, the Price of the (affected) 
Basket Component, with respect to the relevant Scheduled Determination Date by using the prices of the 
Components determined pursuant to the aforementioned provisions relating to the Underlying or, if in 
the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Basket" is specified to be applicable, 
of the (affected) Basket Component, in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the 
Index applied by the Index Sponsor prior to the occurrence of the Market Disruption. 
3.          Occurrence of Market Disruption 
 
A "Market Disruption" shall mean 
 
[(A)  
in case of a share as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as specified in 
the definition of "Securities" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final 
Terms,] 
 
in relation to the share: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the share on any day relevant for 
determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction im-
posed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion considers 
significant: 
 
(i) on the Relevant Exchange in general (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the Relevant Exchange), or 
 
(ii) on the Relevant Exchange in the share provided that a major number or a major part in 
terms of market capitalisation is affected (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding lim-
its permitted by the Relevant Exchange), or 
 
(iii) on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, if Option Contracts on the share are 
traded there, or 
 
(iv) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a "Cur-
rency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the FX market(s) in which the rates 
for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
(v) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Exchange (e.g. due to movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange) or due to a moratorium, 
which is declared in respect of banking activities in the country, in which the Relevant 
Exchange is located, or due to any other reasons whatsoever, or 
 
c) the relevant price is a "limit price", which means that the price for the share for a day has in-
creased or decreased from the immediately preceding day’s relevant price by the maximum 
amount permitted under applicable rules of the Relevant Exchange, or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for the Share. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading hours on the Relevant Exchange announced in advance at least one (1) hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours on the Relevant Exchange 
or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Exchange for execution on the relevant 
day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due to price developments 
exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption if such restriction 
continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(B)  
in case of a Certificate representing shares as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the 
case may be, as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product 
Terms" of the relevant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the certificate representing shares: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the certificate representing shares 
on any day relevant for determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction im-
posed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion considers 
significant, 
 
(i) on the Relevant Exchange in general (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the Relevant Exchange), or 
 
(ii) on the Relevant Exchange in the certificate representing shares provided that a major 
number or a major part in terms of market capitalisation is affected (e.g. due to move-
ments in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange), 
 
(iii) on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, if Option Contracts on the certificate 
representing shares are traded there, or 
 
(iv) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a "Cur-
rency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the FX market(s) in which the rates 
for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(v) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Exchange (e.g. due to movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange) or due to a moratorium, 
which is declared in respect of banking activities in the country, in which the Relevant 
Exchange is located, or due to any other reasons whatsoever, or

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
c) the relevant price is a "limit price", which means that the price for the certificate representing 
shares for a day has increased or decreased from the immediately preceding day’s relevant price 
by the maximum amount permitted under applicable rules of the Relevant Exchange, or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for the certificate representing shares. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading hours on the Relevant Exchange announced in advance at least one (1) hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours on the Relevant Exchange 
or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Exchange for execution on the relevant 
day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due to price developments 
exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption if such restriction 
continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(C)  
in case of a non-equity security as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, 
as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the 
relevant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the non-equity security: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the non-equity security on any day 
relevant for determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction im-
posed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion considers 
significant: 
 
(i) in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms, in general (e.g. due to movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System, 
as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms), or 
 
(ii) in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms, in the non-equity security, provided that a 
major number or a major part is affected (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System, as the case may 
be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms), or 
 
(iii) on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, if Option Contracts on the non-equity 
security are traded there, or 
 
(iv) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a "Cur-
rency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the FX market(s) in which the rates 
for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(v) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading 
System, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, (e.g. due 
to movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the Rel-
evant Trading System, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms) or due to a moratorium, which is declared in respect of banking activities in the 
country, in which the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System is located, or

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
due to any other reasons whatsoever, or 
 
c) the relevant price is a "limit price", which means that the price for the Non-Equity Security for a 
day has increased or decreased from the immediately preceding day’s relevant price by the max-
imum amount permitted under applicable rules of the Relevant Trading System or the Relevant 
Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for the Non-Equity Security. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading hours in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case 
may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, announced in advance at least one (1) hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours in the Relevant Trading 
System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Trading System or into the 
Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, for execution 
on the relevant day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due to price 
developments exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption if such 
restriction continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(D)  
in case of a commodity as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as speci-
fied in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant 
Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the commodity: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the commodity on any day relevant 
for determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction im-
posed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion considers 
significant: 
 
(i) in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms, in general (e.g. due to movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System, 
as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms), or 
 
(ii) in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms, in the commodity, provided that a major 
number or a major part is affected (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits per-
mitted by the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System, as the case may be, 
and as specified in the applicable Product Terms), or 
 
(iii) on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, if Option Contracts on the commodity 
are traded there, or 
 
(iv) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a "Cur-
rency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the FX market(s) in which the rates 
for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
(v) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading 
System, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, (e.g. due 
to movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the Rel-
evant Trading System, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms) or due to a moratorium, which is declared in respect of banking activities in the 
country, in which the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System is located, or 
due to any other reasons whatsoever, or 
 
c) the relevant price is a "limit price", which means that the price for the commodity for a day has 
increased or decreased from the immediately preceding day’s relevant price by the maximum 
amount permitted under applicable rules of the Relevant Trading System or the Relevant Ex-
change, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for the commodity. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading hours in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case 
may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, announced in advance at least one (1) hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours in the Relevant Trading 
System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Trading System or into the 
Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, for execution 
on the relevant day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due to price 
developments exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption if such 
restriction continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(E)  
in case of a precious metal as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as 
specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the rele-
vant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the precious metal: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the precious metal on any day 
relevant for determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction im-
posed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion considers 
significant: 
 
(i) in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms, in general (e.g. due to movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System, 
as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms), or 
 
(ii) in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms, in the precious metal, provided that a major 
number or a major part is affected (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits per-
mitted by the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System, as the case may be, 
and as specified in the applicable Product Terms), or 
 
(iii) on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, if Option Contracts on the precious

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
metal are traded there, or 
 
(iv) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a "Cur-
rency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the FX market(s) in which the rates 
for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(v) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading 
System, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, (e.g. due 
to movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the Rel-
evant Trading System, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms) or due to a moratorium, which is declared in respect of banking activities in the 
country, in which the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System is located, or 
due to any other reasons whatsoever, or 
 
c) the relevant price is a "limit price", which means that the price for the precious metal for a day 
has increased or decreased from the immediately preceding day’s relevant price by the maximum 
amount permitted under applicable rules of the Relevant Trading System or the Relevant Ex-
change, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for the precious metal. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading hours in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case 
may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, announced in advance at least one (1) hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours in the Relevant Trading 
System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Trading System or into the 
Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, for execution 
on the relevant day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due to price 
developments exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption if such 
restriction continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(F)  
in case of an index as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as specified 
in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the relevant Final 
Terms,] 
 
in relation to the Index or, as the case may be, and if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of 
"Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, to each of its Components: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the Price of the Index or, as the case may be, 
and if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Com-
ponents" is specified to be applicable, of the price a Component, on any day relevant for deter-
mining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction im-
posed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion considers 
significant: 
 
(i) in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms, or, if in the applicable Product Terms in 
the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
applicable, on the stock exchange(s) or in the market(s) on/in which the Components are 
quoted or traded, in general (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits permitted 
by the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System, as the case may be, and as 
specified in the applicable Product Terms or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, 
by the stock exchange(s) or the market(s) on/in which the Components are quoted or 
traded), or 
 
(ii) in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms, or, if in the applicable Product Terms in 
the definition of "Underlying" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be ap-
plicable, on the stock exchange(s) or in the market(s) on/in which the Components are 
quoted or traded, in the Index or, as the case may be, in the Components of the Index in 
the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as 
specified in the applicable Product Terms, or, if in the applicable Product Terms in the 
definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, 
in the market(s) on/in which the Components are quoted or traded, provided that a major 
number or a major part in terms of market capitalisation is affected (e.g. due to move-
ments in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant 
Trading System, as the case may be, or by the stock exchange(s) or the market(s) on/in 
which the Components are quoted or traded), or 
 
(iii) on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, if Option Contracts on the Index or, as 
the case may be, if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a 
"Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, on the Components are 
traded there, or 
 
(iv) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a "Cur-
rency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the FX market(s) in which the rates 
for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(v) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading 
System, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, or, if in 
the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Com-
ponents" is specified to be applicable, of the stock exchange(s) or of the market(s) on/in 
which the Components are quoted or traded, (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System, as the case 
may be, or by the stock exchange(s) or the market(s) on/in which the Components are 
quoted or traded) or due to a moratorium, which is declared in respect of banking activ-
ities in the country, in which the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System is 
located, or due to any other reasons whatsoever, or 
 
c) the relevant price is a "limit price", which means that the price for the Index or, as the case may 
be, and if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of 
Components" is specified to be applicable, the affected Component, for a day has increased or 
decreased from the immediately preceding day’s relevant price by the maximum amount permit-
ted under applicable rules of the Relevant Exchange or the Relevant Trading System, as the case 
may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, or, if in the applicable Product Terms 
in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, 
the stock exchange(s) or the market(s) on/in which the Components are quoted or traded, or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at 
their reasonable discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for the Underlying or, as the case may be, and if

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Securities" a "Consideration of Compo-
nents" is specified to be applicable, all Components. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading hours in the Relevant Trading System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case 
may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, announced in advance at least one (1) hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours in the Relevant Trading 
System or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Trading System or into the 
Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, for execution 
on the relevant day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due to price 
developments exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption if such 
restriction continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(G)  
in case of an index comprising commodities or precious metals as Components, where a "Con-
sideration of Components" is specified to be applicable, as the Underlying or a Basket Compo-
nent, as the case may be, as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section 
"Product Terms" of the relevant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the Index comprising commodities or precious metals as Components or to each of its 
Components: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the Index or, as the case may be, of 
the price a Component on any day relevant for determining any amounts under these Conditions, 
or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction im-
posed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion considers 
significant: 
 
(i) on the Relevant Exchange or on the stock exchange(s) or in the market(s) on/in which 
the Components are quoted or traded, in general (e.g. due to movements in price exceed-
ing limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the stock exchange(s) or the market(s) 
on/in which the Components are quoted or traded), or 
 
(ii) on the Relevant Exchange or on the stock exchange(s) or in the market(s) on/in which 
the Components are quoted or traded, in the Index or, as the case may be, in the Com-
ponents of the Index, provided that a major number or a major part is concerned, (e.g. 
due to movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or the 
stock exchange(s) or the market(s) on/in which the Components are quoted or traded), 
or 
 
(iii) on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, if Option Contracts on the Index or on 
the Components are traded there, or 
 
(iv) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a "Cur-
rency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the FX market(s) in which the rates 
for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(v) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Exchange (whether by movements 
in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange or otherwise) or due to a 
moratorium, which is declared in respect of banking activities in the country, in which 
the Relevant Exchange is located, or due to any other reasons whatsoever, or

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
c) the relevant price is a "limit price", which means that the price for a Component has, at any point 
during the last fifteen minutes of trading on the Relevant Exchange, increased or decreased from 
the previous day’s closing price by the maximum amount permitted under the applicable rules 
of the Relevant Exchange or the stock exchange(s) or the market(s) on/in which the Components 
are quoted or traded, or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at 
their reasonable discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for the Underlying or, as the case may be, the 
affected Component. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading hours on the Relevant Exchange announced in advance at least one (1) hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours on the Relevant Exchange 
or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Exchange for execution on the relevant 
day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due to price developments 
exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption if such restriction 
continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(H)  
in case of an exchange trade fund unit as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case 
may be, as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" 
of the relevant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the exchange traded Fund Unit: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the Fund Unit on any day relevant 
for determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction im-
posed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion considers 
significant: 
 
(i) on the Relevant Exchange in general (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the Relevant Exchange), or 
 
(ii) on the Relevant Exchange in the Funds Unit, provided that a major number or a major 
part is affected (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Rele-
vant Trading System), or 
 
(iii) on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, if Option Contracts on the Fund Unit 
are traded there, or 
 
(iv) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a "Cur-
rency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the FX market(s) in which the rates 
for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(v) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Exchange (e.g. due to movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange) or due to a moratorium, 
which is declared in respect of banking activities in the country, in which the Relevant 
Exchange is located, or due to any other reasons whatsoever, or 
 
c) the relevant price is a "limit price", which means that the price for the Fund Unit for a day has

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
increased or decreased from the immediately preceding day’s relevant price by the maximum 
amount permitted under applicable rules of the Relevant Exchange, or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for the Fund Unit. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading hours on the Relevant Exchange announced in advance at least one (1) hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours on the Relevant Exchange 
or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Exchange for execution on the relevant 
day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due to price developments 
exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption if such restriction 
continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(I)  
in case of a not exchange traded fund unit as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case 
may be, as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" 
of the relevant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the not exchange traded Fund Unit: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the Fund Unit on any day relevant 
for determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a "Currency Con-
version" is specified to be applicable, on the FX market(s) in which the rates for the Currency 
Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
c) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable 
discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for the Fund Unit. 
 
[(J)  
in case of a futures contract as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as 
specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the rele-
vant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the futures contract: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the Futures Contract on any day 
relevant for determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction im-
posed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion considers 
significant: 
 
(i) on the Relevant Reference Market or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms, in general (e.g. due to movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Reference Market), or 
 
(ii) on the Relevant Reference Market or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and 
as specified in the applicable Product Terms, in the futures contract, provided that a 
major number or a major part is affected (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the Relevant Reference Market or the Relevant Exchange, as the case may

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms), or 
 
(iii) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a "Cur-
rency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the FX market(s) in which the rates 
for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(iv) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Reference Market or the Relevant 
Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, (e.g. 
due to movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Reference Market 
or the Relevant Exchange, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms) or due to a moratorium, which is declared in respect of banking activities in the 
country, in which the Relevant Reference Market or the Relevant Exchange, as the case 
may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, is located, or due to any other 
reasons whatsoever, or 
 
c) a significant change in the method of price determination or in the trading conditions relating to 
the Futures Contract on the Relevant Reference Market or on the Relevant Exchange, as the case 
may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, (e.g. in terms of the composition, the 
quantity or the dealing currency), or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at 
their reasonable discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for the futures contract. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading on the Relevant Reference Market announced in advance at least one (1) hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours on the Relevant Reference 
Market or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Reference Market for execu-
tion on the relevant day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due to price 
developments exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption if such 
restriction continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(K)  
in case of an interest rate as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as 
specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the rele-
vant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the Interest Rate: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the interest rate on any day relevant 
for determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction im-
posed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion considers 
significant: 
 
(i) on the Relevant Reference Market in general (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the Relevant Reference Market), or 
 
(ii) on the Relevant Reference Market in relation to the interest rate, provided that a major 
number or a major part is affected (e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits per-
mitted by the Relevant Reference Market), or 
 
(iii) on a futures and options exchange, if option and futures contracts on the interest rate are

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
traded there, or 
 
(iv) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a "Cur-
rency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the FX market(s) in which the rates 
for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(v) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Reference Market (e.g. due to move-
ments in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Reference Market) or due to 
a moratorium, which is declared in respect of banking activities in the country, in which 
the Relevant Reference Market is located, or due to any other reasons whatsoever, or 
 
c) a significant change in the trading conditions relating to the Interest Rate on the Relevant Refer-
ence Market (e.g. in terms of the composition, the quantity or the dealing currency), or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at 
their reasonable discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for the interest rate. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading on the Relevant Reference Market announced in advance at least one (1) hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours on the Relevant Reference 
Market or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Reference Market for execu-
tion on the relevant day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due to price 
developments exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption if such 
restriction continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(L)  
in case of a currency exchange rate as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may 
be, as specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the 
relevant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the currency exchange rate: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the currency exchange rate on any 
day relevant for determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a Relevant Country (aa) imposes any controls or announces its intention to impose any controls 
or (bb) (i) implements or announces its intention to implement or (ii) changes or announces its 
intention to change the interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations, in each case 
which the Calculation Agent determines is likely to affect the Issuer’s and/or any of its affiliates’ 
ability to acquire, hold, transfer or realise the currency used in connection with the currency 
exchange rate or otherwise to effect transactions in relation to such currency, or 
 
c) the occurrence at any time of an event, which the Issuer and the Calculation Agent determine at 
their reasonable discretion would have the effect of preventing, restricting or delaying the Issuer 
and/or any of its affiliates from: 
 
(i) converting the currency used in connection with the currency exchange rate into the Re-
demption Currency or into another currency through customary legal channels or trans-
ferring within or from any Relevant Country any of these currencies, due to the imposi-
tion by such Relevant Country of any controls restricting or prohibiting such conversion 
or transfer, as the case may be; 
 
(ii) converting the currency used in connection with the currency exchange rate into the

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
Redemption Currency or into another currency at a rate at least as favourable as the rate 
for domestic financial institutions located in any Relevant Country; 
 
(iii) delivering the currency used in connection with the currency exchange rate from ac-
counts inside any Relevant Country to accounts outside such Relevant Country; or 
 
(iv) transferring the currency used in connection with the currency exchange rate used be-
tween accounts inside any Relevant Country or to a party that is a non-resident of such 
Relevant Country. 
 
d) a limitation, suspension or disruption or a restriction imposed on trading, the latter of which is in 
the Issuer’s and Calculation Agent’s opinion significant: 
 
(i) in the currency used in connection with the currency exchange rate on the Relevant Ex-
change Market in general, or 
 
(ii) on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange, if Option Contracts on the currency used 
in connection with the currency exchange rate are traded there, or 
 
(iii) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a "Cur-
rency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the FX market(s) in which the rates 
for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(iv) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Exchange Market or due to a mora-
torium, which is declared in respect of banking activities in the country, in which the 
Relevant Exchange Market is located, or due to any other reasons whatsoever. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading hours on the Relevant Exchange Market announced in advance at least one (1) 
hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours in the Relevant Ex-
change Market or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Exchange for execu-
tion on the relevant day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of any day due to price 
developments exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a Market Disruption if such 
restriction continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day. 
 
[(M)  
in case of a reference rate as the Underlying or a Basket Component, as the case may be, as 
specified in the definition of "Underlying" contained in the section "Product Terms" of the rele-
vant Final Terms,] 
 
in relation to the reference rate: 
 
a) a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of the reference rate on any day rele-
vant for determining any amounts under these Conditions, or 
 
b) a limitation, suspension or disruption of or, subject to the following provisions, a restriction im-
posed on trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion considers 
significant: 
 
(i) on the Relevant Reference Market or the Relevant Reference Agent, as the case may be, 
and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, in general (e.g. due to movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Reference Market or the Relevant Ref-
erence Agent, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms), or

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
(ii) on the Relevant Reference Market or the Relevant Reference Agent, as the case may be, 
and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, in relation to the reference rate, pro-
vided that a major number or a major part is concerned (e.g. due to movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Reference Market or the Relevant Reference 
Agent, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms), or 
 
(iii) on a futures and options exchange, if option and futures contracts on the reference rate 
are traded there, or 
 
(iv) if in the applicable Product Terms in the definition of "Redemption Currency" a "Cur-
rency Conversion" is specified to be applicable, on the FX market(s) in which the rates 
for the Currency Conversion are determined, if applicable, or 
 
(v) due to a directive of an authority or of the Relevant Reference Market or the Relevant 
Reference Agent, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, 
(e.g. due to movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Reference 
Market or the Relevant Reference Agent, as the case may be, and as specified in the 
applicable Product Terms) or due to a moratorium, which is declared in respect of bank-
ing activities in the country, in which the Relevant Reference Market or the Relevant 
Reference Agent, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, 
is located, or due to any other reasons whatsoever, or 
 
c) a significant change in the method of price determination or in the trading conditions relating to 
the reference rate on the Relevant Reference Market or the Relevant Reference Agent, as the 
case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, or 
 
d) the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at 
their reasonable discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for the reference rate. 
 
Any closing prior to the scheduled trading time or any restriction of the hours or the number of days 
during which trading takes place is not deemed to be a Market Disruption, if the restriction is based on a 
change in regular trading hours on the Relevant Reference Market or at the Relevant Reference Agent, 
as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product Terms, announced in advance at least one 
(1) hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading hours on the Relevant 
Reference Market or at the Relevant Reference Agent, as the case may be, and as specified in the appli-
cable Product Terms, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders entered into the Relevant Reference Mar-
ket or at the Relevant Reference Agent, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Product 
Terms, for execution on the relevant day. A restriction of trading which is levied during the course of 
any day due to price developments exceeding certain prescribed limits shall only be deemed to be a 
Market Disruption if such restriction continues until the end of trading hours on the relevant day.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
§ 12 
Security Agents 
1.          General 
 
The Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent, each as specified in the applicable Product Terms, (the 
"Security Agents") shall assume the role as Security Agent in accordance with these Conditions. 
2.          Vicarious Agent 
 
Each of the Security Agents acts exclusively as vicarious agent of the Issuer and has no obligations to 
the Securityholder. 
3.          Replacement, Appointment and Revocation 
 
The Issuer is entitled at any time to replace any or all of the Security Agents by another company, to 
appoint one or several additional Security Agents, and to revoke their appointments. Such replacement, 
appointment and revocation shall be notified in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions. 
4.          Resignation of Security Agents 
 
Each of the Security Agents is entitled to resign at any time from its function upon prior written notice 
to the Issuer. Such resignation shall only become effective if another company is appointed by the Issuer 
as Calculation Agent or as Paying Agent, as the case may be. Resignation and appointment are notified 
in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
§ 13 
Substitution of the Issuer 
1.          Substitution of the Issuer 
 
Provided that the Issuer is not in default with its obligations under the Securities, the Issuer is at any time 
entitled, without the consent of the Securityholders, to substitute another company within the Group as 
issuer (the "Substitute Issuer") with respect to all obligations under or in connection with the Securities, 
if: 
 
a) the Substitute Issuer assumes all obligations of the Issuer under or in connection with the Secu-
rities, 
 
b) (A) the Issuer and the Substitute Issuer have obtained all necessary authorisations as well as 
consents and (B) may transfer to the Principal Paying Agent in the Redemption Currency and 
without being obligated to deduct or withhold taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by 
the country, in which the Substitute Issuer or the Issuer has its domicile or tax residence, all 
amounts required for the fulfilment of the payment obligations arising under the Securities, 
 
c) the Substitute Issuer has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Securityholder against any 
tax, duty or other governmental charge imposed on such Securityholder in respect of such sub-
stitution, and 
 
d) the Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the obligations of the Substitute Issuer. 
2.          References 
 
In the event of any such substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on 
be deemed to refer to the Substitute Issuer. Furthermore, any reference to the country, in which the Issuer 
is domiciled or resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country of 
domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Issuer. 
3.          Publication 
 
The substitution of the Issuer shall be final, binding and conclusive on the Securityholders and will be 
published to the Securityholders without undue delay in accordance with § 14 of these Conditions.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
§ 14 
Publications 
 
If and to the extent that binding provisions of effective law provide for other forms of publication, such 
publications must be made in addition and as provided for. Any such notice shall be effective as of the 
publishing date (or, in the case of several publications as of the date of the first such publication), unless 
such notice provides for a later effective date. 
 
To the extent these Conditions provide for a notice pursuant to this § 14 of these Conditions, these will 
be published on the website of the Issuer at https://en-dk.structured-products.saxo/ and become effective 
vis-à-vis the Securityholders through such publication unless the notice provides for a later effective date.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
§ 15 
Issue of further Securities; Purchase of Securities, Cancellation 
1.          Issue of further Securities 
 
The Issuer is entitled at any time to issue, without the consent of the Securityholders, further securities 
having the same terms and conditions as the Securities so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single series with such Securities, and references to "Security" shall be construed accordingly. 
2.          Purchase of Securities 
 
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries is entitled at any time to purchase, without the consent of the 
Securityholders, Securities at any price in the open market or otherwise. If purchases are made by tender, 
tenders must be available to all Securityholders alike. Such Securities may be held, reissued, resold or 
cancelled, all at the option of the Issuer. 
3.          Cancellation of Securities 
 
All Securities redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
§ 16 
 
Intentionally left blank

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
§ 17 
Governing Law; Jurisdiction 
1.          Governing Law 
 
The form and content of the Securities as well as all rights and duties arising from the matters provided 
for in these Conditions shall, subject to § 17 (2) of these Conditions in every respect be governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with Danish law.  
2.          Jurisdiction 
 
The courts of Denmark (and any appellate court therefrom) shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
proceedings that may arise out of or in connection with any Securities and accordingly any proceedings 
may be brought in such courts.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
§ 18 
Corrections; Severability 
1.          Modifications and Amendments 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to modify or amend, as the case may be, these Conditions in each case without 
the consent of the Securityholders in such manner as the Issuer deems necessary, if the modification or 
amendment: 
 
a) is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or 
 
b) is made to cure a manifest or proven error; or 
 
c) is made to cure any ambiguity; or 
 
d) is made to correct or supplement any defective provisions of these Conditions; or 
 
e) is made to correct an error or omission such that, in the absence of such correction, the Conditions 
would not otherwise represent the intended terms of the Securities on which the Securities were 
sold and have since traded; or 
 
f) will not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Securityholders. 
2.          Publication 
 
Any modification or amendment of these Terms and Conditions shall take effect in accordance with its 
terms and be binding on the Securityholders and shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance 
with § 14 of these Conditions (but failure to give such notice, or non-receipt thereof, shall not affect the 
validity of such modification or amendment). 
3.          Invalidity in whole or in part 
 
If any of the provisions of these Conditions is or becomes invalid in whole or in part, the remaining 
provisions shall remain valid. The invalid provision shall be replaced by a valid provision, which, to the 
extent legally possible, serves the economic purposes of the invalid provision. The same applies to gaps, 
if any, in these Conditions.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
§ 19 
 
Intentionally left blank

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
§ 20 
 
Intentionally left blank

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
§ 21 
 
Intentionally left blank

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
6. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Form of Final Terms for an issue of Securities by Saxo Bank A/S under the Programme.  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS IN BELGIUM - the Securities are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to 
“consumers” (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de 
droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are 
outside his/her trade, business or profession.] 
 
FINAL TERMS DATED [●] 
 
in connection with the Base Prospectus dated 11 March 2025 (as supplemented from time to time) of Saxo 
Bank A/S 
 
SAXO BANK A/S 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300TL54006IC1XKD09 
 
Issue of [●]  
 
ISIN: [●] 
 
Linked to [insert Underlying: [●]] 
 
These final terms (the "Final Terms") have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(4) the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published 
when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and provide additional information to the base prospectus 
dated [●], as supplemented from time to time (the "Base Prospectus", together with the Final Terms, the "Pro-
spectus"). Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Con-
ditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus. 
 
These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, including all information incor-
porated by reference therein and any supplement(s) thereto in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combina-
tion of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, as supplemented from time to time. However, a summary 
of the individual issue of the Securities is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base Prospectus, any supplement 
to the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing on the website of the Issuer at https://en-
dk.structured-products.saxo/.  
 
[in case of an increase of Securities having been offered under the Base Prospectus insert the following text: The 
Securities will be consolidated and form a single series with the previously issued Securities with ISIN: [●]]

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
Table of Contents 
 
Page 
Overview of the Security structure 
 
Part A - Product Terms 
[●] 
Product Terms Part 1: Key Terms and Definitions of Securities 
[●] 
Product Terms Part 2: Special Conditions of the Securities 
[●] 
Part B - Offering and Sale 
[●] 
I. Offering for Sale and Issue Price 
[●] 
II. Subscription, Purchase and Delivery of Securities 
[●] 
Part C - Other information  
[●] 
I. Intentionally left blank 
[●] 
II. Intentionally left blank 
[●] 
III. Listing and Trading 
[●] 
IV. Further commissions paid by the Issuer 
[●] 
V. Any interests, including conflicting ones, of natural and legal persons in-
volved that is material to the issue/offer of the Securities 
[●] 
VI. Ratings 
[●] 
VII. Intentionally left blank 
[●] 
VIII. Intentionally left blank 
[●] 
IX. Intentionally left blank 
[●] 
Part D- Intentionally left blank 
[●] 
Part E - Information about the Underlying 
[●] 
Annex to the Final Terms: issue specific summary 
[●]

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE SECURITY STRUCTURE 
[if the Securities are issued as Turbo's Long, insert the following: 
 
(i) Turbo's Long 
 
[Insert description of the relevant Turbo's Long from "Overview of Programme - Functioning of the Securities", 
leaving out terms not relevant for the Security, and/or replacing them with their defined content, as appropriate. 
For these purposes, information or product types not already described in the Base Prospectus may not be in-
cluded.] 
 
During their term, the Turbo's Long do not generate any regular income (e.g. dividends or interest).] 
 
[if the Securities are issued as Turbo's Short, insert the following: 
 
(ii) Turbo's Short 
 
[Insert description of the relevant Turbo's Short from "Overview of Programme - Functioning of the Securities", 
leaving out terms not relevant for the Security, and/or replacing them with their defined content, as appropriate. 
For these purposes, information or product types not already described in the Base Prospectus may not be in-
cluded.] 
 
During their term, the Turbo's Short do not generate any regular income (e.g. dividends or interest).] 
 
[if the Securities are issued as Turbo's XL Long, insert the following: 
 
(iii) Turbo's XL Long 
 
[Insert description of the relevant Turbo's XL Long from "Overview of Programme - Functioning of the Securi-
ties", leaving out terms not relevant for the Security, and/or replacing them with their defined content, as appro-
priate. For these purposes, information or product types not already described in the Base Prospectus may not 
be included.] 
 
During their term, the Turbo's XL Long do not generate any regular income (e.g. dividends or interest).] 
 
[if the Securities are issued as Turbo's XL Short, insert the following: 
 
(iv) Turbo's XL Short 
 
[Insert description of the relevant Turbo's XL Short from "Overview of Programme - Functioning of the Securi-
ties", leaving out terms not relevant for the Security, and/or replacing them with their defined content, as appro-
priate. For these purposes, information or product types not already described in the Base Prospectus may not 
be included.]  
 
During their term, the Turbo's XL Short do not generate any regular income (e.g. dividends or interest).] 
 
[if the Securities are issued as Factor (Long) Certificates, insert the following: 
 
(v) Factor (Long) Certificates  
 
[Insert description of the relevant Factor (Long) Certificates from "Overview of Programme - Functioning of the 
Securities", leaving out terms not relevant for the Security, and/or replacing them with their defined content, as 
appropriate. For these purposes, information or product types not already described in the Base Prospectus may 
not be included.]

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
During their term, the Factor (Long) Certificates do not generate any regular income (e.g. dividends or interest).] 
 
[if the Securities are issued as Factor (Short) Certificates, insert the following: 
 
(vi) Factor (Short) Certificates 
 
[Insert description of the relevant Factor (Short) Certificates from "Overview of Programme - Functioning of 
the Securities", leaving out terms not relevant for the Security, and/or replacing them with their defined content, 
as appropriate. For these purposes, information or product types not already described in the Base Prospectus 
may not be included.]  
 
During their term, the Factor (Short) Certificates do not generate any regular income (e.g. dividends or interest).]

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
PART A - PRODUCT TERMS 
The following "Product Terms" of the Securities shall, for the relevant Securities, amend and put in concrete 
terms the General Conditions for the purposes of such Securities. A version of these Product Terms as amended 
and completed for the specific issue will be contained in the applicable Final Terms and must be read in conjunc-
tion with the General Conditions. 
 
The Product Terms are composed of: 
 
Part 1: Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities; and 
 
Part 2: Special Conditions of the Securities (for the individual types of Securities). 
 
Product Terms and General Conditions together constitute the "Conditions" of the relevant Securities. 
 
In the event of any inconsistency between these Product Terms and the General Conditions, these Product Terms 
shall prevail for the purposes of the Securities. 
 
[Insert security specific Product Terms comprising "Part 1: Key Terms and Definitions of the Securities" and 
"Part 2: Special Conditions of the Securities" as amended and completed for the specific issue of Securities. (If 
the Product Terms relates to more than one series (each a "Series") of Securities, to the extent that any term 
differs for one or more Series, insert for the relevant item in table.)]

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
PART B - OFFERING AND SALE 
I. Offering for Sale and Issue Price 
Offering for Sale and Issue Price: 
The [specify designation of the Turbo's Long / Short or Turbo's 
XL Long / Short or Factor (Long) Certificates / Factor (Short) 
Certificates: [●]] (the "Securities", and each a "Security") are is-
sued by the Issuer in the Issue Size. 
 
[The Issue Price [will be] [was] fixed [at the Start of the public 
offer of the Securities (as defined in "II. Subscription, Purchase 
and Delivery of the Securities" below)] [on the Fixing Date], 
[based on the prevailing market situation and the price of [the 
Underlying] [if appropriate, insert different point of reference to 
an Underlying comprised in the Base Prospectus: [●]] [, and 
[will [then] be made] [is] available at the Issuer].] [As of the Start 
of the public offer of the Securities] [As of the Fixing Date] 
[Thereafter,] the selling price [will [then] be] [was] adjusted on a 
continual basis to reflect the prevailing market situation.] 
[Issue Size: 
The Issue Size means [●] [Securities]. [indicative. The Issue Size 
will be fixed [on the Fixing Date [at the Fixing Time].*]]  
 
[Aggregate Amount of the Issue: 
[Issue Price x Issue Size] [●]. [indicative. The Aggregate Amount 
of the Issue will be fixed on the Fixing Date [at the Fixing 
Time].*]]  
 
Issue Date: 
The Issue Date means [●]. 
Issue Price [; Offering Premium]: 
[The Issue Price equals [●] [plus an offering premium of [●] per 
Security.] [indicative. The Issue Price will be fixed on the Fixing 
Date [at the Fixing Time].]  
 
[The Issue Price [per Security] includes product specific [ini-
tial][entry] [●] costs [equal to [approx.] [specify amount: [●]]] [in 
an amount of [approx.] [specify amount: [●]].][●] 
[Estimated total expenses of the 
issue/offer of the Securities: 
[●] 
[Estimated net amount of the pro-
ceeds: 
[●] 
[Estimated expenses charged to 
the investor by the Issuer: 
[●] 
II. Subscription, Purchase and Delivery of Securities

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
Subscription, Purchase and Deliv-
ery of the Securities: 
[As of the Start of the public offer of the Securities, the] [The 
Securities may be purchased from the Issuer during normal bank-
ing hours]. [The offer of the Securities is made on a continuous 
basis.] There will be no subscription period. The Issue Price per 
Security is payable on the Initial Payment Date, or in case of Se-
curities purchased on or after the Initial Payment Date, on the 
second business day after the purchase date.  
 
Only customers of the Issuer or a company within the Group who 
hold a brokerage account with the Issuer or a company within the 
Group can purchase the Securities. 
 
Upon receipt of the Issue Price per Security on the Initial Pay-
ment Date, or in case of Securities purchased on or after the Ini-
tial Payment Date, on the second business day after the purchase 
date, the appropriate number of Securities shall be credited to the 
investor’s securities account with the Issuer by way of book-en-
try in such securities account.  
 
[Start of the public offer of the Se-
curities: 
[specify start of the public offer of the Securities: [●]]  
 
[Categories of potential investors 
to which the Securities are of-
fered: 
 
[Qualified investors within the meaning of the Prospectus Regu-
lation] [Non-qualified investors] [specify other: [●]]]  
 
[Information with regard to the 
manner and date, in which the re-
sult of the offer are to be made 
public: 
 
[give details with regard to the manner and date in which results 
of the offer are to be made public: [●].] 
Initial Payment Date: 
The Initial Payment Date means [●].

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
PART C - OTHER INFORMATION  
I. Intentionally left blank 
 
 
II. Intentionally left blank 
 
 
 
III. Listing and Trading 
Listing and Trading 
[The Securities will become tradable on the electronic trading 
systems CATS-OS and/or CATS-LS and/or any successor of 
such trading systems (collectively "CATS"), operated by Boerse 
Stuttgart cats GmbH (or its successor in respect of CATS). CATS 
is expected to become authorised and registered as a multilateral 
trading facility during 2025 from which date the Securities will 
become admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility. No-
tification hereof will be given to the Securityholders via the 
CATS platform.] 
[The Securities will be admitted to trading on CATS-OS and/or 
CATS-LS and/or any successor of such trading systems (collec-
tively "CATS"), operated by Boerse Stuttgart cats GmbH (or its 
successor in respect of CATS). CATS is a multilateral trading 
facility.] 
 
[Provided that the Securities have not been terminated by the Is-
suer [and provided that the Securities have not expired early] 
prior to the Expiration Date, trading of the Securities shall cease 
[[two] [●] trading day[s] prior to] [on] [the Valuation Date] [the 
Final Valuation Date] [the Expiration Date] [the Redemption 
Date] [●] (such day, the "Last Exchange Trading Day"). [As of 
the Last Exchange Trading Day trading may only take place off 
exchange with the Market Maker] [●].]] ]  
 
[Last Exchange Trading Day: 
The Last Exchange Trading Day means [specify last exchange 
trading day: [●]].] 
[Last Exchange Trading Time: 
The Last Exchange Trading Time means [specify last exchange 
trading time: [●]].] 
 
 
IV. Further commission paid by the Issuer 
Further commissions paid by the 
Issuer: 
[Not Applicable] [if applicable, specify further commissions paid 
by the Issuer: [●]] 
 
 
V. Any interests, including conflicting ones, of natural and legal persons involved that is material to the 
issue/offer of the Securities

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
Any interests etc.: 
[to be inserted*] 
 
[[As] far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue 
of [each Series of] the Securities has an interest material to the 
offer.] 
 
 
VI. Rating 
Rating: 
The Securities have not been rated. 
 
 
 
VII. Intentionally left blank 
 
 
 
VIII. Intentionally left blank 
 
 
 
IX. Intentionally left blank

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
PART D - INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
PART E – INFORMATION ABOUT THE UNDERLYING 
The following information about [the Underlying] [the Underlyings] comprises extracts or summaries of infor-
mation publicly available. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced. As far as 
the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
[Insert information about the Underlying(s) including, the ISIN, if available, and where applicable, the source(s) 
of the information provided or, as the case may be, link to website(s) providing information about the Underly-
ing(s), and indicate where information about the past and the further performance of the Underlying(s) and 
its/their volatility can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge: [●]] 
 
[if applicable, insert clear and prominent information stating whether the benchmark is provided by an adminis-
trator included in the register referred to in Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation: [●]]

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
ANNEX TO THE FINAL TERMS: ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
[Insert completed summary by amending and completing the summary of the base prospectus as appropriate to 
the terms of the specific issue].

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
7. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE UNDERLYING 
The Securities may be based on the performance of a share (including a certificate representing shares), an index, 
a currency exchange rate, a precious metal, a commodity, an interest rate, a non-equity security, a fund unit, a 
futures contract, or, as the case may be, and as specified in the relevant Final Terms, a reference rate (including, 
but not limited to, interest rate swap (IRS) rates, currency swap rates or, as the case may be, credit default swap 
levels), as well as a basket comprising the aforementioned assets.  
 
If an index is used as Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, such index will, in any case, not 
be composed by the Issuer or a legal entity belonging to the Group.  
 
In case an Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, used to determine any amount payable under 
the Conditions qualifies as a benchmark within the meaning of the Benchmark Regulation, the applicable Final 
Terms shall, if required in accordance with the Benchmark Regulation, include clear and prominent information 
stating whether the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. Furthermore, transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation 
may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under 
the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer 
does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
LIBOR is provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited and EURIBOR is provided by the European 
Money Markets Institute; as at the date hereof, the European Money Markets Institute appear in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of admin-
istrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply to ICE Benchmark Administration Limited's administration of 
LIBOR, such that it is currently not required to obtain recognition, endorsement or equivalence under the Bench-
mark Regulation. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the relevant Underlying and state where information on the relevant 
Underlying, in particular on its past and future performance and on its volatility, can be found and whether or not 
the Issuer intends to provide further information on the Underlying.  
 
An index used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, may in accordance with its index 
rules include fees (e.g. calculation fees or fees related to changes in the composition of the index), which are 
taken into account when calculating the level of the index. As a result, any of these index fees reduce the level of 
the index and have an adverse effect on the index and reduce any amounts to be paid under the Securities. In 
certain cases, this could even lead to a partial or total loss of the invested capital.  
 
If the index used as the Underlying or, as the case may be, a Basket Component, is calculated as a so-called price 
index, dividends or other distributions, if any, that are paid out from the index components are not taken into 
account when calculating the level of the index and may have a negative impact on the price of the index, because 
the index components will be traded at a discount after the pay-out of dividends or distributions. Thus, Securi-
tyholders do not participate in any dividends or other distributions paid out or made on components contained in 
the index.  
 
If, for the calculation or specification of amounts payable under the Securities, the performance of a price index 
is compared with the performance of a total return index, potential investors should note that if such indices are 
compared, the price index will in general bear a structural disadvantage since dividends or other distributions on 
the index components are not taken into account for the price indices.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
8. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
The purpose of the issuance of the Securities is for the Group to give its clients the possibility to invest in 
structured products. The net proceeds of the issue of the Securities will be applied by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes, which includes making profit.  
 
The estimated net proceeds and total expenses of each issue of Securities will be included in the Final Terms.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
9. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
9.1 
Overview 
The Group is an international multi-asset facilitator and delivers capital markets access, products, and services 
through its multi-asset platforms to Traders, Investors and Saxo Institutional wholesale partners and direct cli-
ents. Based on its open business model, the Group executes its strategy through three interlinked elements that 
unbundles the value chain. Firstly, the Group sources products, liquidity and services from global recognised 
providers. Secondly, all is processed and operated through one technology stack, and thirdly all products and 
services are delivered to clients and partners through its platforms and application programming interfaces 
("APIs") in a unique experience.  
 
Founded in Copenhagen in 1992, the Issuer was among the first financial institutions to develop an online trad-
ing platform that provided ordinary traders and investors with the same tools and market access as professional 
traders, large institutions and fund managers. In 2001, the Company became a fully regulated Danish bank and 
the Group today holds banking licenses in Denmark and Switzerland, and financial licenses in five other juris-
dictions (the United Kingdom, Singapore, Australia, Italy, and Japan). Subject to customary regulatory approv-
als, 80.1 % of the Group's business in Australia is set to be acquired by SCM DMA (Pty) Ltd. Over the years 
the Group has utilised its technology capabilities and expertise in financial markets to build platforms that pro-
vide real-time access to capital markets, enabling tailor-made trading and investment strategies, while allowing 
individuals to analyse and risk manage their wealth with the tools of professionals.  
 
The Group operates a diversified business model with both a strong direct and institutional white label offering. 
As of 31 December 2024, the Group supported 1,286,000 clients with DKK 853 billion of client assets. The 
Group provides access to global capital markets across asset classes, enabling its clients to trade more than 
70,000 different instruments from a single account. This allows the Group's clients to trade and invest in cash 
and fund products, in leveraged products or let professionals manage their investments through one of the man-
aged portfolios built by external professionals. The Group's broad offering of tradeable instruments allows its 
clients to trade through all macro cycles, long or short, or establish non-directional and volatility positions. With 
the exception of a few FX vanilla options, the instruments offered are in general directly referencing observable 
market prices. The Group's client base comprises traders ("Traders"), investors ("Investors") and wholesale and 
direct clients ("Saxo Institutional"). The Trader and Investor business constitute the Group's non-institutional 
business, whereas the Saxo Institutional segment services institutional clients including brokers and banks that 
have the same type of end-clients (investors and traders) as the Group but on a business-to-business-to-consumer 
or business-to-business-to-business basis. 
 
The Group believes that its proprietary technology is a key to its success, and the Group continuously invest to 
remain at the forefront of the market and to improve the experience of navigating financial markets. The Group's 
platforms and APIs offer its clients and partners a seamless and user-friendly trading and investing experience 
through desktop, mobile and tablet. To support the digital engagement the Group has offices in 14 countries in 
Europe, Asia Pacific and the Middle East, each with local sales and service staff.   
 
As of 31 December 2024, the Group's operating profit amounted to DKK 1,322  million and net profit amounted 
to DKK 1,005 million for the financial year 2024. As of 31 December 2024, the Group employed 2,327 full-
time employees spanning over approximately 72 nationalities and represented in financial centres around the 
world. 
9.2 
Financial highlights of the Group 
DKK million 
 
2024 
 
2023 
 
 
 
 
Income statement 
 
 
Net interest, fees and commissions 
3,595 
3,308

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
Price and exchange rate adjustments 
1,071 
1,164 
Other income 
5 
8 
Total income 
4,670 
4,481 
Staff costs and administrative expenses 
-2,836 
-2,877 
Amortisation, depreciation and impairment 
-509 
-1,079 
Other expenses 
-6 
-26 
Impairment charges loans and receivables 
2 
4 
Operating profit 
1,322 
502 
Share of net profit/loss from joint ventures 
0 
- 108 
Profit before tax 
1,322 
395 
Net profit 
1,005 
260 
 
 
 
Statement of financial position  
 
 
Loans and other receivables at amortised cost 
3,160 
3,217 
Deposits 
72,684 
70,108 
Subordinated debt 
784 
752 
Total equity 
6,254 
6,366 
Total assets 
94,571 
89,381 
 
 
 
Other 
 
 
Client assets (DKK billion) 
853 
745 
Number of full-time-equivalent staff (end-of-year) 
2,327 
  2,332 
 
 
 
Key figures and ratios 
 
 
Total capital ratio 
29.2% 
31.8% 
Tier 1 capital ratio 
24.9% 
 27.3% 
Return on equity before tax 
20.9%  
5.9% 
Return on equity after tax 
15.9% 
3.9% 
Cost/income ratio 
71.7% 
91.0% 
Adjusted Cost/income ratio 
70.1% 
79.9% 
Interest rate risk/Tier 1 capital 
4.1% 
3.9% 
Foreign exchange rate risk/Tier 1 capital 
6.1% 
2.9% 
Loans and other receivables plus impairment charges/Deposits 
4.3% 
4.6% 
Loans and other receivables proportional to Total equity 
0.51 
0.51 
Growth in loans and other receivables 
-1.8% 
-24.5% 
Liquidity coverage ratio 
282.6% 
326.4% 
Sum of large exposures/CET1 capital 
22.3% 
51.6% 
Loss and provisions ratio  
-0.1% 
-0.1% 
Return on assets 
1.1% 
0.3% 
 
See page 147 of the Annual Report 2024 for definitions. 
9.3 
Company details 
The Issuer was incorporated on 1 April 1992. The name of the Issuer is Saxo Bank A/S. The Issuer also carries 
on business under the secondary names Saxobank.com A/S, forextrading bank A/S, forextrading.com bank A/S 
and CPH Capital bank A/S.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
The Issuer is a public limited liability company incorporated in Denmark and is subject to Danish law. The 
registered office of the Issuer is at Philip Heymans Allé 15, DK-2900 Hellerup, Denmark, with telephone num-
ber +45 39774000 and Danish corporate registration number (CVR) 15 73 12 49 (which is also the tax identifi-
cation number). The Issuer's LEI code is 549300TL5406IC1XKD09. 
 
The website of the Issuer is https://www.home.saxo/. The information on the Issuer's website, or any other 
website, has not been scrutinised or approved by the DFSA and does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless 
that information is explicitly incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
9.4 
Business model 
The Group is an international multi-asset facilitator. The core business of the Group is to provide financial 
services within online trading, investment and other services within capital markets, and thus acting as a facili-
tator. Based on its open business model, the Group unbundles the value chain, sources from global recognized 
product, service and liquidity providers in the market, process and operate through one technology stack and 
deliver a unique experience to clients, the "SaxoExperience", and partners through its platforms and APIs. 
 
Figure 1: Business model 
 
 
 
Source: Group information 
 
By design, the facilitator model ensures alignment of the interest of the Group and the interest of its clients. 
Transparency is a key element of the Group's business model and by not running a market making operation or 
back-book, the Group is not generating profits of its clients' losses. This makes the Group different from many 
other online trading and investment providers as the Group's business model is not dependent on client losses 
and on offering excessive leverage.  
 
The SaxoExperience is a personalised experience spanning all the clients' touchpoints through the entire lifecy-
cle with the Group. The quality of the experience is defined by how the Group aligns across all touchpoints, 
serves the individual needs of the clients, delivers on its key objectives and builds both a sound money making 
logic and a strong brand affinity with its clients.  
 
While the Group is a digital, platform-first company, it operates a commercial model where sales and service 
are coordinated centrally and executed locally. Through its sales staff in the local offices, the Group offers sales 
and service process towards its direct VIP and Platinum clients and partner clients.  
 
The Group has a diversified stream of income from operating its business. The income streams include

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
commissions and spreads generated when clients trade stocks, options, futures, CFDs, bonds, forex, and other 
financial instruments. Interest income is generated from clients financing derivatives positions, and clients uti-
lising the Group's margin lending services. Other fees like subscription services, custody, implementation and 
partner fees are more recurring in nature. The Group also earns income from the Group's treasury operations.  
9.5 
Strategic direction  
The Group's purpose is to 'Get Curious People Invested in the World'. The Group has always been a purpose-
driven company.  
 
The Group's strategy sets out the ambitions and how plans are implemented, building on the Group's open busi-
ness model and leveraging the Group's pedigree of having built a flexible, agile and scalable technology infra-
structure. The Group strives to be timely, relevant, engaging and actionable in everything that is done for the 
clients for them to educate themselves, navigate the markets and be invested throughout the macro cycles. The 
Group’s Strategy and Execution Plan for 2025–2027 offers a clear path forward, as the Group continues its quest 
to become more relevant for Traders, expand the reach to more Investors, and to professionalise the Saxo Insti-
tutional business, all while managing risk and compliance prudently in all aspects while ensuring that the tech-
nology stays agile, flexible and scalable. Concretely, the Strategy and Execution Plan includes initiatives that 
the Group believes will increase topline growth such as conversion funnel improvements and rolling out new 
products in more market to make offering more attractive to clients. Other initiatives aim at increasing the 
Group's efficiency through e.g. enhanced internationalisation of the clients' trading activities. Lastly, the Strat-
egy Execution Plan lays out principles for how the Group can ensure clear communication, collaboration and 
execution both internally and externally.  
9.6 
Clients 
The Group's business is facilitating access to global capital markets, focused on its three main client areas: 
Traders, Investors and Saxo Institutional. 
 
Traders 
Traders are direct business to consumer ("B2C") clients of the Group who actively trade with higher risk, shorter 
holding periods and primarily trade margin products. According to management information, Traders often pre-
fer using the SaxoTraderPRO or SaxoTraderGO platforms due to their rich, sophisticated instrument universe, 
trading tools, charting capabilities and data feeds. 
 
Investors 
Investors are B2C clients with a long-term investment horizon, who primarily invest in cash or fund products 
with a lower risk profile. Investors are either self-directed or delegating. The Group services Investors through 
the SaxoInvestor and SaxoTraderGO platforms, as well as AutoInvest Portfolios which is regular savings offer-
ing.  
 
Saxo Institutional 
Saxo Institutional includes wholesale partners, who are clients of the Group that offer the Group's products to 
the clients' end users ("B2B2C"), and direct business to business clients ("B2B"). Institutional clients utilise the 
Group's platforms, technology and capabilities to give their end clients access to global capital markets, allowing 
the Group's partners to focus on servicing their clients (Banking as a Service). The Group's Institutional whole-
sale partners are serviced via dedicated partner tools and platforms, SaxoPartnerConnect, and the Group's plat-
forms, including Open API and FIX API.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
Overview of clients, platforms and products 
 
Source: Group Information 
 
The Group's total number of clients amounted to 1,286,000 as of 31 December 2024. At the same time, the 
Group held DKK 853 billion of assets on behalf of its clients. 
 
The chart below shows how total income is distributed across the client segments. 
 
Figure 2: Split of total income by business areas (FY2023, FY2024  (%)). 
 
Source: Group information 
9.7 
Liquidity provider and banking counterparties 
The Group utilises a number of exchange memberships, financial counterparts for its trading, banking, clearing 
and settlement activities. The types and number of counterparts are a function of the internal requirements in-
cluding services offered, credit appetite, price, resilience, legal terms etc. 
9.8 
Products and platforms  
9.8.1 
Products 
The Group offers more than 70.000 instruments that allows the clients to trade and invest directly in a wide 
range of financial products, including leveraged products, or let professionals manage their money through one 
of the managed portfolios built by external professionals. The Group offers and operates a multi-asset and di-
versified product portfolio globally for both retail and professional clients. The Group offers products and

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
services such as FX, bonds, stocks, ETFs and mutual funds as well as CFDs, exchange traded futures and options 
on rates, indices, stocks, commodities and plain vanilla FX options, FX forwards and FX Swaps. To facilitate 
clients’ trading in margin products, the Group allows clients to use cash deposits, stocks and bonds as collateral. 
Additionally, two types of collaterialised lending are offered: i) margin lending; and ii) securities lending.  
9.8.2 
Platforms 
The Group offers capital market access through its multi-asset trading platforms. The Group's range of plat-
forms, financial products and services cater to clients across less investing experience to professional trading 
experience, low to high risk tolerance levels, and short to long time horizons. Based on the Group's Digital 
Platform First strategy, the platforms are designed to support all client needs. The platforms offer access across 
desktop, mobile and tablets for all clients. The Group has received more than 95 industry awards for its connec-
tivity and platforms, including recent awards such as ‘Best prime-of-prime broker’ ‘Best Retail FX Platform’ 
and ‘Best prime-of-prime house’ categories at the 2022 Finance Magnates Awards and the ‘Cashcow Award 
for Best Broker 2022’ at the Beleggers Fair in the Netherlands.  
 
The Group offers three platforms (Investor, Go and Pro) and two API infrastructures (Open and Fix). The plat-
forms are where the Group services its clients and once onboarded, the clients can access all platforms from one 
single account. In addition, the Group offers SaxoPartnerConnect to its institutional clients.  
 
• 
SaxoInvestor. An intuitive and user-friendly platform tailored to the Investors, making it easy to build a 
diversified portfolio across global equities, bonds, ETFs, mutual funds, and managed portfolios.  
 
• 
SaxoTraderGO. A more advanced platform, which allows access to margin products and more advanced 
trading tools within an intuitive and user-friendly interface  
 
• 
SaxoTraderPRO. A platform targeted at professional Traders and provides great opportunities for customis-
ing their setup, as well as full access to one of the world’s largest trading universe and risk management 
features.  
 
• 
Open API. A platform that enables the Group's partners to outsource part or all of the value chain to the 
Group, giving their clients bespoke, fully integrated user experiences leveraging the Group's technology and 
market access.  
 
• 
FIX API. A platform that enables the Group's partners to get tailored, multi-asset liquidity via a single API. 
 
• 
SaxoPartnerConnect. Enables the Group's institutional white lavel partners a one-stop solution that supports 
selfdirected, advisory and discretionary business. 
9.9 
Geographical footprint 
The Group is headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark. The Group is an international group represented in fi-
nancial centres and local sales and services teams around the world, including London, Amsterdam, Antwerp, 
Prague, Singapore, Sydney, Tokyo, Paris, Zurich, Milan (BG Saxo SIM) and Dubai. The Group's sales and 
service teams are located in 14 offices around the world. To increase focus, strengthen compliance, reduce risk, 
and enhance operational efficiency, the Group is restructuring its distribution model in the Asia-Pacific region. 
Subject to customary regulatory approvals, 80.1 % of the Group's business in Australia is set to be acquired by 
SCM DMA (Pty) Ltd. The offices in Hong Kong and Shanghai are in the process of being closed and its broker 
license has been handed in to the authorities. Around 1,000 of the Group's employees are placed in India. 
 
The Group holds banking licenses in Denmark and Switzerland, and financial licenses in the United Kingdom, 
Singapore, Australia, Italy and Japan.  
9.10 
Market overview  
The addressable market for the Group is comprised of the savings, investing and trading markets where the

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
Group accepts clients from. The Group considers the online trading and investing market as its core market 
which is a subset of the addressable market. The growth of the core market is driven by accelerating demo-
graphic and structural market trends, including increased global wealth, upside from market penetration, a grow-
ing digitally savvy population, and increasing desire to self-direct investments supported by improved digitali-
sation of services, stronger value for money propositions, and a dynamic approach to meet changing client 
behaviours and needs fast through new business models.  
 
The addressable market is expected to expand in the future on the basis of the wealth creation, upside from 
market penetration, clients becoming more digitally savvy, buying more financial products online, wishing to 
take more control of their investments, and new product innovation in the market place, e.g. a new forms of 
savings accounts or new financial products. Other factors like regulation may result in a reduced addressable 
market if restrictions are imposed on the market. Further, the trend of financial institutions partnering with 
specialists like the Group to leverage technology and processes will further increase the addressable market. 
 
The Group operates internationally, with the geographical markets where most of the Group's clients are residing 
being Denmark, the Netherlands, Belgium and Singapore.  
9.11 
Acquisitions and joint ventures 
In August 2019, the Issuer acquired BinckBank N.V. ("BinckBank"), which added approximately DKK 214 bil-
lion in client assets, marking a significant milestone in the history of the Group. BinckBank is a Dutch online 
bank for investors and savers and was at the time of the acquisition listed on the Euronext Amsterdam exchange. 
Through the acquisition the Group gained BinckBank’s clients, which were located in the Netherlands, Belgium, 
France and Italy. The technical integration of BinckBank was completed in 2022 and all clients are now on Saxo 
Bank’s infrastructure. In June 2024, BinckBank merged with the Issuer with the Issuer as the surviving entity 
and BinckBank as the non-surviving entity for the purpose of simplifying the structure of the Group. As a result 
of the merger, the Issuer by way of universal succession has assumed all assets and liabilities of BinckBank, 
BinckBank has ceased to exist as a separate legal entity and BinckBank's former operations are continued by the 
Issuer through its Dutch, French and Belgian branches.  
9.12 
Organisation  
Daily management of the business lines in the Group is carried out by the Executive Team. The Executive Team 
is responsible for the efficient execution of the Group's strategic plans, priorities and initiatives, and for develop-
ing functional plans within their specific areas of responsibility in line with the overall strategy of the Group. The 
Executive Team ensures cross-functional collaboration between the various business lines of the Group. 
 
The Executive Team comprises the Board of Management and the Chief Commercial Officer, Deputy COO and 
Head of Group Trading and Treasury, and Chief Human Resource Officer. 
 
The Group is divided into global functional departments: Group Human Resources, Global Finance and Legal, 
Group Risk and Compliance, COO, and Group Commercial. Internal Audit operates as separate, independent 
function reporting directly to the Board of Directors. The Group's employees work in cross-departmental team 
along the value chain.  
9.12.1 
Diversity and inclusion 
The Group values the diversity of all talents and strives to enable every employee to fulfill their career aspira-
tions in a fair, safe, and unbiased environment. The Group represents more than 70 nationalities, and acknowl-
edges that diversity and inclusion promote commercial benefits, by building upon diverse backgrounds, educa-
tions, experiences, perspectives and ideas, contributing to more innovation, improved collaboration and better 
decision making.  
 
The Group is committed to creating an even more diverse and inclusive workplace by mitigating conscious and 
unconscious biases across all people processes as well as strengthening knowledge and awareness on diversity 
and inclusion across the organisation. The starting point was taking the senior leadership through a training

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
programme that is being rolled out to the entire organisation. At the same time, increased focus and awareness is 
created through internal campaigns of learnings and initiatives. 
 
The Board of Directors has adopted a Diversity Policy to promote gender diversity at all levels of the Group. In 
line with this diversity policy, the Group aims to increase the number of women in the workforce overall, as 
well as in senior management positions and on the Board of Directors.  
 
Employee engagement continues to be a key focus area for the Group, as it is crucial for the well-being of 
employees and strategy execution. The Group has a comprehensive policy on employee matters that is built on 
fairness, transparency and well-being of the employee. The annual Employee Engagement Survey (EES) is used 
by the management, leaders, employees, and Group People & Culture to identify the Group's strengths as a 
company as well as areas of improvement and development, thereby enabling the Group to act, change and 
create a better working environment and become an even higher performing, more engaged and stronger organ-
isation. 
 
As of 31 December 2024, the Group employed 2,327 full-time employees. 
9.12.2 
Environment and climate 
The Group is committed to conducting its business in an environmentally responsible manner and ensuring align-
ment with the climate goals of the EU Paris Agreement. The majority of the Group's greenhouse gas emissions 
footprint falls under Scope 3 emissions, which includes indirect emissions from its value chain, and are primarily 
driven by business travel and financial activities. While there is a clear understanding of the importance of ad-
dressing these emissions, the Group has not yet finalized a strategy and plan for reducing this area of the footprint. 
Scope 1 emissions, which are direct emissions from sources owned or controlled by the Group, and Scope 2 
emissions, which are indirect emissions from the consumption of purchased electricity, heat, or cooling, represent 
a smaller portion of the Groups overall footprint. 
 
The Group's approach to reduction of its greenhouse gas emissions is aligned with the Group's three strategic 
sustainability drivers and includes the following actions and resource allocation:  
 
Reducing carbon footprint 
The Group aims to lower its greenhouse gas emissions by adopting energy-efficient practices and exploring ad-
vanced technologies within its operations. By gradually increasing the use of renewable energy sources such as 
solar and wind power, the Group seeks to reduce its reliance on fossil fuels and manage operational costs more 
effectively. These initiatives support global climate goals and help mitigate potential risks associated with carbon 
regulations. 
 
Resource efficiency 
The Group focuses on optimising the use of natural resources, including energy, water, and materials, to enhance 
operational efficiency and reduce environmental impact. Efforts to minimise waste generation and promote re-
cycling and reuse are present in each of the Group's offices to varying degrees. These measures contribute to long 
term cost savings and ensure the sustainable use of essential resources over the long term. 
 
Sustainable business practices 
By encouraging sustainable practices among employees, suppliers, and partners, the Group works to foster a 
culture of responsibility and consistency throughout its supply chain. This approach aims to drive innovation, 
reduce environmental risks, and strengthen partnerships, supporting the Groups resilience and long-term viability. 
 
Compliance and reporting 
The Group strives to comply with relevant environmental laws and regulations to maintain its operational integ-
rity and protect its reputation. The Group reports and discoses on on its environmental performance and progress. 
The sustainability reports and diclosures  provide insights into the Grups efforts on sustainability. 
9.12.3 
Group Legal and Group Compliance

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
The Issuer’s Legal Department is headed by its General Counsel who is responsible for all legal matters across 
the Group. 
 
The purpose of the compliance function is to assist the Group in managing its compliance risk. Compliance risk 
is defined as the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss, or loss to reputation the Group may suffer as 
a result of its failure to comply with the requirements of applicable legislation and regulations including the 
Danish Financial Business Act, securities regulations, and anti-money laundering and personal data protection 
laws and regulations. In addition, the Group has a wide range of compliance programmes and surveillance sys-
tems for the monitoring of its day-to-day activities. Given the global nature of the Group's business, the central-
ised functions are assisted by local legal and compliance resources in each region and external counsel where 
necessary. 
 
Being a facilitator of access to global capital markets for Traders, Investors and Saxo Institutional, the Group is 
exposed to the risk of being used as a conduit for money laundering, terrorist financing and transactions re-
stricted by sanctions. See also risk factor "Risks related to the Issuer" - "The Group is subject to extensive 
regulation". To address and mitigate these risks, the Board of Directors has adopted group-wide policies, in-
cluding risk appetite statements which outline clear limits for operations such as client and transaction ac-
ceptance. These policies are available to all employees and integrated in relevant written procedures and pro-
cesses. The policy framework is promoted both via managers as mandatory reading and through annual manda-
tory training sessions.  
 
The Group has also taken a wide range of initiatives to increase transparency and to increase confidence from 
clients so that they can make the best choice when choosing a facilitator. The Group is one of the first banks to 
have signed up to the FX Global Code of Conduct, which is aimed at improving industry standards and promot-
ing best practice among FX market participants. 
 
The Group has appointed an Anti-Bribery and Corruption Officer who is tasked with assessing compliance with 
the policy and to whom suspicions of bribery or corruption within the Group can be reported. 
 
9.13 
Risk, capital and liquidity management  
9.13.1 
Risk management 
The Group's overall risk management framework and governance structure is established by the Board of Di-
rectors and based on recommendations from the Board Risk Committee.  
 
The Board instructions prepared by the Board of Directors to the Board of Management on how to manage the 
day-to-day business of the Group are supplemented by the Group's Risk Appetite Statements as well as number 
of risk management policies, which define the Group's risk management framework and articulate the Group's 
risk appetite, including specific limits for the Group's risk-taking activities. 
 
The Chief Risk Officer (CRO) has the overall responsibility for supporting the Board of Directors and Board of 
Management in establishing, maintaining and implementing the risk management framework, as well as for 
controlling and reporting the Group's risks profile.  
 
The Group is exposed to different risk types which are further specified, together with more information about 
the Group's Risk Management objectives and policies, in the Group's Risk Report 2024 available at the Issuer's 
website. The information on the Issuer's website, or any other website, has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the DFSA and does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is explicitly incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus. 
9.13.2 
Capital management  
The purpose of the Group’s capital management is to ensure that the Group has sufficient capital at all times to 
cover the risks associated with its activities. The framework for the Group's capital management is rooted in the

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
CRD IV Pillars I, II and III, and the primary capital management tool is the Group's Internal Capital Adequacy 
Assessment Process ("ICAAP"). 
 
The Pillar II requirement set forth in the EU Capital Requirement Directive has been implemented into Danish 
law in the Danish Financial Business Act and further subsequent regulation including the ICAAP Guideline. 
Following the methodology in the ICAAP Guideline, the Group utilises the 8 per cent. Pillar I capital require-
ment as a (minimum) starting point for the calculation of the capital adequacy level with add-ons for other risks 
not fully reflected in the Pillar I requirement. The assessment of the required level of internal capital adequacy 
is done in the Group's ICAAP Report which is approved by the Board of Directors.  
 
Part of the Group's ICAAP process is to identify risks associated with the activities of the Group including 
whether a possible Pillar II add-on is required for each specific identified risk. Further, based on internal, quan-
titative and qualitative approaches and, if relevant, internal expert input and management judgments, further pos-
sible Pillar II add-ons can be included in the Pillar II requirement.  
 
The Board of Directors has defined the risk appetite limits within the capital management area in the Group's 
risk appetite statement and the Group's Capital Policy. The Capital Policy determines the overall guidelines for 
the management of the Group's capital and the guidelines for assessment of the capital requirement. The Group 
recognises that a strong capital position is necessary and has therefore defined an internal capital adequacy 
surplus buffer (on top of the capital requirement), which defines the minimum distance to the capital require-
ment. If this buffer is breached, the internal policy dictates that dividends cannot be paid out. The internal Capital 
Surplus buffer is defined to avoid early intervention or breach of the capital requirement which would impose 
restrictions on the Group. 
 
The Group has further defined a capital plan to ensure that the Group maintains a sufficient capitalisation to 
both meet its capital requirements and support its risk profile and strategic goals. For this, it takes into consid-
eration both short-term and long-term effects of changes to the risk profile. As such, the Group's capital plan 
further considers expectations to regulation, strategic initiatives and other potential major changes to the risk 
profile and thereby the future capital requirements.  
 
Potential changes to the risk profile and ensuring future capital needs are assessed in the ICAAP and further 
included in the capital plan. The capital plan is reviewed at least on a quarterly basis if needed, to ensure that 
the Group's projected capital adequacy is up-to-date. 
 
The capital plan is used in the strategic decision-making process by the Board of Management and the Board of 
Directors.  
 
On 27 June 2023, the Issuer was designated a SIFI, which will lead to an increase in the capital requirements 
applicable to the Issuer. The SIFI-buffer requirement of the Group is as at the date of this Base Prospectus set 
at 1.00 per cent of REA with an effective date from 31 December 2024. The Issuer is also subject to a MREL 
requirement effective as of 1 January 2024. See also risk factor "Risks related to the Issuer" - "The Issuer is 
subject to capital requirements and other capital adequacy regulations". 
 
The Group's capital requirements are disclosed in the Group's Risk Report 2024 available at the Issuer's website. 
The information on the Issuer's website, or any other website, has not been scrutinised or approved by the DFSA 
and does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is explicitly incorporated by reference 
into the Base Prospectus. 
9.13.3 
Liquidity management  
The Board of Directors has defined the Group's Liquidity Policy and Risk Appetite Statement which define the 
overall principles of the liquidity management as well as the overall limits for liquidity risk. The Group has a 
low appetite for liquidity risk and the overall strategy of liquidity risk management in the Group is to ensure 
that the Group at all times has a strong liquidity position with a safe prudent margin to the regulatory and

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
internally defined minimum requirements.  
 
The Group has defined internal liquidity minimum levels and regulatory limits based on stress tests and regularly 
carries out stress tests. The defined stress scenarios include: a market wide stress scenario where general market 
conditions impacting the Group are stressed, an idiosyncratic stress where factors related to the Group specifi-
cally are stressed, and a combination of the two before-mentioned scenarios in a so-called combined stress 
scenario. For each period, a different severity of stress is applied. The market wide and the idiosyncratic sce-
narios represent highly unlikely, however not unimaginable events, whereas the combined scenario is consid-
ered extremely severe but still plausible. 
 
To monitor liquidity risk, the Group performs daily liquidity calculations and monitoring of liquidity risk metrics 
("LCR"). Reporting on the liquidity area includes: a daily report to the Board of Management, which contains 
the daily liquidity position including the liquidity buffers as well as the daily calculated LCR, a monthly Risk & 
Capital Report including key metrics on liquidity to the Board of Directors and Board of Management, a yearly 
internal liquidity adequacy assessment process (ILAAP) to the Board of Directors. Through the ILAAP the Group 
evaluates the liquidity and funding requirement, liquidity and funding risks and the overall liquidity and funding 
management framework focuses on the liquidity and funding requirements and defines the Group’s internally 
required level of liquidity. The ILAAP is approved by the Board of Directors. 
 
The Group's liquidity requirements according to the Capital Requirements Regulation are disclosed in the Group's 
Risk Report 2023 available at the Issuer's website. The information on the Issuer's website, or any other website, 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the DFSA and does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that 
information is explicitly incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
9.14 
On-boarding of Clients  
Client on-boarding is a critical function for the Group and is supervised by the Group’s Financial Crime Department 
in the first line of defence. This department is responsible for, among other things, Know-Your-Customer and Anti 
Money Laundering due diligence processes required by applicable legislation. The Group's Compliance Department 
serves as the second line of defence, providing the Financial Crime Department with guidance and advice, and en-
suring independent risk and compliance oversight and control regarding the first line of defence (i.e., that the Group's 
Financial Crime Department adheres to their policies and procedures). 
9.15 
Major shareholders and share capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's nominal share capital amounts to DKK 73,639,899 consisting 
of 73,639,899 shares with a nominal value of DKK 1 each. The share capital has been fully paid up, is not divided 
into share classes and all shares rank pari passu in respect of voting rights, pre-emption rights, redemption, con-
version and restrictions or limitations according to the Issuer's Articles of Association of eligibility to receive 
dividend or proceeds in the event of dissolution or liquidation.  
 
As of 31 December 2024, the following shareholders were registered as holders of 5 per cent. or more of the 
share capital of the Issuer: 
 
• 
Geely Financials Denmark A/S directly holding 49.88 per cent of the shares and voting rights in the 
Issuer. Geely Financials Denmark A/S is a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws 
of Denmark with company registration (CVR) no. 38976176 and registered address at Axeltorv 2, DK-
1609 Copenhagen V, Denmark. 
 
• 
Fournais Holding A/S directly holding 28.09 per cent. of the shares and voting rights of the Issuer. Four-
nais Holding A/S is a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Denmark with 
company registration (CVR) no. 28098790 and registered address Skodsborgvej 242, Søllerød, DK-2850 
Nærum, Denmark; and 
 
• 
Mandatum Oyj directly holding 19.83 per cent. of the shares and voting rights of the Issuer. Mandatum 
Oyj is a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Finland with business code

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
0641130-2 and registered address at Bulevardi 56, 00120 Helsinki, Finland. Mandatum Oyj is listed on 
Nasdaq Helsinki. 
 
The remaining shares are held by minority shareholders including a number of current and former employees of 
the Group. 
 
On 10 March 2024, J. Safra Sarasin Group and the Issuer annocuned the signing of an acquisition by J. Safra 
Sarasin of approximately 70 per cent. of the share capital in the Issuer from Geely Financials Denmark A/S and 
Mandatum Oyj (the "Share Transfer Deal "). The completion of the Share Transfer Deal is subject to standard 
regulatory and other approvals, including from the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority and the DFSA. 
Upon completion of the Share Transfer Deal, the following shareholders will be holding more than 5 per cent. or 
more of the share capital of the Issuer, Fournais Holding A/S (approximately 28 per cent.) and J. Safra Sarasin 
Group (approximately 70 per cent.). Except as set out in the previous two sentences, the Issuer is not aware of 
being owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by others, and the Issuer is not aware of any agreement that 
could later result in others taking control over the Issuer, other than a shareholders' agreement concluded amongst 
the three majority shareholders mentioned above. The Issuer has not implemented any measures to prevent abuse 
of control.  
9.16 
Group structure 
 
The Group is comprised of the Issuer and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, which include both financial insti-
tutions and non-financial institutions.  
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the material direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Issuer is as set out below.  
 
Figure 3: Group structure 
 
 
In addition, the Group has branches and representational offices in a number of countries.  
 
Further information relating to the Group’s subsidiaries, including location, licences, net profit and equity, is 
disclosed in the Group's Annual Report 2024 available at the Issuer's website. The information on the Issuer's 
website, or any other website, has not been scrutinised or approved by the DFSA and does not form part of the 
Base Prospectus unless that information is explicitly incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not dependent upon other entities within the Group.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
9.17 
Objective 
Pursuant to article 2 of the Articles of Association, the objects of the Issuer are to conduct banking business of 
any kind and other business allowed pursuant to banking legislation. 
9.18 
Legal, governmental and regulatory proceedings 
As part of its ordinary course of business, the Group is and will from time to time be involved in discussions, 
disputes and legal proceedings, including claims relating to commercial counterparties, authorities, employees 
and other business-related disputes. 
 
The results of such disputes and legal proceedings may be hard to predict, and the Issuer's assessment of the 
relevant disputes and proceedings may change as they unfold. The Group expenses legal fees as incurred and 
records a provision for contingent losses when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the 
amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. An unfavourable outcome to any material legal matter may 
result in damages being awarded, injunctions and/or termination of product lines, all of which could have finan-
cial implications exceeding any provisions made and therefore have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
operating results, cash flow and financial position. 
 
Other than the below mentioned proceedings, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings against 
or affecting the Issuer or any Group companies (and no such proceedings are pending or threatened of which 
the Issuer is aware) during a period covering at least the previous twelve months which have or may have in the 
recent past, individually or in the aggregate, significant effects on the profitability or the financial position of 
the Issuer or of the Group.  
9.18.1 
Legal proceedings 
Case in Denmark - transactions reporting  
In December 2023, the Issuer was charged for violation of Articles 26(1) and 26(7)(4) of MiFIR by having 
failed to perform proper and accurate transaction reporting in the period from 3 January 2018 to 30 June 2021 
and for not taking reasonable steps to verify the completeness, accuracy and timeliness of the transaction reports. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the matter is still pending before the courts. A violation of Article 26 of 
MiFIR is sanctionable by fine.  
 
Case in the Netherlands - closing of positions 
In January 2015, BinckBank (the Issuer's former subsidiary which was merged into the Issuer in June 2024) 
blocked the account of a client and closed the client's positions after determining that the client had breached 
the licensing requirements under the Dutch Financial Supervision Act. The client claimed that the closure of the 
account was unjustified and initiated litigation. On 17 May 2017, the Amsterdam Court concluded that 
BinckBank acted negligently in liquidating the investment portfolio of the client and referred for the calculation 
of damages to a separate damage assessment procedure (in Dutch: schadestaatprocedure). The decision was 
upheld by the Amsterdam Court of Appeal in a ruling of 12 May 2020. In the context of the damage assessment 
procedure, BinckBank received a summon on 12 April 2023. The client has claimed an amount of EUR 53 
million to offset their incurred damages. Based on the current situation, the legal provision of EUR 500,000 for 
the liability risks has not been adjusted. BinckBank’s statement of defense has been submitted in response to 
this summon at the end of July. The Issuer is now awaiting a date to be set by the Amsterdam Court to initiate 
the hearing phase.  
9.18.2 
Governmental and regulatory proceedings 
AML inspection by the Danish FSA 
The DFSA has on its website published a statement dated 12 February 2024 relating to an AML inspection of 
the Issuer that took place on 11 and 12 May 2023. The inspection was focused on the Issuer's correspondent 
relationships, including the Issuer's financial clients and white label clients. The statement includes several en-
forcement orders, including in relation to customer due diligence and transaction monitoring relating to financial 
clients and white label clients. The statement also includes an express expectation that the Issuer increases its 
Pillar II add-on (individual solvency requirement) relating to AML shortcomings from DKK 25 million to DKK

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
150 million, which is accepted by the Issuer and implemented in the Issuer's ICAAP. The Issuer has since the 
inspection carried out a comprehensive remediation programme focused on strengthening anti-money launder-
ing compliance for its financial clients and white label clients.  
 
On 7 and 8 November 2024, the DFSA conducted a follow-up inspection in order to assess whether the Issuer 
has complied with the enforcement orders. At the follow-up inspection, the DFSA verbally conveyed to the 
Issuer that (i) the DFSA intends to close all enforcement orders, except for one order regarding correspondent 
relationships outside EU, which the DFSA considered only partially fulfilled, and (ii) that the DFSA will pursue 
an administrative fine and initiate an administrative fining process for the alleged shortcomings. With respect 
to no. (i) the Issuer has not received any written feedback from the DFSA after the follow-up inspection. 
 
On 5 December 2024, the DFSA initiated the administrative fining process by providing the Issuer with a draft 
civil fine notice which focused on the Issuer's alleged failure to obtain information on purpose and scope of 
certain clients, and the alleged failure to appropriately monitor transactions of certain clients, hence this only 
includes parts of the enforcement orders. A penalty is expected to be imposed. The amount of such penalty, 
which may be material, remains uncertain at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
 
Compliance risks inspection by the DFSA 
The DFSA has published a statement on its website dated 29 April 2024, relating to a compliance inspection of 
the Issuer conducted in the autumn of 2023. The inspection particularly focused on the Issuer’s handling of 
compliance risks. The statement includes several enforcement orders, which pertain to implementing effective 
methods and procedures for detecting and mitigating compliance risks. The statement also includes an express 
expectation that the Issuer increases its Pillar 2 add-on by DKK 150 million which is accepted by the Issuer and 
implemented in the Issuer's ICAAP.  The Issuer has since the inspection had focus on implementing methods 
and procedures to strengthen its handling of compliance risks and is in close dialogue with the DFSA on the 
matter.   
 
Enforcement order by the DFSA regarding risk measurements with respect to the Issuer’s contracts with certain 
third parties 
The DFSA has published a statement on 3 November 2023 regarding an enforcement order about inadequate 
risk measurements in the Issuer’s contracts with certain third parties. The order requires the Issuer to identify 
risks associated with these third parties and implement effective measures to manage them. The Issuer is work-
ing on implementing methods and procedures enabling the Group to identify, measure and manage such risks.  
 
Inspection on the Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book (IRRBB) area 
The DFSA has published a statement on its website dated 2 July 2024, relating to an inspection with a focus on 
the Issuer's handling of interest rate risk outside the trading book. The statement includes two enforcement 
orders concerning improvement of its sensitivity analyses and to implement independent or compensating 
measures. One of the orders have been closed, and the other order is in the process of being close.  
 
IT Inspection by the DFSA 
The DFSA published a statement on its website on 13 December 2024 regarding an IT inspection of the Issuer 
conducted in the summer of 2024. On the basis of the inspection, the DFSA found that the Issuer has deficien-
cies in respect of the Issuer's IT security management, IT risk management, IT contingency management, and 
IT auditing resulting in higher IT risk for the Issuer. The statement includes specific orders regarding the iden-
tified deficiencies, which the Issuer is in process of implementing.  
9.19 
Funding, financing and solvency 
The Group finances its activities through its operating income, deposits and the issuance of debt instruments 
(Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital) and MREL eligible liabilities. The Issuer has established an EUR 2,000,000,000 
senior note, non-preferred senior note and subordinated note programme in March 2024 which will be updated 
in 2025. There have been no material changes in the Group's financing and funding structure since 31 December 
2024. The Group expects that its future activities will also be financed through operating income, deposits and

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
the issuance of debt instruments. 
 
Since 31 December 2024, the last day of the financial period in which the most recent financial statements of the 
Issuer have been prepared, there have been no events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent rele-
vant for an evaluation of the Issuer's solvency. 
9.20 
Recent developments 
Since 31 December 2024, the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recently audited 
financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects 
of the Issuer.  
 
Since 31 December 2024, the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent financial 
statements of the Issuer have been prepared, there has been no significant change in (i) the financial or trading 
position of the Issuer or the Group or (ii) the financial performance of the Issuer or the Group.  
 
The Issuer is not aware of any trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely 
to have a material effect on the Issuer's prospects for at least the current financial year.  
9.21 
Management of the Issuer  
The Issuer’s administrative bodies are its Board of Directors and its Board of Management. The Board of Di-
rectors is responsible for the Issuer's overall and strategic management and supervises the Issuer's activities, 
management, and organisation. The Board of Directors appoints and dismisses the members of the Board of 
Management, who are responsible for the day-to-day operations in conjunction with the rest of the Executive 
Team. 
9.21.1 
Board of Directors  
The Board of Directors is comprised of non-executive directors who are elected by the shareholders of the Issuer 
at the annual general meeting. The directors are elected for terms of up to two years at a time but are eligible for 
re-election. Under Danish law the employees of the Group have the right to appoint employee representatives 
to the Board of Directors of the Issuer, however, to date, the employees have not exercised this right. 
 
The Board of Directors currently consists of six members elected by the general meeting. The following table 
sets forth an overview of the members of the Board of Directors: 
 
Position 
Year of 
first ap-
point-
ment 
Expira-
tion of 
term 
Kari Stadigh .........................................  
Chairman 
2021 
2025 
Henrik Normann ..................................  
Vice Chairman 2015 
2025 
Daniel Li ..............................................  
Board member 
2018 
2025 
Patrick Lapveteläinen ..........................  
Board member 
2018 
2025 
Henrik Andersen…………………….. 
Board member 
2022 
2025 
John Zhang ..........................................  
Board member 
2024 
2025 
 
The Board of Directors believes that its size and composition is appropriate for achieving a constructive debate 
and efficient decision making. It is important for the Issuer that each member of the Board of Directors has 
sufficient knowledge and professional competence and experience to be able to carry out the duties and respon-
sibilities of a Board member. Board members must set aside sufficient time to carry out their duties and respon-
sibilities as a Board member.  
 
The business address of the Board of Directors is Phillip Heymans Allé 15, 2900 Hellerup, Denmark. 
9.21.2 
Biographies

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
Kari Henrik Stadigh (born 5 December 1955, Finnish nationality) has been the Chairman and member of the 
Board of Directors since 2021. Kari Stadigh is currently also chairman of the board of directors of FSP for Surface 
Protection Oy, Alesco SA, and Metso Outotec Corporation (listed) as well as member of the board of directors 
of B-Flexion Holdings S.A., Byggmästare Anders J Ahlström Holding AB (listed), Bertarelli Partners Ltd, Cap-
stan Ltd and Rigger Ltd. 
 
Henrik Michael Normann (born 26 March 1953, Danish nationality) has been the Vice Chairman since 2018 
and member of the Board of Directors since 2015. Henrik Normann is also the chairman of the Risk Committee. 
Henrik Normann is currently also chairman of the board of directors of Fournais Holding A/S, Investerings-
foreningen Maj Invest, Saga Private Equity ApS,  and Syfoglomad Limited, vice chairman of the board of direc-
tors of Esperante Investments S.à.r.l., member of the board of directors of Ferring Holding SA, P/S Louise Nor-
mann Invest and P/S Anders Emil Normann Invest, CEO of Nicolie Invest ApS, as well as fully liable partner of 
Kronprinsessegade 6/v Henrik Michael Normann.  
 
Daniel Donghui Li (born 26 June 1970, Chinese nationality) has been member of the Board of Directors since 
2018. Daniel Donghui Li is currently also chairman of the board of directors of  Genius Auto Finance Co. 
Limited and Lotus Group International Limited, member of the board of directors of Geely Holding Group, 
Zhejiang Wisdom Financials Leasing Co., Ltd., Volvo Car Corporation as well as CEO of Geely Holding Group.  
 
Patrick Lapveteläinen (full name John Patrick Sture Lapveteläinen) (born 28 September 1966, Finnish nation-
ality) has been member of the Board of Directors since 2018. Patrick Lapveteläinen is also member of the Risk 
Committee and chairman of the Remuneration Committee. Patrick Lapveteläinen is currently also chairman of 
the board of directors of Enento Group Plc., Mandatum Holding Ltd., Mandatum Asset Management Ltd. and 
Mandatum Life Insurance Company Limited, member of the board of directors of If P&C Insurance Holding 
Ltd and If P&C Insurance Ltd. as well as Group CIO of Sampo (listed).  
 
Henrik Andersen (born 31 December 1967, Danish nationality) has been member of the Board of Directors 
since 2022. Henrik Andersen is also chairman of the Audit Committee. Henrik Andersen is currently also chair-
man of the board of directors of Vestas Manufacturing A/S, Vestas Americas A/S,  Vestas Mediterranean A/S, 
Vestas Asia Pacific A/S, Vestas Shared Service A/S, Wind Power Invest A/S, Vestas Central Europe A/S, Vestas 
Ventures A/S, Vestas Development A/S, Vestas India Holding A/S and Wind Power Development India A/S, 
member of the board of directors of Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners Holding P/S,Copenhagen Infrastructure 
Partners GP Interests Topco Aps and Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners GP Interests Holding K/S as well as 
CEO of Vestas Wind Systems A/S and Vestas Infrastructure Invest ApS.  
 
Joe Zhang (born 18 July 1979, Chinese nationality) has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2024.   
Joe Zhang Quan is Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Geely Holding Group. Joe Zhang joined 
Geely Holding Group in April 2014 and has held many key positions such as Head of Geely Auto Finance De-
partment, Head of Geely Holding Group Treasury Department, and Director of Geely Holding Group Strategic 
Finance Center, etc. In December 2020, Joe Zhang was appointed Deputy CFO of Geely Holding Group and in 
May 2021 he was appointed CFO of Geely Holding Group. 
9.21.3 
Board of Management 
Pursuant to article 12.1 of the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors appoints the members of the Board 
of Management. The Board of Management is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Issuer's busi-
ness and consists of at least two and no more than four members.  
 
The following table sets forth an overview of the members of the Board of Management: 
 
Position 
Year of first 
appointment  
Year of ap-
pointment to 
current posi-
tion  
Kim Fournais ..................................  
Founder and CEO 
1992 
2016

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
Position 
Year of first 
appointment  
Year of ap-
pointment to 
current posi-
tion  
Søren Kyhl(1) ...................................  
Deputy CEO and Group Chief Oper-
ating Officer 
2016 
2016 
Mads Dorf Petersen(2) .....................  
Group Chief Financial Officer 
2022 
2023 
John Carmichael……………….. 
Chief Risk and Compliance Officer 
2024 
2024 
(1) Søren Kyhl was appointed Group Chief Operating Officer in 2016 and Deputy CEO in 2018. 
(2) Mads Dorf Petersen was appointed Interim CFO Chief Group Financial Officer in 2022 and Group Chief Financial Officer in 2022.  
 
The business address of the Board of Management is Phillip Heymans Allé 15, 2900 Hellerup, Denmark. 
9.21.4 
Biographies 
Kim Fournais (born 30 June 1966, Danish nationality) has been CEO of the Issuer since 2016. Kim Fournais 
founded the Issuer in 1992. Kim Fournais is currently also chairman of the board of directors of Vejrø ApS, 
member of the board of directors of Fournais Holding A/S, CEO of Fournais Holding A/S, and Fournais Avia-
tion ApS as well as fully liable partner of Vatelunden 2020, and Hjortemosevej 41 I/S.  
 
Søren Kyhl (born 19 March 1968, Danish nationality) has been Group Chief Operating Officer of the Issuer 
since 2016 and Deputy CEO of the Issuer since 2018. Prior to joining the Group, Søren Kyhl was Global Head 
of Transaction Banking and COO in C&I, Executive Vice President of Danske Bank A/S.  
 
Mads Dorf Petersen (born 27 June 1976, Danish nationality) has been Group Chief Financial Officer of the 
Issuer since 2022 and joined the Group in 2009. Prior to joining the Group, Mads Dorf Petersen was seven years 
at Copenhagen Airports A/S. 
 
John Carmichael (born 1970, British and Danish nationality) has been Chief Risk and Compliance Officer 
since 2024 and joined the Group in 2009. Prior to joining the Group, John Carmichael spent nine years at Price-
waterhouseCoopers and three years at Maersk Group.  
9.21.5 
Conflict of interest 
After application of the relevant laws and conflict of interest policies of the Issuer, no potential conflict of 
interest exists between the duties to the Issuer of the persons on the Board of Directors and the Board of Man-
agement and their private interests and/or other duties listed above. 
 
The Board of Directors is required to conduct its functions in accordance with: 
 
• 
the Danish Financial Business Act and the Danish Executive Order No. 788 of 1 June 2022 on Man-
agement and Control of Banks (bekendtgørelse om ledelse og styring af pengeinstitutter m.fl.) as 
amended; 
 
• 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer; and 
 
• 
the Rules and Procedures of the Board of Directors.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
10. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The offering, sale and delivery of the Securities is restricted to customers of the Issuer or a company within the 
Group who hold a brokerage account with the Issuer or a company within the Group. The Securities may not be 
offered, sold or delivered in any jurisdiction outside the European Economic Area. 
 
United States of America 
 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration require-
ments of the Securities Act. Each distributor that has obtained the Issuer's consent to use this Base Prospectus 
has agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver the Securities, (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of an offering and the closing date of the offering 
(the "Resale Restriction Termination Date"), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Securities prior to the Resale Restriction Termina-
tion Date a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Securities within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of an offering, an offer or sale of the Securities within the 
United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
Notice to Investors in the European Economic Area 
 
In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area where the Prospectus Regulation applies (other 
than Denmark, the Netherlands, Belgium, France and Spain) (each a "Relevant Member State"), no offer will 
be made to the public in any Relevant Member State prior to the publication of a prospectus concerning the 
Securities which has been approved by the competent authority in such Relevant Member State or, where rele-
vant, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in such Relevant 
Member State, all pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, except that an offering of the Securities may be made 
to the public at any time in such Relevant Member State pursuant available exemptions under the Prospectus 
Regulation. In any Relevant Member State other than Denmark, the Netherlands, Belgium, France and Spain, 
the Base Prospectus is only addressed to, and is only directed at, investors in such Relevant Member State that 
fulfil the criteria for exemption from the obligation to publish a prospectus. 
 
For the purposes of the above, the expression an "offer to the public" in relation to the Securities in any Relevant 
Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the Securities or the public offer of the Securities so as to enable an investor to decide whether to acquire the 
Securities. 
 
Notice to Investors in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
 
In the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (the "U.K."), an offer to the public of any Securi-
ties contemplated by this Base Prospectus may not be made, except that an offer to the public in the U.K. of any 
Securities may be made at any time under available exemptions under the UK Prospectus Regulation, provided 
that no such offer of Securities shall require the Issuer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the 
FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer to the public" in relation to any Securities in the U.K. 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
any Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase any Securities, and the expression 
"UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
11. 
TAXATION 
The tax legislation of the Securityholder's member state and Denmark may have an impact on the income re-
ceived from the Securities. Accordingly, any tax consequences of the Securities, such as the payment of stamp 
taxes or other documentary taxes or fiscal duties and income taxes, may have an impact on the net income from 
the Securities.  
 
All taxes, if any, incurred in connection with the redemption of the Securities or any other payment under the 
Securities will be for the account of the Securityholder. The Issuer and the Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
are entitled, but not obliged, to withhold from any payment in respect of the Securities such taxes. In case of 
any deduction or withholding of taxes, payments in respect of the Securities shall only be made after such 
deduction or withholding and the Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts to a Securityholder 
in respect of such deduction or withholding. 
 
Prospective holders of the Securities should carefully consider the tax consequences of investing in the 
Securities and consult their own professional tax advisers if they are in doubt about their own tax position. 
In addition, potential investors should be aware that tax regulations and their application by the relevant taxation 
authorities change from time to time, with or without retroactive effect. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict 
the precise tax treatment which will apply at any given time. Any changes to tax law and practices may reduce 
the value of the Securities and/or the market price of the Securities. In particular, the tax treatment of the Secu-
rities may change after a Securityholder invests in the Securities. Any potential investor therefore bears the risk 
that the tax treatment of the Securities differs from the tax treatment anticipated at the time when such potential 
investor decides to invest in the Securities and/or that the tax treatment of the Securities becomes disadvanta-
geous to the Securityholder.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
12. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer passed on 13 February 2025. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all nec-
essary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the 
Securities. 
 
2. 
The Annual Reports have, in each case, been audited by State Authorised Public Accountants Anders 
Oldau Gjelstrup (MNE no. 10777) and Jens Ringbæk (MNE no. 27735), Deloitte Statsautoriseret Re-
visionspartnerskab, Weidekampsgade 6, DK-2300 Copenhagen S, Denmark, being the relevant inde-
pendent public auditors of the Issuer for such periods. Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerskab 
is a member of "FSR - Danske Revisorer" (Association of State Authorised Public Accountants). No 
other information in this Base Prospectus has been audited or reviewed by the Issuer's statutory audi-
tors and no report has been produced by such.  
 
3. 
Where this Base Prospectus and its Final Terms contains information that has been sourced from a 
third party, the Issuer confirms that this information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the 
Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from the information published by that third party, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
4. 
This Base Prospectus does not include any statements or reports from any persons attributed as an 
expert and no statement or report from such expert has been produced at the Issuer's request. 
 
5. 
The Issuer has entered into a cooperation agreement with UBS AG, UBS AG, London Branch and 
UBS Switzerland concerning the Securities. Pursuant to this cooperation agreement, UBS AG, London 
Branch and UBS Switzerland undertakes to act as market maker, calculation agent, hedging agent, 
settlement bank, safekeeping bank and paying agent to the Issuer in connection with the issue and 
offering of the Securities under this Base Prospectus. Other than this, there is no material contracts 
(other than those entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business) to which the Group is a 
party which could result in any Group member being under an obligation or an entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Securityholders in respect of the Securities. 
 
6. 
The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Issuer at https://en-dk.structured-prod-
ucts.saxo/. The Final Terms of each issue of Securities will be published on the Issuer's website at 
https://en-dk.structured-products.saxo/.  
 
7. 
For at least a period of twelve months following the date of this Base Prospectus, the following docu-
ments can be inspected on the Issuer's webpages as outlined below: 
 
(i) 
the memorandum of association of the Issuer and the Articles of Association of the Issuer 
(https://www.home.saxo/da-dk/about-us/investor-relations); 
 
(ii) 
the Annual Report 2024 (https://www.home.saxo/-/media/documents/annual-reports/saxo-
bank-annual-report-2024.pdf?revision=0dd24750-0327-4253-a3b4-959244deed18)  
 
(iii) 
the Annual Report 2023 (https://www.home.saxo/-/media/documents/annual-reports/saxo-
bank-annual-report-2022.pdf?revision=e965c996-6075-45ad-aa8b-2554636c64b2) 
 
The information on the Issuer's website (https://www.home.saxo/da-dk), or any other website, has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the DFSA and does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that 
information is explicitly incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
 
8. 
UBS and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, UBS 
and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. UBS and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in re-
spect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they ac-
quire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
 
9. 
The issue price and amount of the Securities to be issued under the Programme will be determined by 
the Issuer at the time of the issue of such Securities in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
 
10. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed 
to them under applicable law.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
13. 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
 
Definition or page 
"Additional Termination Event" 
events which may entitle the Issuer to terminate the Securities (to be 
finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Additional Own Funds Require-
ment or The Individual Solvency 
Requirement" 
the CRD Directive contemplates that competent authorities may re-
quire additional “Pillar 2” capital to be maintained by an institution 
"Adjustment Date" 
the date on which the Financing Level, the Stop Loss Level, the Strike, 
the Knock Out Barrier, the Fee Adjustment Ratio, the Reset Barrier, 
and the Conversion Ratio are adjusted, and/or the Rate, the DivFactor, 
the Dividend Factor, the Dividend Costs, the FSpread, the Security Fee 
and the Stop Loss Premium are determined or set (to be finally defined 
or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Adjustment Time" 
the time a day on the Adjustment Date at which an adjustment of the 
Financing Level, the Stop Loss Level, the Strike, the Knock Out Bar-
rier, the Fee Adjustment Ratio, the Reset Barrier, and/or the Conver-
sion Ratio will come into effect (to be finally defined or set in the ap-
plicable Final Terms) 
"AFM" 
the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (in Dutch: Autoriteit Fi-
nanciële Markten) 
"American Depositary Receipt" 
a negotiable instrument issued by a United States commercial bank 
acting as a depositary pursuant to a Depositary Agreement unless such 
Depositary Agreement has not been entered into, that represents a 
specified number of Underlying Shares issued by an entity organised 
outside the United States held in a safekeeping account with the depos-
itary’s custodian (to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final 
Terms) 
"Annual Report 2024" 
the annual report of the Group for the financial year ended 31 Decem-
ber 2024 
"Annual Report 2023" 
the annual report of the Group for the financial year ended 31 Decem-
ber 2023  
"Annual Reports" 
the Annual Report 2023 and the Annual Report 2024 
"API" 
the Group's platforms and application programming interface  
"B2B" 
business to business 
"B2B2C" 
business to business to consumer 
"B2C" 
business to consumer 
"Banking Day" 
each day on which the banks in Copenhagen, Denmark, and/or the 
banks in Zurich, Switzerland, are open for business, or the Trans-Eu-
ropean Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer Sys-
tem is open and potentially the Settlement Bank settles securities deal-
ings or as otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms (to be 
finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Base Prospectus" 
this base prospectus 
"Basel Committee" 
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision  
“Basel IV CRD/CRR Package” 
the CRR Regulation and the CRD Directive, implementing, inter alia, 
Basel IV 
"Basket" 
a basket of assets used as Underlyings (to be finally defined or set in 
the applicable Final Terms) 
"Basket Component" 
share (including a certificate representing shares), an index, a currency 
exchange rate, a precious metal, a commodity, an interest rate, a non-

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
equity security, a fund unit, a futures contract and/or a reference rate 
(to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Benchmark" 
indices, reference rates and interest rates (to be finally defined or set in 
the applicable Final Terms) 
"Benchmark Regulation" 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in certain 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the perfor-
mance of investment funds, as amended 
"BinckBank" 
BinckBank N.V., acqiured by the Issuer in August 2019 
"Board of Management" 
the Issuer's board of management 
"BRRD" 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EU) 
"Business Day" 
each day on which the banks in Copenhagen, Denmark, and/or the 
banks in Zurich, Switzerland are open for business or as otherwise de-
termined in the applicable Final Terms 
"Calculation Agent" 
UBS AG, Bahnhofstrasse 45, 8001 Zurich, Switzerland  
"CATS" 
the electronic trading systems CATS-OS and/or CATS-LS and/or any 
successor of such trading systems, operated by Boerse Stuttgart cats 
GmbH (or its successor in respect of CATS) 
"CFD" 
contracts for difference 
"Client Cash Account" 
a cash account or accounts in the name of the Issuer for settlement of 
cash flows relating to the Securities in the Client Securities Account 
"Client Securities Account" 
a securities account or security accounts in the name of the Issuer, 
which Client Securities Account will hold the Securities in book-entry 
form for the account of the Securityholders 
"Component" or "Components" 
the individual underlying values or components of a Basket Compo-
nent 
"Conditions" 
the Product Terms and the General Conditions together 
"Conversion Ratio" 
the Initial Conversion Ratio and, thereafter, any then current conver-
sion ratio 
"CR(old)" 
the Conversion Ratio on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment 
(to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"CRD" 
the Capital Requirements Directive 
"CRD VI" 
Directive (EU) 2024/1619 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 31 May 2024 amending the Capital Requirements Directive 
IV as regards supervisory powers, sanctions, third-country branches, 
and environmental, social and governance risks 
"CRR III" 
amending the Capital Requirements Regulation as regards require-
ments for credit risk, credit valuation adjustment risk, operational risk, 
market risk and the output floor 
"Currency Conversion" 
a conversion of amounts payable into the Redemption Currency made 
by the Calculation Agent using the Relevant Conversion Rate (to be 
finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Currency of the Knock Out Bar-
rier" 
the currency of the Knock Out Barrier (to be finally defined or set in 
the applicable Final Terms) 
"Current Conversion Ratio" 
the new Conversion Ratio after adjustment of the Conversion Ratio  
"Current Fee Adjustment Ratio" or 
"CFAR" 
the new Fee Adjustment Ratio after adjustment of the Fee Adjustment 
Ratio  
"Current Financing Level" 
new Financing Level after adjustment of the Financing Level  
"Current Knock Out Barrier" 
new Knock Out Barrier after adjustment of the Knock Out Barrier 
"Current Reset Barrier" 
new Reset Barrier after adjustment of the Reset Barrier 
"Current Stop Loss Level" 
new Stop Loss Level after adjustment of the Stop Loss Level 
"Current Strike" 
new Strike after adjustment of the Strike 
"Danish Kroner" or "DKK" 
the lawful currency of Denmark

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
"Depositary Agreement" 
the agreement(s) or other instrument(s) constituting either the Ameri-
can Depositary Receipts, the Global Depositary Receipts or the Depos-
itary Receipts (to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final 
Terms) 
"DFSA" 
the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (in Danish: Finanstil-
synet) 
"distributor" 
any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Secu-
rities  
"DivFactor" 
a dividend factor, which reflects any taxation applied on dividends (to 
be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Dividend" 
dividend or similar payments, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
at its reasonable discretion, distributed to hypothetical holders of the 
Underlying (to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Dividend Costs" 
the costs determined at Calculation Agent's reasonable discretion as 
being those taxes or other charges and costs, which are levied in the 
context of the distribution of the dividends on shares used as Underly-
ings (to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"ESMA" 
the European Securities and Markets Authority  
"ETF" 
exchange traded fund 
"ETF-Benchmark" 
index, basket or specific single assets the performance of which ETFs 
are designed to replicate as closely as possible 
"EUR" or "euro" 
the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Eco-
nomic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning 
of the European Union, as amended, of those members of the European 
Union which are participating in the European Economic and Mone-
tary Union 
"EU Benchmark Regulation" 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in certain 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the perfor-
mance of investment funds 
"Event of Default" 
any of the following events: 
 
(i) there is a default for more than 30 days in the payment of any prin-
cipal due in respect of the Security; or 
 
(ii) there is a default in the performance by the Issuer of any other ob-
ligation under the Securities which is incapable of remedy or 
which, being a default capable of remedy, continues for 60 days 
after written notice of such default has been given by any Securi-
tyholder to the Issuer; or 
 
(iii) any order is made by any competent court or other authority in any 
jurisdiction or any resolution is passed by the Issuer (a) for the 
dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer, or (b) for the appointment 
of a liquidator, receiver or administrator of the Issuer or of all or a 
substantial part of the Issuer’s assets, or (c) with analogous effect 
for the Issuer, it is understood that anything in connection with a 
solvent reorganisation, reconstruction, amalgamation or merger 
shall not constitute an event of default; or 
 
(iv) the Issuer stops payment or is unable to, or admits to creditors gen-
erally its inability to, pay its debts as they fall due, or is adjudicated 
or found bankrupt or insolvent, or enters into any composition or 
other arrangements with its creditors generally

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
"Exchange Business Day" 
each day on which the Relevant Exchange is open for trading and the 
Price of the Underlying is determined in accordance with the relevant 
rules, or as otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms (to be 
finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms)  
"Exercise Date" 
the date(s) on which the Securityholder can exercise the Option Right 
(to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Exercise Notice" 
a written and legally signed notice by the Securityholder stating his 
intention to exercise the Option Right securitised in the Security  
"Exercise Period" 
the period in which the Securityholder can exercise the Option Right 
(to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Exercise Time" 
the time a day that the Securityholder can exercise the Option Right on 
the Exercise Date (to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final 
Terms) 
"Expiration Date" 
the date on which a Security expires (to be finally defined or set in the 
applicable Final Terms) 
"Final Terms" 
the applicable final terms 
"Final Valuation Date" 
potential cut-off date for  
(i) the Observation Period; and  
(ii) the determination of (a) price of an Underlying; (b) a rate; (c) the 
Reset Event, the Stop Loss Event or the Knock Out Event in case 
of record day related observation; (d) Settlement Price; (e) Term 
of the Securities; or (f) adjustments in accordance with § 6 of the 
Conditions 
(to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Financing Level" 
each of the Initial Financing Level and, thereafter, any then current 
financing level  
"Financing Level Currency" 
currency of the Financing Level (to be finally defined or set in the ap-
plicable Final Terms) 
"Fixing Date" 
the date on which the Initial Financing Level, the Initial Financing 
Spread, the Initial Knock Out Barrier, the Initial Stop Loss level, the 
Initial Strike, the Knock Out Barrier, the Leverage Factor, the Multi-
plier, the Issue Price and the Aggregate Amount may be fixed, and/or 
the date on which the Observation Period and the Term of the Securi-
ties may commence, and/or the cut-off date for the prevalence of a 
Market Disruption, and/or the date of adjustment of the selling price of 
the Securities, as determined in the applicable Final Terms (to be fi-
nally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Fixing Time" 
the time a day that the Initial Financing Level, the Initial Financing 
Spread, the Initial Knock Out Barrier, the Initial Stop Loss level, the 
Initial Strike, the Knock Out Barrier, the Leverage Factor, the Multi-
plier, the Issue Price and the Aggregate Amount may be fixed on the 
Fixing Date (to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"FSpread" 
the financing spread set after an Initial Financing Spread (to be finally 
defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Fund Business Day" 
any day in respect of which  
(i) the administrator of the fund calculates and publishes the Fund’s 
NAV in accordance with the relevant prospectus and constitutional 
documents of the fund; and  
(ii) a Notional Investor in the Fund Units of the fund could subscribe 
and redeem the Fund Units 
"Futures Contract with the next 
Expiration Date" 
a futures contract with the Expiration Date, which falls in the chrono-
logically next of the Relevant Expiration Months, or as otherwise

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
determined in the applicable Final Terms (to be finally defined or set 
in the applicable Final Terms) 
"FX" 
foreign exchange 
"Global Depositary Receipt" 
a negotiable instrument issued by a commercial bank acting as a de-
positary pursuant to a Depositary Agreement unless such Depositary 
Agreement has not been entered into, that represents a specified num-
ber of Underlying Shares issued by an entity and held in a safekeeping 
account with the depositary’s custodian 
"Governing Law" 
Danish law 
"Group" 
the Issuer together with its consolidated companies  
"Guidance On Additional Own 
Funds" or "P2G" 
Guidance introduced by the CRD Directive  
"Hedging Disruption" 
that the Hedging Counterparty is not able to 
(i) close, continue or carry out transactions or acquire, exchange, hold 
or sell assets (respectively) which at the reasonable discretion of 
the Hedging Counterparty are needed by the Hedging Counter-
party in order to provide protection against price risk or other risks 
with regard to obligations under the Securities; or 
 
(ii) realise, reclaim or pass on proceeds from such transactions or as-
sets (respectively) under conditions which are economically sub-
stantially equal to those on the Issue Date of the Securities 
"IBOR" 
interbank offered rates 
"ICAAP" 
the Group's Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process 
"IFRS" 
International Financial Reporting Standards 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" 
that the Hedging Counterparty has to pay a substantially higher amount 
of taxes, duties, expenditures and fees (with the exception of broker 
fees) compared to the Issue Date in order to  
(i) close, continue or carry out transactions or acquire, exchange, hold 
or sell assets (respectively) which at the reasonable discretion of 
the Hedging Counterparty are needed in order to provide protec-
tion against price risk or other risks with regard to obligations un-
der the Securities; or 
 
(ii) realise, reclaim or pass on proceeds from such transactions or as-
sets, respectively, with increased costs due to a deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Hedging Counterparty not to be considered 
Increased Cost of Hedging 
"Initial Conversion Ratio" 
Conversion Rate as of the date of the issue of any Securities (to be 
finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Initial Current Reset Barrier" 
Reset Barrier as of the date of the issue of any Securities (to be finally 
defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Initial Fee Adjustment Ratio" 
Fee Adjustment Ratio as of the date of the issue of any Securities (to 
be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Initial Financing Level" 
Financing Level as of the date of the issue of any Securities (to be fi-
nally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Initial Financing Spread" 
Financing Spread as of the date of the issue of any Securities (to be 
finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Initial Knock Out Barrier" 
Knock Out Barrier as of the date of the issue of any Securities (to be 
finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Initial Payment Date" 
Payment Date as of the date of the issue of any Securities (to be finally 
defined or set in the applicable Final Terms)

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
"Initial Security Fee" 
Security Fee as of the date of the issue of any Securities (to be finally 
defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Initial Stop Loss Level" 
Stop Loss Level as of the date of the issue of any Securities (to be 
finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Initial Stop Loss Premium" 
Stop Loss Premium as of the date of the issue of any Securities (to be 
finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Initial Strike" 
Strike as of the date of the issue of any Securities (to be finally defined 
or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Investors" 
the part of the Group's client base that, together with the Traders, com-
prises the Group's non-institutional business. Investors are B2C clients 
with a long-term investment horizon, who primarily invest in cash 
products with a lower risk profile 
"IOSCO Principles" 
IOSCO's Principles for Financial Benchmarks  
"Issue Date" 
the date of issue of the Securities (to be finally defined or set in the 
applicable Final Terms) 
"Issue Price" 
the relevant issue price at which the Securities will first be offered for 
purchase as specified in the applicable Final Terms (to be finally de-
fined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Issuer" 
Saxo Bank A/S, company registration no. 15731249, Philip Heymans 
Alle 15, DK-2900 Hellerup, Denmark. 
"Issuer Exercise Date" 
the date on which the Issuer is entitled to terminate and redeem the 
Securities not yet exercised (to be finally defined or set in the applica-
ble Final Terms) 
"Knock Out Barrier" 
the price level at which an Option Right lapses and each Security ex-
pires immediately worthless, which in respect of Turbo's XL Long 
means if the price of the Underlying reaches or falls short of a specific 
level, and in respect of Turbo's XL Short means if the price of the Un-
derlying reaches or exceeds a specific level (to be finally defined or set 
in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Knock Out Event" 
the event that the Option Right attached to a Turbo XL Long, Turbo 
XL Short, Factor (Long) Certificate or Factor (Short) Certificate lapses 
and each Turbo XL Long, Turbo XL Short, Factor (Long) Certificate 
or Factor (Short) Certificate expires immediately worthless  
"Knock Out Expiration Date" 
the date on which an Option Right attached to a Turbo XL Long, Turbo 
XL Short, Factor (Long) Certificate or Factor (Short) Certificate lapses 
and each Turbo XL Long, Turbo XL Short, Factor (Long) Certificate 
or Factor (Short) Certificate expires immediately worthless (to be fi-
nally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Knock Out Redemption Amount" an amount that the Securityholder is entitled to receive if a Knock Out 
Event prevails if specified in the applicable Final Terms (to be finally 
defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"KOB(Old)" 
Knock Out Barrier on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment 
"Last Exchange Trading Day" 
the date on which trading on the Securities will cease 
"Leverage Factor" 
a Product Terms which, if applicable, means that the Securityholder 
does not participate in the relevant performance of the Underlying or 
Basket Component by a 1:1 ratio but by a specific proportion (to be 
finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"LIBOR" 
the London Interbank Offered Rate  
"LCR" 
daily liquidity calculations and monitoring of liquidity risk metrics 
performed by the Group 
"Market Maker" 
UBS AG, London branch

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
"Market Making" 
that the Market Maker may determine the buying and selling prices for 
the Securities  
"MiFIR" 
EU Regulation 2014/600 on markets in financial instruments 
"Minimum Exercise Size" 
a Product Term which, if applicable, means that a Securityholder must 
tender a specified minimum number of the Securities in order to exer-
cise the Option Right vested in the Securities (to be finally defined or 
set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Minimum Own Funds Require-
ment" 
the minimum own funds requirements (also known as Pillar 1) 
"Minimum Settlement Amount" 
a Product Term which, if applicable, means that a Securityholder is 
paid a minimum amount if a Knock Out Event or Stop Loss Event pre-
vails 
"Minimum Trading Size" 
1 Security 
"MREL requirement" 
Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities 
"Multiplier" 
a Product Terms which, if applicable, means that the Securityholder 
does not participate in the relevant performance of the Underlying or 
Basket Component by a 1:1 ratio but by a specific proportion (to be 
finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"n" 
the number of calendar days from the current Adjustment Date (ex-
cluding) to the immediately succeeding Adjustment Date (including) 
(to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Net Asset Value" or "NAV" 
(i) a Fund's net asset value as calculated and published by the Fund's 
administrator in accordance with the relevant Fund's prospectus 
and constitutional documents by adding the value of all the assets 
of the Fund and deducting the total liabilities (including, in partic-
ular but not limited to, any fees (including an advisory fee and an 
incentive fee) payable to the Fund's advisor, the administrator, the 
bank and the custodian of the Fund, all borrowings, brokerage fees, 
provisions for taxes (if any), allowances for contingent liabilities 
and any other costs and expenses reasonably and properly incurred 
to the bank or the custodian of the Fund in effecting the acquisition 
or disposal of securities or in administering the Fund) of the Fund; 
or 
(ii)  the net asset value of a Fund Unit as published by or on behalf of 
the Fund (or its manager) 
"Notional Investor" 
a hypothetical investor (in the same position as the Issuer) investing in 
the Fund Units of a Fund 
"Observation Date" 
in respect of Securities with a record day related observation, the date 
of a Knock Out Event or Reset Event (to be finally defined or set in the 
applicable Final Terms) 
"Observation Period" 
period during which the performance of an Underlying is observed (to 
be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Open End" 
a Product Terms which, if applicable, means that the Securities have 
no pre-determined maturity date, and thus no defined term 
"Option Contracts" 
option and futures contracts on a share, a certificate representing a 
share, a commodity, a precious metal or an exchange traded Fund Unit 
used as Underlying (to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final 
Terms) 
"Option Right" 
a Securityholder's option to exercise the Security and receive a Re-
demption Amount   
"Paying Agent" 
UBS Switzerland AG, Bahnhofstrasse 45, 8001 Zurich, Switzerland

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
"Potential Adjustment Event" 
event(s) which entitles the Issuer to adjust any variable, calculation 
methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms 
(to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms)  
"Price of the Basket Component" 
price of a Basket Component (to be finally defined or set in the appli-
cable Final Terms) 
"Price of the Underlying" 
price of an Underlying (to be finally defined or set in the applicable 
Final Terms) 
"Principal Paying Agent" 
UBS Switzerland AG, Bahnhofstrasse 45, 8001 Zurich, Switzerland  
"Product Terms" 
the product terms of the Securities 
"Programme" 
this Turbo's and other leveraged securities programme  
"Prospectus" 
the Base Prospectus together with the Final Terms 
"Prospectus Regulation" 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when secu-
rities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC 
"Qualified Investor" 
a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation 
"Quanto" 
a Product Term which, if applicable, means that a Securityholder's 
right vested in the Securities as well as the value of the Underlying or 
the Basket Components are determined on the basis of a currency other 
than the Redemption Currency 
"Rate" 
a component in the calculation of the Financing Level, the Strike, the 
Knock Out Barrier and the Fee Adjustment Ratio (to be finally defined 
or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"RFR" 
alternative risk free rates 
"REA" 
Risk Exposure Amount 
"Record Date" 
the first trading day on the Relevant Futures and Options Exchange on 
which the adjusted Option Contracts on the Underlying are traded or 
would be traded if those Option Contracts were traded on the Relevant 
Futures and Options Exchange 
"Redemption Amount" 
the amount that the Securityholder is entitled to receive following a 
valid exercise of the Securities, determined by the reference to the per-
formance of the Underlying or Basket Component  
"Redemption Currency" 
the currency of the Redemption Amount (to be finally defined or set in 
the applicable Final Terms) 
"Redemption Date" 
the date on which the Securities expire and the Securityholders receive 
the Redemption Amount (to be finally defined or set in the applicable 
Final Terms) 
"Reference Level" 
a component in the calculation of the Settlement Price, if determined 
to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms (to be finally defined or 
set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Reference Price" 
a price used to determine the Redemption Amount that depending on 
the Securities must either exceed or fall short of the Current Strike or 
Current Financing Level for Securityholders to receive a positive 
amount (to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Relevant Conversion Rate" 
the rate at which the Calculation Agent converts amounts payable into 
the Redemption Currency (to be finally defined or set in the applicable 
Final Terms) 
"Relevant Country" 
each of (i) any country (or any political or regulatory authority thereof) 
in which the currency used as the Underlying or the Basket Component 
is the legal tender or currency; and (ii) any country (or any political or 
regulatory authority thereof) with which the currency used as the Un-
derlying or the Basket Component has a material connection

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
"Relevant Exchange" 
the stock exchange on which an Underlying or Basket Component is 
traded (to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Relevant Exchange Market" 
the foreign exchange market(s) on which an Underlying or Basket 
Component is traded (to be finally defined or set in the applicable Fi-
nal Terms) 
"Relevant Futures and Options Ex-
change" 
futures and options exchange(s) on which futures and option contracts 
on the Underlying or Basket Components are traded (to be finally de-
fined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Relevant Reference Agent" 
a reference agent determining a reference rate used as Underlying or 
Basket Component 
"Relevant Reference Market" 
the market(s) on which a future, interest rate or reference rate used as 
Underlying or Basket Component is traded (to be finally defined or set 
in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Relevant Reference Rate" 
reference rate (to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final 
Terms) 
"Relevant Screen Page" 
the webpage at which a price of a Basket Component is shown (to be 
finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Relevant Member State" 
Denmark, the Netherlands, France, Belgium and Spain 
"Relevant Trading System" 
trading system(s) in which an Underlying or Basket Component is 
traded (to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"[Relevant] Price of the Underly-
ing" or "RPU" 
a component in the determination of a Conversion Ratio and the Cur-
rent Strike (to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Rollover Adjustment" or "ROA" 
the adjustment that applies in case of a Rollover 
"Rollover Reference Price Old" or 
" RPold" 
the price of the substituted futures contract on the Rollover Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion  
"Rollover Reference Price New" 
or "RPnew" 
is the price of the substituting futures contract on the Rollover Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion 
"Rollover Costs" or "ROC" 
are the costs that incur from the futures Rollover, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
 
"Replacement Event" 
the event that: 
(i) a share, a certificate representing shares, a non-equity security, a 
commodity, a precious metal or a futures contract used as Under-
lying or Basket Component ceases to exist and/or is replaced by 
another underlying successor (by any parties other than the Issuer); 
 
(ii) an index, interest rate or reference rate used as Underlying or Bas-
ket Component has been permanently discontinued and/or re-
placed by a successor index (by any parties other than the Issuer); 
 
(iii) the authorisation of the Issuer or of the Calculation Agent to use 
an interest rate or a reference rate used as Underlying or Basket 
Component is terminated or otherwise ceases to exist;  
 
(iv) a currency used in relation to an currency exchange rate used as 
Underlying or Basket Component is, in its function as legal tender, 
in the country or jurisdiction, or countries or jurisdictions, main-
taining the authority, institution or other body which issues such 
currency, replaced by another currency, or merged with another 
currency to become a common currency; 
 
(v) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent is, due to the coming into effect 
(following any transitional provisions) of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation on or after the Issue Date of the Securities, either no 
longer able to use a Benchmark for the purposes of the Securities 
or has control over the provision of the Benchmark (administrator) 
within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation without 
having the appropriate authorisation, registration, recognition, en-
dorsement, equivalence, approval or inclusion in any official reg-
ister which, in each case, is required under any applicable law or 
regulation for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to perform its or 
their respective obligations under these Conditions; or  
 
(vi) in respect of a Fund used as Underlying or Basket Component, (a) 
the investment strategy or investment objective of the Fund differs 
substantially from the strategy at the Issue Date or the date on 
which the Underlying was adjusted or from the strategy outlined 
in the prospectus or other documents prepared in connection with 
the marketing of the Fund (or from the rules in relation to the In-
vestment Fund; or (b) the Fund introduces or increases charges or 
fees payable out of the assets of the Fund or charges a subscription 
fee or redemption fee; (c) the operation or organisation of the Fund 
(in particular structure, procedures or policies) or the application 
of such procedures or policies has changed from that at the Issue 
Date or the date on which the Underlying was adjusted; (d) the 
Fund or its investment manager is or becomes subject to liquida-
tion, dissolution, discontinuance or execution, or the investment 
manager indicates that the strategy will not be met or proposes, 
recommends or initiates the liquidation, dissolution or discontinu-
ance of the Fund; (e) the Fund or its investment manager or any of 
their employees are placed under review or investigation by any 
regulatory or other authority or are subject to any charges or

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
prosecution; (f) the Issuer is the beneficial owner of 5 per cent. or 
more of the Fund Units of the Fund or a relevant class of the Fund; 
(g) the Fund or its investment manager becomes party to any liti-
gation or dispute; or (h) resignation, termination, loss of registra-
tion or any other change in respect of the investment manager of 
the Fund or any change in the personnel of the investment manager 
or in the service providers to the Fund 
(to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Replacement Fund" 
one or more suitable alternative funds with reasonably similar invest-
ment mandates as determined by the Calculation Agent as a result of a 
Potential Adjustment Event, which replaces the initial Fund used as 
Underlying or Basket Component 
"Resale Restriction Termination 
Date" 
40 days after the later of the commencement of an offering and the 
closing date of the offering  
"Reset Barrier" 
the Initial Current Reset Barrier and, thereafter, any then current reset 
barrier 
"Reset Event" 
(i) in respect of Factor (Long) Certificates, a mechanism which en-
sures that intraday movements in the value of the Underlying 
above the Current Strike but at or below the Current Reset Barrier 
result in downward adjustments of the Current Strike and the Con-
version Ratio that are aimed at limiting the Securityholders' risk of 
loss (but do not prevent partial or total loss of the capital invested) 
 
(ii) in respect of Factor (Short) Certificates, a mechanism which en-
sures that intraday movements in the value of the Underlying be-
low the Current Strike but at or above the Current Reset Barrier 
result in upward adjustments of the Current Strike and in down-
ward adjustments of the Conversion Ratio that are aimed at limit-
ing the Securityholders' risk of loss (but do not prevent partial or 
total loss of the capital invested) 
"Reset Event Price" 
a price to be taken into account by the Calculation Agent when adjust-
ing the Conversion Ratio following a Reset Event (to be finally defined 
or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Rollover" 
the replacement of a futures contract used as Underlying or Basket 
Component by another futures contract 
"Rollover Date" 
the last trading date or the first trading date after the last trading date 
of a futures contract or as otherwise determined in the applicable Final 
Terms (to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Saxo Institutional" 
the part of the Group's client base that services institutional clients 
including brokers and banks that have the same type of end-clients 
(investors and traders) as the Group but on a business-to-business-to-
consumer or business-to-business-to-business basis 
"Scheduled Determination Date" 
the Fixing Date or any day in respect of which the Issuer or the Calcu-
lation Agent is required to determine the Price of an Underlying or a 
Basket Component (to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final 
Terms) 
"Section 871(m) Regulations" 
the U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) and appli-
cable guidance 
"Securities" or "Security" 
Turbo's and other leveraged securities 
"Securities Act" 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
"Security Agents" 
the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
"Security Fee" 
a component in the calculation of the Current Fee Adjustment Ratio. 
The security fee is set on any Adjustment Date by the Calculation Date 
(to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Securityholder" 
any holder who is a holder of a Security according to the records of the 
Issuer 
"Securityholder 
Termination 
Amount" 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable dis-
cretion and payable to the Securityholders against transfer of the rele-
vant Securities to the Principal Paying Agent if the Securityholder's 
Extraordinary Termination Right applies  
"Series" 
each series of Securities issued 
"Settlement Amount" 
the amount that a Securityholder is entitled to receive if a Stop Loss 
Event or a Knock Out Event prevails 
"Settlement Cycle" 
the number of Banking Days or business days following a trade in the 
Underlying or Basket Component in the Relevant Trading System or 
on the Relevant Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of the Relevant Trading System or the Relevant 
Exchange or as otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms (to 
be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Settlement Price" 
a price used to determine the Redemption Amount that depending on 
the Securities must either exceed or fall short of the Current Strike or 
Current Financing Level for Securityholders to receive a positive 
amount (to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Special Distributions" 
in respect of a share used as Underlying or Basket Component, the 
event that the issuer of the share grants exceptionally high dividends, 
bonuses or other cash or non-cash distributions 
"Specified Security" 
a Security subject to the Section 871(m) withholding regime  
"SIFI" 
systemically important financial institution 
"SOFR" 
secured overninght financing rate 
"SREP" 
EBA published guidelines addressed to national supervisors on com-
mon procedures and methodologies for the supervisory review and 
evaluation process 
"Start of the public offer of the Se-
curities" 
the date on which the public offer of the Securities commences (to be 
finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Stop Loss Event" 
the event that the Option Right attached to a Turbo Long or Turbo 
Short lapses and each Turbo Long or Turbo Short expires immediately 
worthless 
"Stop Loss Expiration Date" 
the date on which an Option Right attached to a Turbo Long or Turbo 
Short lapses and each Turbo Long or Turbo Short expires immediately 
worthless (to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Stop Loss Level" 
the price level at which an Option Right lapses and each Security ex-
pires immediately worthless, which in respect of Turbo's Long means 
if the price of the Underlying reaches or falls short of a specific level, 
and in respect of Turbo's Short means if the price of the Underlying 
reaches or exceeds a specific level (to be finally defined or set in the 
applicable Final Terms) 
"Stop Loss Level Currency" 
the currency of the Stop Loss Level (to be finally defined or set in the 
applicable Final Terms) 
"Stop Loss Premium" 
a component in the calculation of the Reset Barrier and adjustment of 
the Stop Loss Level (to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final 
Terms) 
"Stop Loss Redemption Amount" 
an amount that the Securityholder is entitled to receive if a Stop Loss 
Event prevails if specified in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
"Strategy" 
the investment strategy or investment objective of an investment fund 
"Strike" 
a component in the calculation of the Redemption Amount (to be fi-
nally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Strike(Old)" 
the Strike on any Adjustment Date prior to the adjustment 
"Strike Currency" 
currency of the Strike (to be finally defined or set in the applicable 
Final Terms) 
"Substitute Determination Agent" 
the Calculation Agent 
"Substitute Exchange" 
the substitute exchange stipulated by the Issuer in case the quotation 
of or trading in a certificate representing shares, a precious metal or a 
Fund Unit is permanently discontinued while concurrently a quotation 
or trading is started up or maintained on another exchange 
"Substitute Exchange Market" 
the substitute international FX market stipulated by the Issuer in case 
the quotation of or trading in the currency used in connection with the 
currency exchange rate is permanently discontinued while concur-
rently a quotation or trading is started up or maintained on another in-
ternational FX market 
"Substitute Issuer" 
another company within the Group substituted as issuer 
"Substitute Reference" 
a substitute rate or index 
"Substitute Reference Agent" 
new relevant reference agent stipulated by the Issuer  
"Substitute Reference Market" 
the substitute market stipulated by the Issuer in case the calculation or 
publication of a reference rate, a futures contract or an interest rate is 
permanently discontinued while concurrently a calculation and publi-
cation is started up or maintained on another reference market  
"Substitute Stock Exchange" 
the substitute exchange stipulated by the Issuer in case the quotation 
of or trading in a share is permanently discontinued while concurrently 
a quotation or trading is started up or maintained on another exchange 
"Substitute Trading System" 
the substitute trading system stipulated by the Issuer in case the quota-
tion of or trading in a non-equity security or commodity is permanently 
discontinued while concurrently a quotation or trading is started up or 
maintained on another trading system 
"Successor Basket Component" 
the Issuer's replacement of Basket Component, in whole or in part 
"Successor Index Calculator" 
the Issuer's replacement of the Index Calculator 
"Successor Index Sponsor" 
the Issuer's replacement of the Index Sponsor 
"Successor Rate" 
the Issuer's replacement of the Rate 
"Successor Underlying" 
the Issuer's replacement of the Underlying 
"TARGET2" 
the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer System  
"Taxes" 
taxes, levies or governmental charges, regardless of their nature, which 
are imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by Denmark or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein  
"Term of the Securities" 
the term of the Securities (to be finally defined or set in the applicable 
Final Terms) 
"Termination Amount" 
amount payable to the Securityholder in case the Securityholder de-
clares a Security to be forthwith due and payable, provided the Secu-
rityholder’s Extraordinary Termination Right applies (to be finally de-
fined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Termination Date" 
the date on which the Issuer terminates and redeems all Securities 
"Termination Event" 
any of the following events: 
(i) The determination and/or publication of the Price of the Underly-
ing or a Basket Component is discontinued permanently, or the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent obtains knowledge about the in-
tention to do so.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
 
(ii) Adjustments pursuant to § 6 (a) – (n) of the Conditions are not 
possible or not justifiable with regard to the Issuer and/or the Se-
curityholders. 
 
(iii) In the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, 
another material change in the market conditions occurred in rela-
tion to the Relevant Exchange, the Relevant Trading System, the 
Relevant Exchange Market, the Relevant Reference Market or, as 
the case may be, in relation to the Relevant Reference Agent, as 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Product Terms. 
 
(iv) The occurrence of any Additional Termination Event as specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Security Product. 
 
(v) The occurrence of a Change in Law and/or a Hedging Disruption 
and/or an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
 
In this context: 
 
"Change in Law" means that due to 
(i) the coming into effect of changes in laws or regulations (including 
but not limited to tax laws); or 
 
(ii) a change in relevant case law or administrative practice (including 
but not limited to the administrative practice of the tax authorities), 
at the reasonable discretion of the Issuer 
 
(iii) the holding, acquisition or sale of the Underlying or, if in the ap-
plicable Product Terms in the definition of "Underlying" a "Bas-
ket" is specified to be applicable, of a Basket Component, is or 
becomes wholly or partially illegal; or 
 
(iv) the costs associated with the obligations under the Securities have 
increased substantially (including but not limited to an increase in 
tax obligations, the reduction of tax benefits or negative conse-
quences with regard to tax treatment), 
 
(v) if such changes become effective on or after the Issue Date of the 
Securities. 
 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Counterparty is not able 
to 
(i) close, continue or carry out transactions or acquire, exchange, hold 
or sell assets (respectively) which at the reasonable discretion of 
the Hedging Counterparty are needed by the Hedging Counter-
party in order to provide protection against price risk or other risks 
with regard to obligations under the Securities, or 
 
(ii) realise, reclaim or pass on proceeds from such transactions or as-
sets (respectively) under conditions which are economically sub-
stantially equal to those on the Issue Date of the Securities.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Counterparty has 
to pay a substantially higher amount of taxes, duties, expenditures and 
fees (with the exception of broker fees) compared to the Issue Date in 
order to 
(i) close, continue or carry out transactions or acquire, exchange, hold 
or sell assets (respectively) which at the reasonable discretion of 
the Hedging Counterparty are needed in order to provide protec-
tion against price risk or other risks with regard to obligations un-
der the Securities, or 
 
(ii) realise, reclaim or pass on proceeds from such transactions or as-
sets, respectively, with increased costs due to a deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Hedging Counterparty not to be considered 
Increased Cost of Hedging 
"Terms and Conditions" 
the Product Terms and General Conditions together 
"Traders" 
the part of the Group's client base that, together with the Investors, 
comprises the Group's non-institutional business. Traders are direct 
B2C clients of the Group who actively trade with higher risk, shorter 
holding periods and primarily trade margin products 
"UBS Securities" 
transactions concluded by UBS AG that correspond to the Issuer’s ob-
ligations arising from the Securities  
"[Underlying][Basket 
Compo-
nent] Calculation Date" 
(i) each day, on which the Relevant Trading System, the Relevant Ex-
change, the Relevant Exchange Market and/or the Relevant Refer-
ence Market are open for trading and the Price of the Underlying 
or Basket Component is determined in accordance with the rele-
vant rules; 
(ii) in case of an index as the Underlying or Basket Component, each 
day, on which the Index Sponsor or the Index Calculator deter-
mines, calculates and publishes the official price of the Index, and 
the Components, which are comprised in the Index are a certain 
percentage of the market capitalisation of all Components, which 
are comprised in the Index, or of the overall value of the Index,  
available for trading and quotation in the Relevant Trading System 
and/or on the Relevant Exchange; 
(iii) in case of a fund unit as the Underlying or Basket Component, each 
day on which the administrator of the Fund publishes the Net Asset 
Value for such Fund in accordance with the relevant Fund's pro-
spectus and constitutional documents; 
(iv) in case of a reference rate as the Underlying or Basket Component, 
each day on which the Relevant Reference Agent determines the 
Price of the Underlying or Basket Component in accordance with 
the relevant rules; or 
(v) as otherwise determined in the Final Terms 
(to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Underlying Currency" 
the currency of the Underlying (to be finally defined or set in the ap-
plicable Final Terms) 
"Underlying[s]" 
share (including a certificate representing shares), an index, a currency 
exchange rate, a precious metal, a commodity, an interest rate, a non-
equity security, a fund unit, a futures contract and/or a reference rate 
(to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"URL" 
uniform resource locator 
"U.K." 
United Kingdom of Great Britian and Northern Ireland

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
"UK Prospectus Regulation" 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended 
"Valuation Averaging Date" 
potential cut-off date for the Net Asset Value, the Observation Period 
or the Reset Event (to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final 
Terms) 
"Valuation Date" 
potential cut-off date for  
(i) the Observation Period; and  
 
(ii) the determination of (a) price of an Underlying; (b) a rate; (c) the 
Reset Event, the Stop Loss Event or the Knock Out Event in case 
of record day related observation; (d) Settlement Price; (e) Term 
of the Securities; or (f) adjustments in accordance with § 6 of the 
Conditions 
(to be finally defined or set in the applicable Final Terms) 
"Valuation Time" 
The time a day on the Valuation Date (to be finally defined or set in 
the applicable Final Terms)