--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability in Sweden) 
SBB Treasury Oyj 
(incorporated with limited liability in Finland) 
€8,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability in Sweden) 
 
Under this €8,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ) ("SBB", and in its capacity 
as guarantor of Notes issued by SBB Treasury Oyj, the "Guarantor") and SBB Treasury Oyj ("SBBT" and, together with SBB, the "Issuers" and each an 
"Issuer") may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealers (as defined 
below). 
References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Issuer shall, in relation to any issue or proposed issue of Notes, be references to whichever of SBB or SBBT is 
specified as the Issuer of such Notes in the applicable final terms document (the "Final Terms"). 
The payments of all amounts due in respect of the Notes issued by SBBT will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. If the relevant 
Issuer of a Series of Notes is SBB, references herein to Guarantor and Guarantee, and related expressions, are not applicable and shall be disregarded in respect 
of such Series. 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively "Bearer Notes" and "Registered Notes"). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes 
from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €8,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed 
under the Programme from time to time by the relevant Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on 
an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more 
than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers, the Guarantor or 
of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the "Euronext Dublin Regulated Market") of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or 
superseded, "MiFID II") and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") in circumstances that require 
the publication of a prospectus. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to its official list (the "Official List") and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin.  
The Euronext Dublin Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being "listed" (and 
all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading 
on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is 
applicable to each Tranche (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms which will be delivered to 
the Central Bank of Ireland and, where listed, to Euronext Dublin. 
Copies of the Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by SBBT) and the relevant Dealer. The relevant Issuer may also issue unlisted 
Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market.

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or any U.S. State securities laws and 
may not be offered, distributed or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of 
the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) – 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product 
classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA"). 
The relevant Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any 
such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.  
SBB has been rated BBB- by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and BBB- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"). Each of S&P and Fitch is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). As such, each of S&P and Fitch is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. S&P and Fitch are not established in the United Kingdom ("UK"). Accordingly, SBB's issuer ratings 
issued by S&P and Fitch have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Fitch Ratings Ltd respectively, each in accordance with Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation") and have not 
been withdrawn. As such, the Issuer ratings of SBB issued by S&P and Fitch may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to SBB by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes (as defined below) will be calculated by reference to one of CIBOR, EURIBOR, LIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute, the administrator of EURIBOR, Danish 
Financial Benchmark Facility Aps, the administrator of CIBOR, and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS, the administrator of NIBOR, are included in the European 
Securities and Markets Authority's ("ESMA") register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, the administrator of LIBOR, and Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility, the administrator of STIBOR are not included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, as far as the Issuers are aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited and the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility are not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Arranger 
 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
Dealers 
CITIGROUP 
DANSKE BANK 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
DNB BANK 
MORGAN STANLEY 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
SEB 
SWEDBANK 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 14 May 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor each accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best 
of the knowledge of each Issuer and the Guarantor, the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
The Dealers and the Arranger have not independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Arranger as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuers or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. No Dealer 
or Arranger accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuers or the Guarantor 
in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent 
with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or any Notes is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation, nor should it be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any 
Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its 
own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuers and/or the Guarantor. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any 
Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the 
Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuers and/or the 
Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. The Dealers and Arranger expressly do not undertake to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to 
advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their 
attention.

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms or any drawdown prospectus in respect 
of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms or any drawdown prospectus in respect 
of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services Markets Act 2000 (as amended, "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the 
product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 
289 of Singapore) (the "SFA"). 
The relevant Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes 
being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms 
will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms or drawdown 
prospectus in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE UNDER UK MIFIR – The Final Terms or drawdown prospectus in respect 
of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers and the Arranger (including for the avoidance of doubt 
their respective branches and affiliates) do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken 
by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers or the Arranger (including for the avoidance of doubt their 
respective branches and affiliates) which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution 
of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or 
other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA 
(including Belgium and Sweden), the UK and Japan; see "Subscription and Sale". 
NOTES ISSUED AS GREEN BONDS, SOCIAL BONDS OR SUSTAINABILITY BONDS  
None of the Dealers nor the Arranger accept any responsibility for any social, environmental and 
sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or 
makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations 
or requirements regarding such "green", "social", "sustainability" or similar labels. None of the Dealers nor 
the Arranger are responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. No representation or assurance 
is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party 
made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by any Dealer or the Arranger to buy, sell 
or hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading 
on a dedicated "green", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange 
or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers, the Arranger, the relevant Issuer 
or the Guarantor that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes.

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to SBB has been 
derived from (i) the audited consolidated financial statements of SBB for the financial years ended 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and (ii) the unaudited interim financial statements of SBB in respect 
of the three-month period ended 31 March 2021 (together, the "Financial Statements"). 
SBB's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year are 
to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Financial Statements have been prepared 
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board. 
Certain terms used in this Base Prospectus and financial measures presented in this Base Prospectus and in 
the documents incorporated by reference are not recognised financial measures under IFRS ("Alternative 
Performance Measures" or "APMs") and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to the financial 
measures defined in the accounting standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
For definitions and further explanations of Alternative Performance Measures, see "Alternative 
Performance Measures". 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. 
In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below: 
• 
"euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended; 
• 
"Nok" and "NOK" refer to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Norway; 
• 
"Sterling" and "£" refer to pounds sterling;  
• 
"Swedish krona" or "SEK" refer to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Sweden; and 
• 
"U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "USD" refer to the lawful currency for the time being of the United 
States. 
References to a "billion" are to a thousand million. 
References to "SBB" or the "Group" are to Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ), Registered. No. 
556981-7660 and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole except where it is clear from the context that the term 
means Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ), and except that references and matters relating to the 
shares and share capital of Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ) or matters of corporate 
governance shall refer to shares, share capital and corporate governance of Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i 
Norden AB (publ). 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms or drawdown prospectus may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or 
after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by 
the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
Any information sourced from third parties contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuers and the Guarantor are aware and are able to ascertain from information 
published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, 'forward looking statements'. 
These forward looking statements can be identified by the use of forward looking terminology, including 
the terms 'believes', 'estimates', 'anticipates', 'expects', 'intends', 'may', 'will', or 'should' or, in each case, 
their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, 
objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward looking statements include all matters that are 
not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this document and include, but are not 
limited to, the following: statements regarding the intentions, beliefs or current expectations of the relevant 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor concerning, amongst other things, the results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor and the industry in which 
the Group operates. 
By their nature, forward looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events 
and circumstances. Forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the actual 
results of the relevant Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the 
development of the industry in which the Group operates may differ materially from those described in, or 
suggested by, the forward looking statements contained in this document. In addition, even if the results of 
operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which the Group 
operates, are consistent with the forward looking statements contained in this document, those results or 
developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 
These and other factors are discussed in more detail under "Risk Factors", "Description of SBB and its 
Operations" and "Description of SBBT". Many of these factors are beyond the control of the Issuers and/or 
the Guarantor. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise, or should underlying 
assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described in this document as 
anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. Except to the extent required by laws and regulations, the 
Issuers and the Guarantor do not intend, and do not assume any obligation, to update any forward looking 
statements set out in this Base Prospectus. Neither the Dealers nor the Arranger take any responsibility for 
any forward looking statements.

--- Page 9 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 6 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 25 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 27 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................. 30 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 43 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 80 
DESCRIPTION OF SBBT ......................................................................................................................... 81 
DESCRIPTION OF SBB AND ITS OPERATIONS ................................................................................. 82 
OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE OF SBB ....................................................................................................... 95 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 101 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 104 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 109

--- Page 10 ---
- 1 - 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and 
any relevant Dealer(s) may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in 
the Terms and Conditions, in which event, and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus, a drawdown 
prospectus or a supplement to this Base Prospectus, will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the "Delegated Regulation"). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuers: 
Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ) 
SBB Treasury Oyj 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier: 
Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget 
i 
Norden 
AB 
(publ): 
549300HX9MRFY47AH564 
SBB Treasury Oyj: 5493003HHOCW6FIMH724 
Guarantor: 
Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ) (in the case of 
issues of Notes by SBB Treasury Oyj) 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect an Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
There are also certain factors that may affect the Guarantor's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the guarantee (the 
"Guarantee") contained in the deed of guarantee dated 24 July 
2020. In addition, there are certain factors which are material 
for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme and risks relating to the 
structure of a particular Series of Notes issued under the 
Programme. These are set out under "Risk Factors". 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Dealers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Danske Bank A/S 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
DNB Bank ASA 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus:

--- Page 11 ---
- 2 - 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 ("FSMA") unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €8,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuers and the Guarantor may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes 
may be denominated in any currency agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes in bearer form will not be exchangeable for Notes in 
registered form, and Notes in registered form will not be 
exchangeable for Notes in bearer form. 
See "Form of the Notes" below. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and 
on redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); or

--- Page 12 ---
- 3 - 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment 
Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction, as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Step Up Rating Change and/or Step 
Down Rating Change: 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether a Step Up 
Rating Change and/or Step Down Rating Change will apply to 
the Notes, in which case the rate of interest in respect of the 
Notes may be subject to adjustment as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. See Condition 5.4 (Adjustment of Rate 
of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the relevant 
Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, on a date 
or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or 
prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see 
"Certain Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one 
year" above, and save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes 
and Coupons by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor will be made without withholding 
or deduction for or on account of any present of future taxes 
imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 
(Taxation)), unless such withholding is required by law. In the 
event that any such withholding or deduction is made, the

--- Page 13 ---
- 4 - 
relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will, save 
in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 8 
(Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge). 
Financial Covenants: 
The terms of the Notes will contain certain financial covenants 
as further described in Condition 4.2 (Financial Covenants). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative 
Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will 
rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other 
unsecured 
obligations 
(other 
than 
subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the relevant Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
Guarantee: 
Notes issued by SBBT will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Guarantor. The obligations of the Guarantor 
under 
the 
Guarantee 
will 
be 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4.1 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) 
rank equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time to 
time outstanding. 
Rating: 
The Programme has not been rated by any rating agency. Series 
of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed 
in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed on the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued 
by SBBT) and the relevant Dealer in relation to the relevant 
Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on 
any market may also be issued. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Guarantee 
will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium and Sweden), 
the UK and Japan and such other restrictions as may be required

--- Page 14 ---
- 5 - 
in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche 
of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 15 ---
- 6 - 
RISK FACTORS 
Before making an investment decision, prospective investors should carefully review the specific risk 
factors described below, together with other information contained in this Base Prospectus. The Issuers 
and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect the relevant Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes or under the Guarantee (as applicable). The relevant Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor's business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected 
by each of these risks presented. Also other risks and uncertainties not described herein could affect the 
relevant Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes or under the 
Guarantee (as applicable). Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Issuers and the 
Guarantor, or that the Issuers and the Guarantor currently believe are immaterial, could impair the ability 
of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the Notes or under the Guarantee 
(as applicable). Certain other matters regarding the operations of the Issuers and the Guarantor that 
should be considered before making an investment in the Notes are set out, in the sections "Description of 
SBB and its Operations" and "Description of SBBT", amongst other places. 
Words and expressions defined in the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE GROUP AND THE ABILITY OF THE RELEVANT 
ISSUER TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
AND (IF APPLICABLE) THE ABILITY OF THE GUARANTOR TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE GUARANTEE  
Risks relating to the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Group 
Macroeconomic factors 
The real estate business is affected by macroeconomic factors such as the general economic trend, regional 
economic development, employment rate, production rate of new premises, changes of infrastructure, 
inflation and interest rates. The development of the economy is a material factor for supply and demand in 
the real estate market and accordingly affects vacancy and rental rates for the properties. 
Global financial markets continue to experience disruptions, including increased volatility and diminished 
liquidity and credit availability. Concerns about credit risk (including that of sovereigns) have increased, 
especially with the presence of significant sovereign debts and/or fiscal deficits in a number of European 
countries and the US. This has raised concerns regarding the financial condition of financial institutions 
and other corporates located in these countries, having direct or indirect exposure to these countries, and/or 
whose banks, customers, service providers, sources of funding and/or suppliers have direct or indirect 
exposure to these countries. The default, or a significant decline in the credit rating, of one or more 
sovereigns or financial institutions could cause severe stress in the financial system generally and could 
adversely affect the markets in which the Group operates and the businesses and economic condition and 
prospects of the Group's counterparties or customers, directly or indirectly, in ways which are difficult to 
predict. 
Expectations regarding the rate of inflation affect the interest rate and therefore affect the Group's net 
financial income. In addition, the interest cost for debt to financial institutions is one of the Group's main 
cost items. In the long term, changes in interest rates have a significant effect on the Group's results and 
cash flow. Inflation also affects the Group's costs. Any such changes in the interest rate and the inflation 
may also affect the Yield requirements and thus the market value of the Group's properties. If any of the 
above risks materialise, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, earnings and 
financial position. 
Additionally, the Group's community service portfolio is affected by demographic trends such as the 
growing prevalence of aging populations and increasing rural-to-urban migration in the Nordic region. The 
demographic trends impact the level of supply and demand for the Group's properties and fluctuations in 
demography could have a have a material adverse effect on the Group's results of operations and 
profitability.

--- Page 16 ---
- 7 - 
Risks relating to COVID-19 
The Group conducts its business within the real estate market and is consequently affected by general 
economic trends outside the Group’s control. The occurrence of extraordinary events, such as the outbreak 
of disease epidemics, have an adverse impact on the global economy as a whole and may lead to a global 
recession, or even depression. The outbreak of the coronavirus ("COVID-19"), which first emerged in 
China in December 2019, is considered a pandemic and has led to a major slowdown in the economic 
growth during 2020, partly due to the spread of the virus itself, but even more so due to the political 
decisions enacted across different nations in order to try to contain the virus, such as quarantines, shut 
downs and restrictions on mobility. Whilst the direct and indirect impact of the COVID-19 outbreak 
remains uncertain, a number of central banks and governments have implemented financial stimulus 
packages due to a very significant negative impact on GDP during 2020. Concerns remain as to whether 
these policy tools will counter anticipated macro-economic risks. A prolongation of the outbreak could 
significantly adversely affect economic growth, and impact business operations across the economy 
generally and, by extension, real estate markets, both as a result of weakened economic activity and in terms 
of the health and wellbeing of employees being affected. Such weakening of the economy and or operations 
could have a material adverse impact on the financial performance or operations of, or the cost of funding 
for, the Group. In addition, there is currently no reliable way to predict, with certainty, the timing or value 
of transactions affected. Thus, the outbreak of COVID-19 may lead to investments being postponed or that 
planned acquisitions and/or divestments could not be carried out as planned, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business. The longer the COVID-19 crisis goes on it may become more 
difficult to raise capital, obtain loans or other financings or service existing debt.  
Moreover, due to COVID-19, there is a risk that SBB's current or future tenants may choose not to enter 
into new leases or renew existing. There is also a risk that the global downturn could affect the liquidity 
position of SBB's existing tenants, which in turn may require such tenants to postpone rental payments or 
cause defaults under lease agreements. Accordingly, the COVID-19 crisis' impact on SBB's current and 
future tenants could lead to increased vacancies and a decrease in Rental Income for SBB, which would 
have a negative impact on SBB's operations, financial position and earnings. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group cannot meet its payment obligations under its financing 
arrangements. If the Group's liquidity sources prove not to be sufficient, it could have a material adverse 
impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. There is also a risk that the cost for 
obtaining cash to service the Group's payment obligations increases significantly. 
The Group is also exposed to risks arising from the potential illiquidity of its portfolio. The market for the 
types of properties the Group owns or may acquire in the future may be illiquid. Were the Group required 
to liquidate parts of its portfolio on short notice for any reason, including raising funds to support its 
operations or repay outstanding indebtedness, the Group may not be able to sell any portion of its portfolio 
on favourable terms or at all. In the case of an accelerated sale, there may be a significant shortfall between 
the fair value of the property and the price at which the Group could sell such property. In planned disposals 
in the ordinary course of business, an illiquid market may result in a sales price that is lower than anticipated 
or in a delay to the sale. Any such shortfall could have a material adverse effect on the business, earnings 
or financial position of the Group. In addition, the Group may be subject to restrictions on its ability to sell 
properties pursuant to covenants and pledges limiting asset disposals in the Group's financing agreements. 
Refinancing could turn out to be impossible or associated with heavily increased costs 
Refinancing risk is the risk that financial costs could be higher and/or the refinancing possibilities could be 
limited or non-existent when the debt owed by SBB or any other Group company falls due and needs to be 
refinanced. 
The Group's business is partly financed by externally provided capital. The majority of the capital required 
to finance the development of the Group's existing properties and future acquisitions by the Group is and 
will be provided by banks, credit institutions or other lenders. 
There is a risk that lenders will not extend credit to the Group when the loans mature, that there are no 
alternative credit facilities available or that credit will be provided at a significantly higher cost than as at

--- Page 17 ---
- 8 - 
present. Further, certain loan agreements and terms and conditions of debt instruments contain provisions 
which may limit the Issuers’ and the Group's ability to incur new debt. 
SBB is planning to renegotiate certain loan agreements with its creditors within the next 18-month period. 
Should SBB not receive equally or more beneficial terms for such loans than its present terms, this could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's earnings and financial position. During the financial crisis, 
the volatility and disruption in the financial and credit markets resulted in a reduction in liquidity and higher 
credit risk premiums for many credit institutions. While the turmoil in the financial markets has eased in 
recent years due to central banks' quantitative easing programmes, there is still uncertainty and volatility in 
the financial markets. If SBB or any other Group company cannot refinance its debt or is only able to do so 
at much higher costs, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's earnings and financial 
position. 
Interest-rate risk 
Aside from equity contributions, the Group's operations are largely financed by borrowings, including loans 
from credit institutions and listed bonds and, as a result, the cost of interest payments on such debts is one 
of the Group's main expenses. Changes in interest rates can affect the Group's profitability by affecting the 
spread between, among other things, the income on its assets and the expense of its interest-bearing 
liabilities, the value of any interest-earning assets, its ability to make acquisitions and its ability to realise 
gains from the sale of its assets. Market interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including the 
expected inflation rate, governmental, monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and 
political considerations, fiscal deficits, regulatory requirements and other factors beyond the Group's 
control. The short-term interest rates are mainly determined by reference to the respective national bank's 
repo rate, which is a monetary policy rate. In times of increasing inflation expectations, the interest rate can 
be expected to increase and in times of decreasing inflation expectations, the interest rate can be expected 
to decrease. 
The Group's interest costs are mainly affected by the current market interest rate, the margin imposed by 
credit institutions and the method for determining the rate of interest on the debts entered into by the Group. 
With respect to fixed rate debt, a longer average fixed interest term on the Group's debts means that the 
Group is tied to a fixed interest rate that may or may not be in line with the prevailing market interest rate. 
With respect to floating rate debt, the Group's floating rate loan expenses may increase with a rise in market 
interest rates. An increase in interest rates may increase the Group's interest expense and this could have a 
material adverse impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect the Group's profit and property value 
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange translation risk due to its investments in Finland, Norway and 
Denmark. The Group's most significant exchange rate risk relates currently to NOK Rental Income, 
maintenance costs and property valuation. The Group's reporting currency is SEK, and all balance sheet 
items for foreign properties as well as all income and expenses generated by them are converted to SEK. 
Materialisation of the translation risk could have an adverse effect on the Group's operations, earnings and 
financial position. 
Geographical risks 
The supply and demand for properties and the return on property investments varies between different 
geographical markets and may develop differently within such geographical markets. The Group has a 
diversified property portfolio with properties in different geographical markets within Sweden such as 
Oskarshamn, Ludvika, Norrköping, Linköping, Borlänge and Skaraborg. In addition, the Group has 
expanded its operations in Norway, Finland and Denmark. Certain markets may be more sensitive to 
fluctuations in demand. If the demand for premises to lease declines in any or all of the geographical 
markets where the Group's properties are located, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
operations, earnings and financial position. 
Technical risks 
Real estate investments involve technical risks. A technical risk can be described as the risk related to the 
technical operations of the properties, such as the risk of defects relating to the construction of the 
properties, other latent shortcomings or deficiencies, damages (for instance due to fire or other forces of

--- Page 18 ---
- 9 - 
nature) and environmental hazards. If any technical problems should occur with respect to the Group's 
properties, this may result in significantly increased costs for such properties which, in turn, could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's earnings and financial position. 
Operational risk 
Operational risk is the risk of incurring losses due to inadequate systems or policies relating to, among other 
things, internal control, administration, competence development and access to reliable valuation and risk 
models. If the Group's systems or policies are not adequate to address operational risks that might arise, 
there is a risk that the Group may incur losses which could have a material negative impact on the Group's 
operations, earnings and financial position. 
Dependency on members of management and other key personnel 
The knowledge, experience and commitment of the Group's employees are important for the Group's future 
development. If the Group is unable to retain members of management and other key personnel or recruit 
new members of management or other key personnel to replace people who leave the Group, this could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Risks relating to SBB being dependent on cash flow from its subsidiaries 
SBB is the ultimate parent company in the Group and does not conduct any business operations, but merely 
functions as a holding company for the operating business of the Group, with its business comprising of 
group management and group-wide functions. SBB's ability to make required payments of interest on its 
debts (including the Notes issued or guaranteed by it) and funding is affected by the ability of its subsidiaries 
to transfer available cash resources to it. The transfer of funds to SBB from its subsidiaries may be restricted 
or prohibited by legal and contractual requirements applicable to the respective subsidiaries. Limitations or 
restrictions on the transfer of funds between companies within the Group may become more restrictive in 
the event that the Group experiences difficulties with respect to liquidity and its financial position which 
may negatively affect the Group's operations, earnings and financial position and in turn the performance 
of SBB under the Notes issued or guaranteed by it. Furthermore, in the event of insolvency, liquidation or 
a similar event relating to one of the subsidiaries, all creditors of such subsidiary would be entitled to 
payment in full out of the assets of such subsidiary before SBB, as a shareholder, would be entitled to any 
payments. Thus, the Notes are structurally subordinated to the liabilities of the subsidiaries of SBB. 
SBBT is a special purpose vehicle and investors should therefore consider the financial condition and 
liquidity of SBB and the Group in addition to that of SBBT 
The principal activities of SBBT are the issue of bonds and it may also take up financing. Accordingly, 
SBBT's ability to pay interest and repay principal in respect of its borrowings, including the Notes issued 
by it, depends upon the financial condition and liquidity of SBB and the Group. Notes issued by SBBT will 
be guaranteed unconditionally and irrevocably by SBB. The Group further intends to provide SBBT with 
liquidity by way of intra-group arrangements or other transfers of value in order for SBBT to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes issued by it. However, if the Group does not provide liquidity, or due to other 
circumstances, conditions, laws or regulations is prevented from providing liquidity to SBBT, there is a 
risk that SBBT will not fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Therefore, investors in Notes issued by SBBT 
should consider the risk factors, financial condition and liquidity of SBBT and the Group in addition to that 
of SBBT. 
The Group is dependent on its current long-term credit rating to pursue its financing strategy 
SBB has sought and obtained a long-term issuer credit rating. If SBB's long-term credit ratings were to be 
downgraded, future issuances of bonds and notes may become significantly more expensive or may not be 
possible in the targeted amounts. A credit rating agency could downgrade SBB's long-term issuer credit 
rating if, for example, the value of SBB's unencumbered assets was not to reach certain levels, or SBB's 
effective leverage (adjusted total debt divided by total assets) or fixed charge cover ratios were to exceed 
certain levels, both on a sustainable basis, or SBB was unable to maintain an adequate liquidity profile at 
all times. If any of the risks described above were to materialise, it would be more difficult for SBB to 
pursue its current financing strategy, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, 
earnings and financial position.

--- Page 19 ---
- 10 - 
Acquisitions and sales of properties 
The Group's property portfolios may vary over time and the acquisition and sale of additional properties 
and property-owning companies is a part of the Group's ordinary business and involves a degree of risk and 
uncertainty. This may lead to attractive properties or property-owning companies being disposed of and 
less attractive properties or property-owning companies being acquired. If attractive properties or property 
owning companies were to be disposed of or less attractive properties or property-owning companies were 
to be acquired, the market value of the Group's property portfolios could decrease, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's earnings and financial position. 
Selling properties involves uncertainties regarding, inter alia, achieving a reasonable sales price for the 
properties. Further, the Group may be subject to claims resulting from the sale or the condition of the sold 
properties. If the Group is unable to sell its properties on favourable terms or if claims are directed at the 
Group, this may lead to delays in projects as well as increased and unexpected costs for the properties and 
transactions. 
The disposal of existing properties could also have a significant negative effect on the Group's cash flow if 
such properties are sold at a low price. If the properties are sold at a lower price than expected, this could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's earnings and financial position. 
The willingness and ability to pay for properties that the Group wishes to sell are affected by several factors. 
The willingness to pay for properties is dependent on how well the Group's properties are performing taking 
into account market demand, general price trends on the real estate market, as well as the supply, and cost 
of, other properties. The ability to pay for properties depends on the general wage trends, employment rates 
and other factors affecting the economy, such as the ability to make interest deductions and access to 
financing. These factors may affect potential buyers' willingness and ability to pay for the properties that 
the Group wishes to sell. 
Additionally, in the Group's acquisition agreements, fixed-term warranties regarding the property and the 
acquired company are regularly provided by the seller. These warranties may not cover all risks or may fail 
to cover such risks sufficiently. Additionally, there is a risk that a warranty made by a seller may be 
unenforceable due to the seller's insolvency or otherwise, as well as the risk that when subsidiaries of the 
Group sell properties and companies, the buyer may bring warranty claims against the Group in relation to 
any damage that may have arisen. Moreover the Group's business includes the ongoing disposal of 
properties for recycling of capital and there are risks associated with this owing to the nature of the Group's 
portfolio and potential difficulties finding prospective buyers. 
Any of the foregoing factors could lead to properties being sold at a price considerably lower than 
anticipated, which could have a material adverse impact on the Group's financial position and results of 
operations. 
Risks relating to acquisitions and company integration 
The Group is continuously exploring opportunities to acquire companies, and therefore the Group is 
exposed to the risk of unexpectedly increased transaction costs or cancelled acquisitions, which could have 
a negative effect on the Group's earnings and financial position. Due to the high frequency of acquisition(s), 
the Group is exposed to integration risks related to increased merging costs, organisational costs, risks 
related to the inability to retain key personnel and unexpected costs related to management of new tenants, 
unexpected environmental clean-up costs or costs related to unexpected real estate property condition and 
technical deficiencies in the acquired properties, such as design defects and other hidden deficiencies. There 
are also additional risks in relation to potential tax and legal liabilities associated with such acquisitions. 
Such increased costs could have a material adverse effect on the Group's earnings and financial position. 
Risks relating to developing and renovating projects 
Developing new property as well as renovating existing properties or acquiring properties which are not 
fully vacant involves risks such as miscalculations of customer demand leading to unsold or unleased 
premises, lower profitability for the project and undesired tied-up capital on the balance sheet. Following 
the development of new property or the renovation of existing properties, where the Group is unable to 
lease such properties, or where the Rental Value (as defined in the section "Description of SBB and its 
Operations - Description of Alternative Performance Measures") of such properties turns out to be less

--- Page 20 ---
- 11 - 
profitable than expected, or where premises remain unsold and the Group has undesired tied-up capital on 
the balance sheet, any of these factors or a combination of them, could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's earnings and financial position. 
Risks relating to local plans and permits for new construction and re-construction 
The Group is involved in a number of development projects relating to its properties at any given time. 
Property development projects (including new construction, re-construction of buildings or changes of use) 
are subject to receipt of permits and decisions from authorities. Such permits and decisions may not always 
be granted which can cause delays, increased costs and even jeopardise the completion of such projects. 
Further, modified municipal planning may lead to local plans not being approved causing delays and 
increased costs resulting from the necessary restructuring of the project. If necessary permits or approvals 
are not obtained, this can cause delays, increase costs or even jeopardise the project's realisation, and these 
factors in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Group's earnings and financial position. 
Risks relating to insurances 
The Group has insured its operations against usual losses and/or potential liability in relation to third party 
claims. Certain types of losses and/or damages are generally not covered by insurance policies due to such 
losses being considered as impossible to insure, for example losses resulting from the act of war, terrorism, 
professional liability or personal liability (the latter two where damages are caused by negligence, wilful 
misconduct or criminal acts). Further, most of the Group's insurances (i.e. the insured amounts) are limited 
by specified maximum amounts per claim and specified insurance periods. In the event that a loss is not 
covered by the Group's insurance policies or where an incurred loss exceeds the maximum amount covered 
by the relevant insurance policy, the Group's operations, earnings and financial position could be materially 
adversely affected. 
Changes in value of properties 
The Group's properties are reported at market value in the Group's consolidated balance sheet and with 
changes in value being shown in the income statement. Different factors may cause the Group to write 
down the fair value of its properties, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's earnings 
and financial position. 
Such factors could both be property specific, such as rent levels, occupancy ratio and operative expenses, 
and market specific, such as macroeconomic effects, general economic trends, growth, unemployment 
levels, the rate of production of new premises, population growth, inflation and interest rates. If the market 
value of the properties decreases and the relevant Group company writes down the value of them, it could 
result in a number of consequences, such as a breach of the covenants of the financing agreements that the 
relevant Group company has entered into from time to time, which in turn could result in such financings 
being accelerated prior to maturity and consequently affecting the liquidity of the Group. A material 
decrease of the market value of the properties could also have a negative impact on the Group's ability to 
dispose of its properties without incurring losses, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's earnings and financial position. 
The Group is subject to counterparty risk with respect to its outsourcing arrangements with external 
service providers 
The Group's existing operational model includes the use of external service providers for certain finance 
and accounting functions, human resources services and certain marketing, property management and 
property development activities. These external service providers are used for, among other things, property 
management services such as billing and collection of rent, and property maintenance, the provision of 
certain information technology ("IT") services and marketing services. While these outsourcing 
relationships are closely monitored, there is a risk that the Group's external service providers may fail to 
perform their duties adequately and therefore the Group may experience delayed or reduced Rental Income, 
interruptions or malfunctions in its IT systems, or other negative outcomes that may negatively impact the 
Group's operating performance or reputation. Additionally, the Group enters into contractual agreements 
with these external service providers and is exposed to the risk that these contracts may need to be revised 
in the future. If any of the Group's external service providers are unable or unwilling to fulfil their 
obligations towards the Group, this could have a material adverse impact on the Group's business.

--- Page 21 ---
- 12 - 
System malfunctions in the Group's operations may decrease the efficiency and/or profitability of the 
Group's operations 
The Group's operations are dependent on information systems and on its ability to operate such information 
systems efficiently and to introduce new technologies, systems and safety and back-up systems. Such 
information systems include telecommunication systems as well as software applications that the Group 
uses to control business operations, manage its property portfolio and risks, prepare operating and financial 
reports and to execute treasury operations. The operation of the Group's information systems may be 
interrupted due to, among other things, power cuts, computer or telecommunication malfunctions, computer 
viruses, defaults by IT suppliers, crime targeted at information systems, such as security breaches and 
cyber-attacks from unauthorised persons outside and inside the Group, or major disasters, such as fires or 
natural disasters, as well as human error by the Group's own staff. Material interruptions or serious 
malfunctions in the operation of the information systems may impair and weaken the Group's operations, 
earnings and financial position. The Group may also face difficulties when developing new systems and 
maintaining or updating current systems in order to maintain its competitiveness. In particular, malfunctions 
in its IT systems could delay the Group in issuing rental invoices to, or securing tenancy agreements with, 
its customers. Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
operations, earnings and financial position. 
Environmental risks 
The Group's operations in property management carry environmental risks. Property management and 
property development have an impact on the environment. The Swedish Environmental Code (Sw. 
Miljöbalken (1998:808)) (the "Swedish Environmental Code") states that any person or entity that has 
conducted a business operation on its property which has contributed to contamination also has a 
responsibility for remediation of the property. If the responsible person cannot carry out or pay for the 
remediation of a contaminated property, the person who has acquired the property is liable for remediation 
provided that the buyer at the time of the acquisition knew of or should have discovered the contamination. 
This means that claims, under certain conditions, may be raised against the Group for soil remediation or 
for remediation concerning the presence or the suspicion of contamination in soil, water areas or ground 
water, in order to place the property in a satisfactory condition pursuant to the Swedish Environmental 
Code. If any significant claims in this respect are made against the Group's properties, this could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. There is a risk that future 
environmental risks may materially affect the Group's operations, earnings or financial position adversely. 
The Group operates part of its business in Norway, Finland and Denmark, where domestic environmental 
law applies. Similar environmental risks may apply to the activities of the Group in Norway, Finland and 
Denmark. 
Furthermore, any future changes to the laws, regulations and requirements from authorities in the 
environmental sector could result in increased costs for the Group with respect to sanitation or remediation 
regarding currently held or future acquired properties. Such changes could also result in increased costs or 
delays for the Group in carrying out any of its development projects. Any of these factors could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Counterparty risk 
The Group's current and potential customers may find themselves in situations, for example due to financial 
circumstances, where they cannot pay the agreed rent as it falls due or otherwise fail to fulfil their 
obligations under their rental agreements with respect to the Group's properties. Further, new developments 
and renovation projects may be delayed due to suppliers not being able to deliver on time or contractors 
being unable to finish projects as planned. If the Group's counterparties are unable or unwilling to fulfil 
their obligations towards the Issuers, the Guarantor or any other Group company, it could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's earnings and financial position. 
In addition to the credit risks associated with its tenants/purchasers, the Group is exposed to credit risks 
relating to its financial operations. Such credit risks arise in connection with, among other things, 
investments of excess liquidity, entering into interest swap agreements and when entering into long-term 
and short-term credit agreements. If the counterparties in these operations cannot fulfil their obligations 
towards the Group, it could have a material adverse impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial 
position.

--- Page 22 ---
- 13 - 
Competition 
The Group operates in a competitive industry. The Group's competitiveness is, amongst other things, 
dependent on its ability to predict future changes in the industry and to quickly adapt to current and future 
market needs. It may become necessary for the Group to make significant investments, restructuring 
operations or price reductions in order to adapt to new competition and the Group's competitors may have 
greater resources and capabilities to better withstand downturns in the market, compete more effectively, 
retain skilled personnel and react faster to changes in local markets. The Group may have to make 
significant investments, restructurings or price reductions due to increased competition, and this could, in 
turn, have a material adverse effect on the Group's earnings and financial position. 
Historical earnings not indicating future performance 
The financial information provided for and discussed in this Base Prospectus and the financial statements 
of the Group included in this Base Prospectus relate to the past performance of the Group. The future 
development of the Group could deviate significantly from past results due to a large number of internal 
and external factors. The historical earnings, historical dividends and other historical financial data of the 
Group are, therefore, not necessarily predictive of earnings or other key financial figures for the Group 
going forward. 
There can be no assurance that the Group will be successful in implementing its strategy or achieving 
its financial targets or investment objectives 
No assurance can be given that the implementation of the Group's strategy and/or the achievement of its 
financial targets or investment objectives will be successful under current or future market conditions. The 
Group's approach may be modified and altered from time to time. It is therefore possible that the approach 
adopted to implement its strategy and achieve its financial targets and investment objectives in the future 
may be different from that presently expected to be used and disclosed in this Base Prospectus. Moreover, 
the availability of potential investments that meet the Group's acquisition criteria will depend on the state 
of the economy and financial markets in the countries in which the Group operates or is interested in 
entering into. The Group can offer no assurance that it will be able to identify and make investments that 
are consistent with its acquisition criteria or investment strategy. 
Joint ventures may introduce additional risks to SBB 
SBB does not have a controlling interest in certain of the businesses (i.e. joint ventures) in which it has 
invested and may invest in other businesses where it will not have a controlling interest in the future. Due 
to the absence of full control of joint ventures and associates, important decisions such as the approval of 
business plans and the timing and amount of cash distributions and capital expenditures may require the 
consent of partners or may be approved without SBB's consent. In addition, the lack of controlling interest 
may give rise to the non-realisation of operating synergies and lower cash flows than anticipated at the time 
of investment, thereby increasing the likelihood of impairment of goodwill or other assets. These limitations 
could impair SBB's ability to manage joint ventures effectively and/or realise the strategic goals for these 
businesses. In addition, improper management or ineffective policies, procedures or controls for non-
controlled entities could adversely affect the operations, earnings and financial position of the relevant joint 
venture investment and of the Group. 
Reputational risk 
The Group is dependent on its reputation. The Group's reputation is particularly important in relation to 
new and current tenants. As an example, operative problems or maintenance problems could damage the 
Group's reputation, which could lead to difficulties attracting new, or keeping current, tenants. SBB may 
also be negatively exposed in public media, with a limited ability to anticipate or respond to such 
publications. Damage to the Group's reputation could lead to loss of income or loss of growth potential, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Legal risks 
The Group's business is regulated by and must be conducted in accordance with several laws and 
regulations, (inter alia, the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)), the Swedish Land 
Code (Sw. Jordabalken (1970:994)), the Swedish Environmental Code (Sw. Miljöbalken (1998:808)) and 
the Swedish Planning and Building Act (Sw. plan- och bygglagen (2010:900))), detailed development

--- Page 23 ---
- 14 - 
plans, building standards and security regulations, amongst others. There is a risk that the Group's 
interpretation of applicable laws and regulations may be incorrect or that such laws or regulations or their 
interpretation may change in the future. SBB and other Group companies may also be required to apply for 
various permits and registrations with municipalities and authorities in order to pursue property 
development. There is a risk that SBB or any other Group company will not be granted necessary permits 
or other decisions for its business activities or that such permits or decisions are appealed, which may result 
in increased costs and delays in planned development of properties or otherwise have a negative impact on 
the conduct and development of its business. 
The Group operates part of its business in Norway, Finland and Denmark, where domestic law applies on 
certain agreements and facilities. Similar legal risks may apply to the interpretation of foreign law, 
requirements for permits and registration in Norway, Finland and Denmark and the general development 
of Norwegian, Finnish and Danish law. 
New laws or regulations, or changes concerning the application of existing laws or regulations that are 
applicable to the Group's business activities or the tenants' business activities could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Tax risks 
The Group's business is conducted in accordance with the Group's interpretation of applicable tax laws, 
treaties and regulations. However, in the event that the Group's interpretation of tax laws, treaties and 
regulations or their applicability is incorrect, a governmental authority successfully makes negative tax 
adjustments with regard to an entity of the Group or if the applicable laws, treaties, regulations or 
governmental interpretations thereof or administrative practice in relation thereto change, including with 
retroactive effect, the Group's past or current tax positions may be challenged. In the event tax authorities 
were to succeed with such claims, this could result in an increased tax cost, including tax surcharges and 
interest, which could have a negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. 
The Group's operations are affected by the tax rules in force from time to time. Since the laws, treaties and 
other regulations on taxation, as well as other fiscal charges, have historically been subject to frequent 
changes, further changes are expected in the future in the jurisdictions where the Group operates, possibly 
with a retroactive effect. Any such changes could have a material adverse effect on the Group's tax burden, 
as well as a negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. 
The Swedish general interest deduction limitation rules entered into force on 1 January 2019. The rules 
introduced a general limitation of interest deductions in the corporate sector, broadly imposing restrictions 
on the ability to obtain a deduction for interest for net interest expense amounts that exceed a cap of 30 per 
cent. of tax EBITDA, subject to certain exceptions. Under Swedish tax laws and regulations, interest 
deductibility is calculated for each legal entity separately and, accordingly, these rules will apply to all 
Swedish entities within the Group. In connection with the introduction of the new interest limitation rules, 
the corporate income tax rate was as a first step reduced from 22 per cent. to 21.4 per cent. (as per 1 January 
2019) and was as a second step reduced from 21.4 per cent. to 20.6 per cent. (as per 1 January 2021). If the 
Swedish Group entities' net interest expenses represent a substantial portion in relation to their tax EBITDA, 
or if any other additional restriction on the deductibility of interest expenses is introduced in Sweden, the 
Group's tax burden could, despite the lowering of the corporate income tax rate, increase and this could 
have a negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Also, on 30 March 2017, a committee appointed by the Swedish government presented a law proposal 
(SOU 2017:27) that, if enacted, is likely to affect the future taxation of real estate investments. The proposal 
includes, inter alia, that the deferred tax liability related to the difference between tax residual value and 
market value on properties will be triggered upon a change of control of a real estate owning company and 
that such a change of control should also trigger a taxable notional income in the real estate owning 
company (to compensate for the fact that indirect sales of properties are not subject to stamp duty). The 
Swedish government has communicated that the law proposal is subject to further review and it is currently 
unclear if, and to what extent, the proposal will result in new legislation. If the law proposal is implemented 
in its current form, this could lead to tax being imposed upon all of the Group's future disposals of property 
owning companies. Depending on the difference between fair market value and tax residual value of the 
Swedish properties held by the Group, this could have a negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings 
and financial position.

--- Page 24 ---
- 15 - 
The changes to the Finnish general interest deduction limitation rules entered into force on 1 January 2019. 
Under the new rules, the general limitation of interest deductions in the corporate sector was extended to 
also cover real estate investments. Interest restriction is applicable to companies of which net interest 
expense exceeds EUR 500,000 or 25% of earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation on an annual 
basis. Alternatively, interest expense restriction is triggered only on net interest expense exceeding EUR 
3,000,000, if interest is paid to a third party only. The interest restrictions are calculated and applied on a 
company level with the exception that restrictions are not applied in the event that the asset to equity ratio 
is the same as, or better than, in the consolidated group accounts including the ultimate shareholder. This 
could have a negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.  
Finland will not charge tax on interest paid to a foreign creditor. This is pursuant to direct wording of the 
Income Tax Act (Fi. tuloverolaki (1535/1992)). However, as the Notes will be deposited with Euroclear 
and Clearstream, SBBT will not be able to identify Noteholders as having non-Finnish tax resident status. 
In such a case, SBBT is not able to demonstrate that the interest is paid to a non-Finnish tax resident, which 
is a prerequisite for tax exemption, and thus Finnish tax authorities could require SBBT to pay 30 per cent. 
withholding tax in Finland. Such interpretation has not been to date implemented by the Finnish tax 
authorities in connection to EMTN programmes but such interpretation cannot be fully excluded. As SBBT 
has a gross-up obligation in accordance with the terms of the Notes this could have a negative impact on 
the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Accounting risks 
The Group is affected by current applicable accounting legislation and accounting principles. This means 
that the Group's accounting, financial reporting and internal control, in the future, may be affected and in 
need of adaption to new accounting principles and or changed application of such legislation. This could 
lead to uncertainty regarding the Group's accounting, financial reporting and internal control and could also 
affect the Group's reported earnings, balance sheet and equity, which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Disputes and litigation 
The Group faces the risk of litigation and other proceedings in relation to its business. The outcome of any 
litigation may expose the Group to unexpected costs and losses, reputational and other non-financial 
consequences and divert management attention. In addition, the outcome of litigation and other proceedings 
may attract negative publicity, and the Group's reputation may be impacted in a way which could have a 
material adverse effect on its results of operations, earnings and financial position. 
EU General Data Protection Regulation 
The EU adopted a new general data protection regulation 2016/679/EU ("GDPR"), which entered into 
force on 24 May 2016 and applies from 25 May 2018. The main objectives of the GDPR are to harmonise 
EU laws on personal data and facilitate the flows of data across EU as well as to ensure that personal data 
enjoys a high standard of protection everywhere in the EU. The GDPR includes new requirements for the 
handling of personal data. Failure to comply with the GDPR could subject the Group to substantial 
monetary fines which could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and 
financial position. 
Covenants in credit agreements 
If a Group company is in breach of any of its covenants (e.g. financial covenants) in its loan agreements or 
terms and conditions of debt instruments, it could lead to loans or debt instruments being accelerated, 
leading to immediate repayment or the creditor taking possession of security. Further, certain loan 
agreements and terms and conditions of debt instruments contain cross-default provisions which could 
trigger the acceleration of other payment obligations within the Group. A breach of any covenant could 
therefore have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Change of control and ownership 
Some of the Group's credit agreements and terms and conditions of debt instruments contain change of 
control provisions that may be triggered by a change of control and/or ownership of SBB or another Group 
company, whereby the creditor may have the right to accelerate the loan or debt instrument. Should change 
of control provisions in the Group's credit agreements and/or terms and conditions of debt instruments be

--- Page 25 ---
- 16 - 
triggered, which gives the creditor a right to accelerate the loan or debt instrument, it could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Dividend restrictions 
Some of the Group's credit arrangements and terms and conditions of debt instruments contain provisions 
that restrict the possibility to pay dividends. For example, Group companies may not pay dividends if a 
certain debt/equity ratio requirement is not met after such payment. There is a risk that such provisions 
restrict the ability to move funds within the Group and thus may impede the execution of scheduled 
renovation of properties. If the Group's properties may not be renovated as scheduled, this could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Rental income and rental development 
In the long term, Rental Income for commercial properties is affected by, inter alia, the supply and demand 
in the market. The Group's Rental Income (as defined in the section "Description of SBB and its Operations 
– Description of Alternative Performance Measures") will be affected by vacancies of its properties, 
contracted rental levels and whether the tenants pay their rents on time. 
Decreased occupancy rates and rental rates will negatively affect the Group's earnings. This risk increases 
where a company has a high concentration of single large tenants. There is a risk that the Group's larger 
tenants do not renew or extend their lease agreements upon expiry, which in the long term could lead to a 
decrease in Rental Income and an increase in vacancies. 
The Group is also dependent on the tenants paying their rents on time. The Group's earnings and cash flow 
could be impacted negatively if tenants fail to make their payments, or otherwise do not fulfil their 
obligations. 
Operating and maintenance costs 
Tenants leasing social infrastructure premises typically have a relatively extensive liability for operations 
and maintenance. Operating costs are mainly costs that are tariff-based, such as costs for electricity, 
cleaning, water and heating. Several of these goods and services can be bought from only one provider, 
which may also increase the price. When a cost increase is not compensated through the lease, for example 
by an increase in rent by renegotiation of the lease agreement, it could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's earnings and financial position. 
Maintenance costs include costs that are necessary in order to maintain the standard of the properties in the 
long term. The occurrence of unforeseen and extensive renovation needs on the Group's properties could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's earnings and financial position (which have not been budgeted 
for). 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features: 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of 
the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption

--- Page 26 ---
- 17 - 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion 
of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change 
of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect 
the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such 
"benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the Copenhagen Interbank 
Offered Rate ("CIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), the London Interbank Offered 
Rate ("LIBOR"), the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate ("NIBOR") and the Stockholm Interbank Offered 
Rate ("STIBOR")) (each a "Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks") have become the subject of 
regulatory scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may 
cause such "benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and the amount payable under any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark".  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") among other things, 
applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the 
use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the UK 
Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material adverse impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 27 ---
- 18 - 
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for 
market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA has indicated through a series 
of announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed 
after 2021. On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA"), the administrator of 
LIBOR, published a statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together 
with the dates on which this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue 
publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (the "IBA announcement"). Concurrently, 
the FCA published a statement on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR 
currencies and tenors, following the dates on which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the "FCA 
announcement"). Permanent cessation will occur immediately after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and 
Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and 
immediately after 30 June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining LIBOR 
settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA 
will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to require IBA to continue their 
publication under a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 (end-June 2023 in the case of 
US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings will no longer 
be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately after 31 
December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 
June 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR 
settings will also cease permanently at the end of 2022. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 25 November 2020, the euro risk-free rate 
working group published consultations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. The final 
recommendations are expected to be published during the second quarter of 2021. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in 
the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the 
benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or 
national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate 
In respect of Floating Rate Notes which reference a Benchmark, the Conditions provide that, if a 
Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) (which, amongst other events, includes the Original 
Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published) occurs, the relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The IBA announcement and FCA announcement referred 
to above may each constitute such a Benchmark Event. This will have triggered certain fallback 
arrangements contained in the Conditions, although the consequences of such fallbacks being triggered are 
not immediately effective under the Conditions. The Independent Adviser shall determine a Successor Rate 
or an Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period may result in the relevant 
Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the terms and conditions 
of the Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Independent Adviser and 
applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. However, it may not be possible to 
determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and, even if an Adjustment Spread is applied, such Adjustment 
Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders and Couponholders. 
If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used 
to determine the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period. The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate

--- Page 28 ---
- 19 - 
(including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) may still result in the Notes performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest for such Interest Period) than they would if the 
Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, as applicable, is determined 
by the Independent Adviser, the terms and conditions of the Notes provide that the Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith may determine that amendments to the terms and conditions of the Notes are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, as 
applicable, and that the relevant Issuer shall vary the terms and conditions of the Notes accordingly without 
any requirement for consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders. 
Notwithstanding the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the relevant Issuer may be unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser in accordance with the Conditions, or the Independent Adviser may not be able to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Conditions before the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of an Interest Period. In such circumstances, the Conditions provide that the 
ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may 
result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
If the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the Notes, this could result in the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate securities. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse 
effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on the Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or 
any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement 
provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
RISK RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The claims of holders of the Notes are structurally subordinated to those of certain other creditors of 
SBB and to creditors of SBB's subsidiaries 
Generally, lenders and trade and other creditors of the SBB's subsidiaries are entitled to payment of their 
claims from the assets of such subsidiaries before these assets would be available for distribution to SBB, 
as direct or indirect shareholder, which would then allow for SBB to make payments under the Notes and 
the Guarantee (if applicable). Any debt that SBB's subsidiaries may incur in the future will also rank 
structurally senior to Notes issued by SBB and the Guarantee (if applicable). Moreover, SBBT is a special 
purpose financing vehicle that was formed for the purpose of raising debt for the Group. For more 
information see "Risks relating to SBB being dependent on cash flow from its subsidiaries". 
A significant part of the Group's assets and revenues are generated by SBB's subsidiaries. The subsidiaries 
are legally separated from SBB and the subsidiaries' ability to make payments to SBB is restricted by, 
among other things, the availability of funds, corporate restrictions and local law. Furthermore, in the event 
of insolvency, liquidation or a similar event relating to one of the subsidiaries, all creditors of such 
subsidiary would be entitled to payment in full out of the assets of such subsidiary before any entity within 
the Group, as a shareholder, would be entitled to any payments. Thus the Notes issued by SBB and the 
Guarantee (if applicable) are structurally subordinated to the liabilities of the subsidiaries of SBB. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, Social Bond or 
Sustainability Bond, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the 
investment criteria of an investor 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the relevant Issuer's 
intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that

--- Page 29 ---
- 20 - 
promote climate-friendly and/or environmental purposes, or projects and activities that promote social or 
sustainability purposes (either in those words or otherwise) ("Eligible Assets"). Prospective investors 
should have regard to the information in the relevant Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must 
determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes 
together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by 
the relevant Issuer that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own articles of association or other governing rules or 
investment mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or 
social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Eligible Assets). Furthermore, 
it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, 
nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "sustainable", "social" or equivalently-labelled 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or such other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors 
that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Assets will meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding such "green", "Green", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled 
performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during 
the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Assets.  No assurance 
or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer or any other member of the 
Group) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any 
Eligible Assets to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part 
of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the relevant Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such 
opinion or certification is only current as of the date that such opinion or certification was initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose 
of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject 
to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable", "social", or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the relevant Issuer or any other person 
that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or 
by its own articles of association or other governing rules or investment mandates, in particular with regard 
to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject 
of or related to, any Eligible Assets. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings 
or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the relevant Issuer or any other person that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible 
Assets in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus and/or the relevant Final Terms, 
there can be no assurance that the relevant intended project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Assets will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally disbursed for the 
specified Eligible Assets. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Assets will be completed within 
any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the relevant Issuer. Any such event or failure by the relevant Issuer 
will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Assets as aforesaid 
and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the 
relevant Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification 
is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock

--- Page 30 ---
- 21 - 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes 
and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Eligible Assets and/or result 
in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for 
a particular purpose. 
The market price of the Notes may be volatile 
The market price of the Notes could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or anticipated 
variations in the Group’s operating results and those of its competitors, adverse business developments, 
changes to the regulatory environment in which the Group operates, changes in financial estimates by 
securities analysts and the actual or expected sale of a large number of the Notes, as well as other factors. 
In addition, in recent years the global financial markets have experienced significant price and volume 
fluctuations, which, if repeated in the future, could adversely affect the market price of the Notes without 
regard to the Group’s results of operations, prospects or financial condition. Factors including increased 
competition or the Group’s operating results, the regulatory environment, general market conditions, 
natural disasters, terrorist attacks and war may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes. 
Laws and practices applicable to the Notes may change 
The Conditions are based on and governed by English law in force on the date of this Base Prospectus. Any 
new statutes, ordinances and regulations, amendments to the legislation or changes in application of the 
law (including any amendments to or changes in application of tax laws or regulations) after the date of this 
Base Prospectus may affect the Notes and/or have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the relevant Issuer's and/or 
Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and the Guarantee as well as the market price 
and value of the Notes. 
Modification and Waivers 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Holders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Holders including Holders who 
did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the relevant Issuer may, without the consent of Holders, amend the Notes, 
the Coupons, the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Covenant, if the modification is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature, to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law.  
Investors will have to rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
The Notes will be represented by Global Notes except in certain limited circumstances described in the 
Global Notes. Each Global Note will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in certain limited circumstances described in the Global Notes, investors 
will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by Global 
Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes or the Guarantee (as applicable) by making payments to the common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
to receive payments under the Notes or the Guarantee (as applicable). The relevant Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in 
respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes. 
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral

--- Page 31 ---
- 22 - 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder of the Notes (each a "Holder") 
who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of 
such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a Holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect 
of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, Holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
A judgment entered against an Issuer or the Guarantor in an English court may not be recognised or 
enforceable in Finland or Sweden due to the UK leaving the EU 
The UK left the EU on 31 January 2020 ("Brexit") and the transitional period agreed in the withdrawal 
agreement during which EU law continued to apply in the UK, expired on 31 December 2020. 
There is uncertainty concerning the enforcement of English court judgments in Finland following Brexit. 
The Brussels I Regulation Recast (Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil 
and commercial matters), i.e. the main EU legal instrument governing jurisdiction and the enforcement of 
judgments within the EU, is no longer applicable to legal proceedings commenced in the UK after 31 
December 2020 or to judgments issued in such proceedings. As no new reciprocal agreement on jurisdiction 
and enforcement of judgments has been agreed between i) the UK and the EU, ii) the UK and Finland 
bilaterally, or iii) the UK and Sweden bilaterally, a judgment entered against an Issuer or the Guarantor in 
an English court would not be recognised or enforceable in Finland without a re-trial on its merits. 
Additionally, in connection with Brexit, the UK has applied to accede to the Convention on jurisdiction and 
the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the "Lugano Convention") 
in its own right as an independent party. Accession requires unanimous approval from all contracting 
parties, including the EU. Should the UK’s accession to the Lugano Convention be unanimously approved 
by the contracting parties, the applicable rules on jurisdiction and the enforcement of judgments in cross-
border disputes with a UK–EU dimension will be relatively similar to those that were followed prior to 
Brexit. In other words, and as a point of departure, a judgment entered against an Issuer or the Guarantor 
in an English court would be recognised and enforceable in Finland without a re-trial on its merits on the 
basis of the Lugano Convention. 
Additionally, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the UK is not bound by any agreement, treaty or other 
instrument on mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments applicable in relation to the Notes with 
the EU or Sweden. As a result, a final judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the Notes obtained 
in the courts of England against an Issuer or the Guarantor will, in principle, neither be recognised nor 
enforceable in Sweden. However, if a Noteholder brings a new action in a competent court in Sweden, the 
final judgement rendered in an English court may be submitted to the Swedish court, but will only be 
regarded as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which it relates, and the Swedish court has full 
discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio. Any retrial on a judgment’s merits could therefore significantly 
delay or prevent the enforcement by Noteholders of the relevant Issuer’s or the Guarantor's obligations 
under the Notes. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and the relevant Issuer cannot assure 
investors that an active trading market for the Notes will develop or be maintained. If a market does develop,

--- Page 32 ---
- 23 - 
it may not be liquid. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the relevant Issuer makes large allocations to a 
limited number of investors. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. A 
lack of liquidity may have a material adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls exist to the extent payments in respect of the Notes are made 
in a currency other than the currency in which an investor's activities are denominated 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor (if applicable) will make 
any payments under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
(the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation 
of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes or the Guarantor (if applicable) to make any payments under the Guarantee. As a result, 
investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.  
Changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Notes, since Fixed Rate Notes have a fixed rate of interest and prevailing 
interest rates in the future may be higher than that fixed rate of interest. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
SBB's credit ratings are an assessment by the relevant rating agencies of its ability to pay its debts when 
due. Consequently, real or anticipated changes in its credit ratings will generally affect the market value of 
the Notes. One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure and marketing of the Notes 
and additional factors discussed in this Base Prospectus or any other factors that may affect the value of the 
Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended 
or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third 
country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances). 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of 
the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA 
list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by 
a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified

--- Page 33 ---
- 24 - 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for 
a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in 
the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.   
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information 
with respect to the credit rating agencies and SBB's ratings is set out on page ii of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 34 ---
- 25 - 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin, shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited annual consolidated financial statements of SBB in respect of the year ended 31 
December 2019 (the "2019 Financial Statements") and the audit report from Ernst & Young AB 
in respect of the 2019 Financial Statements, as set out on pages 70 – 117 (inclusive) of SBB's 
annual report for 2019: 
https://corporate.sbbnorden.se/en/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2020/01/annual-report-2019.pdf 
(b) 
The following sections of the SBB annual report for 2020:  
https://corporate.sbbnorden.se/en/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2021/04/sbb-sbb-publishes-annual-
and-sustainability-report-for-2020-210407.pdf  
Section: 
Pages 
(inclusive): 
SBB Key Ratios 
56 
Audited annual consolidated financial statements of SBB in respect of the year 
ended 31 December 2020 (the "2020 Financial Statements") 
66 to 91 
Audit report from Ernst & Young AB in respect of the 2020 Financial 
Statements 
99 to 102 
Definitions 
103 to 104 
Calculation of alternative performance measures 
105 to 106 
 
(c) 
the unaudited interim financial statements of SBB in respect of the three-month period ended 31 
March 2021 (the "Unaudited Q1 2021 Financial Statements") as set out on pages 10 to 16 
(inclusive) and 33 to 36 (inclusive) of SBB's report for the first three months of 2021: 
https://corporate.sbbnorden.se/en/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2021/05/sbb-sbb-interim-report-
january-march-2021-profit-after-tax-per-ordinary-share-of-class-a-and-b-inc-210505.pdf  
(d) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 26 April 
2019, pages 36 – 71 (inclusive), prepared by SBB in connection with the Programme: 
https://corporate.sbbnorden.se/en/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2020/01/sbb-programme-
establishment-prospectus.pdf    
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 22 April 
2020, pages 37 – 73 (inclusive), prepared by SBB in connection with the Programme: 
https://corporate.sbbnorden.se/en/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2020/01/sbb-emtn-update-2020-
base-prospectus-dated-22-april-2020.pdf  
(f) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 24 July 
2020, pages 41 – 78 (inclusive), prepared by SBB and SBBT in connection with the Programme: 
https://corporate.sbbnorden.se/en/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2020/01/sbb-emtn-base-prospectus-
dated-24-july-2020.pdf  
save, that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus.  
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, 
during usual business hours at the specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent. Any documents

--- Page 35 ---
- 26 - 
themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein 
are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The 2019 Financial Statements, the 2020 Financial Statements and the Unaudited Q1 2021 Financial 
Statements are English translations of the Swedish financial statements prepared for and used in the 
Kingdom of Sweden. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any 
Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and the 
Guarantor and approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be 
deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 36 ---
- 27 - 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or 
registered form, without interest coupons attached. Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance 
on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a "Temporary Bearer Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global note (a "Permanent Bearer Global Note" and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note, each a "Bearer Global Note") which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as stated in 
the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to 
the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, in compliance with the 
"Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking 
system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), the applicable Final Terms will also indicate whether such Bearer 
Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication 
that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant 
Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be 
provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not 
U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice 
period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial 
ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers 
in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder 
of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be 
issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification.

--- Page 37 ---
- 28 - 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free 
of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons 
and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" 
means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement)) has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in 
fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer has or will become 
subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the 
Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form. The relevant Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, will 
promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event 
occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the 
first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and 
interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes 
or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
"Registered Global Note"). 
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are 
to be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the "NSS"), a common safekeeper, as the case may be for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common 
Depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common 
safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered 
Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to 
receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, 
the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be 
held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global 
Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS 
will either by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
6.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. 
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility

--- Page 38 ---
- 29 - 
or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial 
ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) immediately 
preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in 
fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer has 
or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented 
by the Registered Global Note in definitive form. The relevant Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, will 
promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event 
occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered 
Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the 
first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except 
in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to 
the extent applicable. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a 
single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the 
Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the 
common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the 
Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such 
Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events 
of Default and Enforcement). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note 
and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the 
provisions of the Global Note then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such 
Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be, 
will become entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, on the 
basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to 
the terms of a deed of covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 24 July 2020 and executed by the Issuers.  
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (as applicable) may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued 
in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event a new Base Prospectus 
will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
- 30 - 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II ; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, "MiFID 
II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[SINGAPORE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – Solely for the 
purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures 
Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are "prescribed capital markets products" 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and "Excluded

--- Page 40 ---
- 31 - 
Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
[Date] 
[Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ) / SBB Treasury Oyj]  
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [549300HX9MRFY47AH564 / 5493003HHOCW6FIMH724] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[guaranteed by Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ)] 
under the €8,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 14 May 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] 
[and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the "Base Prospectus"). [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order 
to obtain all the relevant information.] [The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish 
Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") at https://live.euronext.com.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus dated 14 May 2021. [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes relating 
to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the base prospectus dated 14 May 2021 [and the supplemental base prospectus dated 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
"Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order 
to obtain all the relevant information.]1 [The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish 
Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") at https://live.euronext.com.]1 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
 (a) 
Issuer: 
[Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ) / SBB 
Treasury Oyj] 
 
[(b) 
Guarantor: 
[Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ)] 
(Delete 
in 
the 
case 
of 
Notes 
issued 
by 
Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ)) 
2. 
 (a) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
 
1 Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in 
the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 41 ---
- 32 - 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 24 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] 
4. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
5. 
 Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
 (a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[     ] 
 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].")) 
 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(in 
relation to calculation of 
interest in global form see 
Condition 5 (Interest)): 
[     ] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
 (a) 
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
 Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
9. 
 Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[[     ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/ 
NIBOR]] +/- [     ] per cent. Floating Rate]

--- Page 42 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16]below) 
10. 
 Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount 
11. 
 Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 
below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Issuer Par Call] 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
 
[(see paragraph [18]/[19]/[20]/[21]/[22] below)] 
13. 
 (a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
[(b) 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior] 
 
(c) 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes [or the 
Guarantee] obtained: 
[     ] and [     ], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes or related Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) 
for Notes in definitive form 
(and in relation to Notes in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(d) 
Broken 
Amount(s) 
for 
Notes in definitive form 
(and in relation to Notes in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]][Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon)

--- Page 43 ---
- 34 - 
 
(g) 
Step Up Rating Change 
and/or Step Down Rating 
Change: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(h) 
Step Up Margin: 
[[     ] per cent. per annum] 
15. 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[     ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[     ] 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate 
of Interest and Interest 
Amount 
is 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(e) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
/ 
Calculation 
Agent (if not the Agent): 
[     ] 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[     ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/ 
NIBOR] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
 
(Second London business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or euro 
LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if Sterling 
LIBOR, the second day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR, second 
Copenhagen business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if CIBOR, second Stockholm business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
STIBOR and second Oslo business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if NIBOR)

--- Page 44 ---
- 35 - 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[     ] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[     ] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[     ] 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][     ] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(m) 
Step Up Rating Change 
and/or Step Down Rating 
Change: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(n) 
Step Up Margin: 
[[     ] per cent. per annum] 
16. 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]

--- Page 45 ---
- 36 - 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
 Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
18. 
 Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[     ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount][Spens 
Amount][Make-whole Amount] 
 
(A) 
Reference Bond 
[     ] 
 
(B) 
Redemption 
Margin 
[     ] 
 
(C) 
Quotation Time 
[     ] 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
19. 
 Issuer Par Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Par Call Period: 
From 
(and 
including 
[     ] 
(the 
"Par 
Call 
Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date 
 
(b) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and

--- Page 46 ---
- 37 - 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
20. 
 Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the  Principal Paying Agent.) 
21. 
 Change of Control Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Change of Control Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
 Clean-up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 (a) 
Notice Period: 
[     ] 
 (b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
 
Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
 Final Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
 Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
 Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes: [Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event]

--- Page 47 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005] 
 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]." .)] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
[a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg][a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
 
(c) 
New 
Safekeeping 
Structure: 
[Yes][No] 
26. 
 Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraphs 15(c) relates) 
27. 
 Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [Each of the] [The] Issuer 
[and the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
SIGNED on behalf of [Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ) / SBB Treasury Oyj] as Issuer: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
 
[SIGNED on behalf of Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ) as Guarantor]: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 48 ---
- 39 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market (the "Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market") of the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext 
Dublin") and listing on the official list of Euronext 
Dublin with effect from [     ].] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[     ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[have not 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated]: 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms]. 
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
[European Union/United Kingdom] [and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
[(as amended or superseded)/ as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the 
"[UK] CRA Regulation")]] (Amend / include 
further information as appropriate) 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer [and the Guarantor] [is/are] aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has 
an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] (including for the avoidance of doubt 
their branches) and their affiliates  have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer[, the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests]

--- Page 49 ---
- 40 - 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
reasons for the offer and estimated net 
amount of proceeds 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if use of proceeds different will need 
to include those here.)] 
[The Issuer intends the Notes will be [Green 
Bonds] [Social Bonds] [Sustainability Bonds] and 
the Issuer intends to apply a sum equal to the net 
proceeds from this offer of Notes specifically for 
Eligible Assets] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[     ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code]2, as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code]2, as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[     ] 
 
2 
The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 50 ---
- 41 - 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of the 
Registrar and Transfer Agent (if 
any): 
[     ] 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Notes 
which are to be held under the NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended or 
superseded in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper][include this text for Registered Notes]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged 
products" and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged"

--- Page 51 ---
- 42 - 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 52 ---
- 43 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference 
should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will 
specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Samhӓllsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB 
(publ) ("SBB", and in its capacity as guarantor of Notes issued by SBB Treasury Oyj, the "Guarantor") or 
SBB Treasury Oyj ("SBBT" and, together with SBB, the "Issuers" and each, an "Issuer") pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the "relevant Issuer" shall be references to whichever of SBB or SBBT is specified 
as the Issuer in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below). If the relevant Issuer of a Series of Notes is 
SBB, references herein to "Guarantor" and "Guarantee", and related expressions, are not applicable and 
shall be disregarded in respect of such Series. 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") (whether or not issued in exchange 
for a Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement (such Amended and Restated Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") dated 14 May 2021 and made between the Issuers, 
the Guarantor, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank 
(the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and 
the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents", 
which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), any entity that is appointed by 
the relevant Issuer as registrar pursuant to the Agency Agreement as registrar (the "Registrar", which 
expression shall include any successor registrar) and any entity that is appointed by the relevant Issuer as 
transfer agent pursuant to the Agency Agreement as a transfer agent (together with the Registrar, the 
"Transfer Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). The 
Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents are together referred to 
as the "Agents". 
The Notes issued by SBBT are the subject of a deed of guarantee dated 24 July 2020 (the "Deed of 
Guarantee") entered into by the Guarantor. The original Deed of Guarantee is held by the Principal Paying 
Agent on behalf of the Noteholders and the Couponholders at its specified office. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions"). 
References to the "applicable Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of Bearer Notes 
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and 
Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue.

--- Page 53 ---
- 44 - 
Any reference to "Noteholders" shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in 
the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered and shall, in relation to 
any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to 
"Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the holders of the Talons.  
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms 
and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of 
the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Deed of Covenant") 
dated 24 July 2020 and made by the Issuers.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for 
inspection or collection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents 
or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents 
or the relevant Issuer and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant 
Paying Agent or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to 
the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant 
and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, "euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, 
in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the "Specified Currency") and 
the denominations (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa.  
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to 
the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent will (except as otherwise 
required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder 
of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding 
any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all 
purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next 
succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the

--- Page 54 ---
- 45 - 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on 
such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global 
Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions 
"Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified 
in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if 
appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and 
transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in 
definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same series 
only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance 
with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the 
Agency Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in Condition 2.3 (Registration of transfer upon partial redemption) below, 
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in 
definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in 
the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) 
surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant 
part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer 
thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised 
in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant 
Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied 
with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer 
will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the relevant Issuer and the Registrar may from 
time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 8 to the Agency 
Agreement). Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business 
days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the 
specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as 
may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate 
and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or 
(at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, 
a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered 
Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part 
only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect 
of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at 
the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor.

--- Page 55 ---
- 46 - 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), the 
relevant Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a 
Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the relevant Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to 
cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES and the guarantee 
3.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and 
rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by 
law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of 
the relevant Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
3.2 
Status of the Guarantee 
The Guarantor has in the Deed of Guarantee guaranteed (the "Guarantee") the payment by SBBT 
of all sums in respect of the Notes and the performance by SBBT of all its obligations under the 
Notes. The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured 
obligations of the Guarantor and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) rank 
equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
Guarantor, from time to time outstanding. 
4. 
COVENANTS 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement) neither the 
relevant Issuer nor the Guarantor will, and the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor will procure that 
none of their respective Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, create or have outstanding any 
mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a "Security Interest"), other than a 
Permitted Security Interest, upon, or with respect to, any of the present or future business, 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as 
defined below), unless the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be), in the case of the 
creation of the Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes 
any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes and the Coupons or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantee are secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably with the Relevant 
Indebtedness; or 
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of 
a Security Interest) is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
4.2 
Financial Covenants 
(a) 
Limitations on the Incurrence of Financial Indebtedness: So long as any Note remains 
outstanding SBB will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, incur directly or indirectly 
any Financial Indebtedness or any guarantee and/or indemnity in respect of any Financial

--- Page 56 ---
- 47 - 
Indebtedness (excluding for the purposes of this Condition 4.2(a) any Permitted 
Refinancing Indebtedness) if, on the date of such incurrence and after giving pro forma 
effect thereto (including pro forma application of the proceeds), the Consolidated 
Solvency Ratio would exceed 65 per cent;  
(b) 
Maintenance of Consolidated Coverage Ratio: So long as any Note remains outstanding 
SBB undertakes that on each Testing Date the Consolidated Coverage Ratio is not less 
than 1.5:1; and 
(c) 
Limitations on the Incurrence of Secured Indebtedness: So long as any Note remains 
outstanding SBB will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to incur directly or indirectly, 
any Secured Indebtedness (excluding for the purposes of this Condition 4.2(c) any 
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness relating to the same previously secured assets) if, on 
the date of such incurrence and after giving pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma 
application of the proceeds) the total value of Secured Indebtedness of the Group (on a 
consolidated basis) would exceed 45 per cent. of Consolidated Total Assets. 
4.3 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Consolidated Coverage Ratio" means, in respect of any Testing Date, the ratio of (i) the 
aggregate amount of Consolidated Profit Before Financial Items for the period of the most recent 
four consecutive financial quarters ending on such Testing Date, to (ii) the aggregate amount of 
Net Interest Charges, for the period of the most recent four consecutive financial quarters ending 
on such Testing Date; 
"Consolidated Profit Before Financial Items" means, in respect of any Testing Date, the number 
set out under the heading "Profit before financial items" (or any equivalent line item) in the 
consolidated financial statements of the Group; 
"Consolidated Solvency Ratio" means (i) the aggregate of the total Financial Indebtedness (on a 
consolidated basis) of the Group (less cash and cash equivalents and listed shares) and any 
guarantee and/or indemnity in respect of any Financial Indebtedness (except for any guarantee 
and/or indemnity in respect of any Financial Indebtedness that SBB has directly or indirectly 
accounted for in its consolidated financial statements) divided by (ii) Consolidated Total Assets, 
in each case as set out in the most recent annual or interim, as the case may be, consolidated 
financial statements of the Group; 
"Consolidated Total Assets" means the value of the consolidated total assets of the Group as 
shown in the most recent annual or interim, as the case may be, consolidated financial statements 
of the Group; 
"Financial Indebtedness" means, with respect to any Person at any date of determination (without 
duplication) any indebtedness of such Person, including: 
(i) 
all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money in whatever form; 
(ii) 
any amounts raised by such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan stock or 
other similar instruments; 
(iii) 
any amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised 
equivalent; 
(iv) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a 
non-recourse basis); 
(v) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts (excluding the 
amount of any liability in respect of leasehold properties) which would, in accordance 
with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles applicable to the Group, 
be treated as finance or capital leases;

--- Page 57 ---
- 48 - 
(vi) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price of property, assets or services 
the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 90 days. 
For the avoidance of doubt deferred tax liabilities shall not be considered Financial Indebtedness; 
"Group" means SBB and its consolidated Subsidiaries; 
"Net Interest Charges" means the net amount calculated as the number set out under the heading 
"Interest income and similar items" (or equivalent line item) in the consolidated financial 
statements of SBB from which is deducted the numbers set out under the heading "Interest 
expenses and similar items" (or equivalent line items) in the consolidated financial statements of 
SBB; 
"Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness" means any Financial Indebtedness of SBB or any of its 
Subsidiaries raised or issued in exchange for, or the net proceeds of which are used to renew, 
refund, refinance, replace, exchange or discharge other Financial Indebtedness of SBB or any 
member of the Group (other than intra-group Financial Indebtedness); provided that: 
(a) 
the aggregate principal amount (or accretable value) of such Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the 
Financial Indebtedness renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged 
(plus all accrued interest on the Financial Indebtedness and the amount of all fees and 
expenses, including premiums, incurred in connection therewith); 
(b) 
such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness has a final maturity date, or may only be 
redeemed or repaid at the option of SBB or any of its Subsidiaries, either (i) no earlier than 
the final maturity date of the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, 
replaced, exchanged or discharged or (ii) after the final maturity date of the Notes; 
(c) 
if the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged 
or discharged is expressly, contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, 
such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; 
and 
(d) 
if SBB was the obligor on the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, 
replaced, exchanged or discharged, such Financial Indebtedness is incurred by SBB; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means a Security Interest in respect of the instruments with the 
following ISINs: NO963342624 and NO0010777683 (the "Secured Subsidiary Notes"), 
provided that (i) the principal amount of the Secured Subsidiary Notes outstanding as at 26 April 
2019 is not increased; and (ii) the Secured Subsidiary Notes are not secured by any additional 
property or assets on or after 26 April 2019; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, unincorporated association or body, 
partnership, trust, fund, joint venture or consortium, association, organisation, government, state 
or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means (i) any Financial Indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) which is in the form of or represented by any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being, or are 
capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or 
other securities market, and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any such indebtedness; 
"Secured Indebtedness" means any Financial Indebtedness or any guarantee and/or indemnity in 
respect of any Financial Indebtedness that is secured in whole or in part by a Security Interest 
granted over any assets of any member of the Group; 
"Subsidiary" means in relation to any person (the "first person") at any particular time, any other 
person (the "second person"): 
(i) 
which is a subsidiary (Sw. dotterföretag) to the first Person, directly or indirectly, as 
defined in the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen 2005:551); or

--- Page 58 ---
- 49 - 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first person, and includes any Person 
that is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary; and 
"Testing Date" means each day which is: (i) the last day of SBB's financial year in any year; or 
(ii) the last day of each of the first three quarters of SBB's financial year in any year. 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of 
any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
In these Conditions: 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance 
with this Condition 5.1: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual 
Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or

--- Page 59 ---
- 50 - 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 
360. 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
5.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the 
case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last

--- Page 60 ---
- 51 - 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre (other 
than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the "TARGET2 
System") is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 5.2(e) below) be the relevant ISDA 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if also acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 61 ---
- 52 - 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either 
LIBOR, EURIBOR, CIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) 
as at 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, Brussels time, in the case 
of EURIBOR, Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR or Stockholm time, in the 
case of STIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 
5.2(b)(ii)(A) above, no offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 
5.2(b)(ii)(B), fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the 
time specified in the preceding paragraph (the "Specified Time"), the relevant 
Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the relevant Issuer 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the relevant Issuer with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the relevant Issuer with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Principal Paying Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the relevant 
Issuer by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks 
were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the 
London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR), the Euro-zone inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Stockholm inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR), the Copenhagen inter-bank market (if

--- Page 62 ---
- 53 - 
the Reference Rate is CIBOR) or the Oslo inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer 
than two of the Reference Banks provide the relevant Issuer with offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the relevant Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the relevant Issuer 
it is quoting to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is LIBOR), the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR), the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR), 
the Copenhagen inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is CIBOR) or the Oslo 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
"Reference Banks" means (a) in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the 
principal London office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market, (b) 
in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of 
four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (c) in the case of a 
determination of CIBOR, the principal Copenhagen office of four major banks in 
the Copenhagen inter-bank market, (d) in the case of a determination of STIBOR, 
the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank 
market or (e) in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office 
of four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
relevant Issuer. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate 
of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note; or

--- Page 63 ---
- 54 - 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable 
in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
ൣ360×(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)൧+ൣ30×(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)൧+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 64 ---
- 55 - 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
ൣ360×(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)൧+ൣ30×(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)൧+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
ൣ360×(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)൧+ൣ30×(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)൧+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Principal Paying Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates

--- Page 65 ---
- 56 - 
based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer, then the relevant Issuer shall instruct the Principal Paying 
Agent to determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the relevant 
Issuer determines appropriate and notifies to it.  
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5.2, if the relevant Issuer, in 
consultation with the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as applicable), determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the Conditions provide for any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The relevant Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonably manner) a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (each as defined and as further described below) no 
later than 5 Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the 
next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next 
succeeding Interest Period and for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 5.2(f) during any other future Interest 
Period(s)). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5.2(f)(iii)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the subsequent further operation of this 
Condition 5.2(f)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5.2(f)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent 
further operation of this Condition 5.2(f)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines (i) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as

--- Page 66 ---
- 57 - 
the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of a Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable), 
subject to the subsequent further operation and adjustment as provided in this 
Condition 5.2(f). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5.2(f) and the Independent Adviser acting in good 
faith determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions (including, without 
limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day 
or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, 
the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments (which shall not impose more onerous obligations on the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest or expose it to any additional 
duties or liabilities without such party's consent), then the relevant Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(iv), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, 
vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the relevant Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Calculation Agent shall (at the relevant Issuer’s expense and 
direction), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the relevant Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments required to the Agency Agreement and these 
Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
5.2(f)(iv), the relevant Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange 
or other relevant authority on or by which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The relevant Issuer shall promptly notify the party responsible for determining 
the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or 
such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), the Noteholders of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under 
Condition 5.2(f)(iv). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the relevant Issuer under this Condition 
5.2(f), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 5.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply unless and until the party responsible 
for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable) has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be), any Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark 
Amendments (if applicable), in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(v). 
(vii) 
Fallbacks

--- Page 67 ---
- 58 - 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined 
pursuant to this provision and notified to the party responsible for determining the 
Rate of Interest prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the original 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) will continue to apply for the purposes 
of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with 
the effect that the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Conditions will 
continue to apply to such determination. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.2(f), if in the Principal Paying 
Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action 
in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 5.2(f), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall promptly notify the relevant Issuer and/or the Independent Advisor 
thereof and the relevant Issuer shall direct the Principal Paying Agent in writing as to 
which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Principal Paying Agent is not promptly 
provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the relevant Issuer and/or the Independent 
Advisor (as the case may be) thereof and the Principal Paying Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for 
not doing so. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(f): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and 
is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or in 
the case of an Alternative Rate) the Independent Adviser acting in good faith 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary usage in 
international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(c) 
(if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged) the 
Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines to be appropriate; 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith determines in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(ii) has 
replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes 
or, if the Independent Adviser determines there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines is most comparable to the relevant 
Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.2(f)(iv); 
"Benchmark Event" means:

--- Page 68 ---
- 59 - 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing 
the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of 
the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date 
specified in (b)(i) above; or 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (d)(i) above; 
(e) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference 
Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date 
and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (e)(i) 
above; or 
(f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for 
any Paying Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the relevant 
Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the relevant Issuer at its own expense. For the avoidance of doubt, 
an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f) shall act in good faith 
as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the relevant Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f); 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority 
or any similar institution for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, (b) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, 
by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 69 ---
- 60 - 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
Subject to Condition 5.2(f) (Benchmark Discontinuation) the Principal Paying Agent will 
cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any 
stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and 
notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business 
Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph 5.2(g), the 
expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5.2 by the Principal Paying Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents 
and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or gross 
negligence) no liability to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent in connection with the exercise 
or non exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is 
the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices). 
5.4 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes 
If a Step Up Rating Change and/or Step Down Rating Change is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the following terms relating to the Rate of Interest for the Notes shall 
apply: 
(a) 
The Rate of Interest payable on the Notes will be subject to adjustment from time to time 
in the event of a Step Up Rating Change and/or a Step Down Rating Change, as the case 
may be. 
(b) 
Subject to Condition 5.4(d) and 5.4(h) below, from and including the first Interest Payment 
Date falling on or after the date of a Step Up Rating Change, the Rate of Interest (in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on 
the Notes shall be increased by the Step Up Margin. 
(c) 
Subject to Condition 5.4(d) and 5.4(h) below, in the event of a Step Down Rating Change 
following a Step Up Rating Change, with effect from and including the first Interest 
Payment Date falling on or after the date of such Step Down Rating Change, the Rate of 
Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) 
payable on the Notes shall be decreased by the Step Up Margin back to the initial Rate of

--- Page 70 ---
- 61 - 
Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes). 
(d) 
If a Step Up Rating Change and, subsequently, a Step Down Rating Change occur during 
the same Fixed Interest Period (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the same Interest Period 
(in the case of Floating Rate Notes), the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) 
or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) on the Notes shall be neither increased 
nor decreased as a result of either such event. 
(e) 
SBB shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain credit ratings for its senior unsecured long-
term debt from S&P and Fitch. If, notwithstanding such reasonable efforts, S&P or Fitch 
fails or ceases to assign a credit rating to SBB's senior unsecured long-term debt, SBB 
shall use all reasonable efforts to obtain a credit rating of its senior unsecured long-term 
debt from a Substitute Rating Agency, and references herein to such Rating Agency or the 
credit ratings thereof, shall be to such Substitute Rating Agency or, as the case may be, 
the equivalent credit ratings thereof as specified in or determined in accordance with the 
remainder of this Condition 5.4. 
(f) 
SBB will cause the occurrence of a Step Up Rating Change or a Step Down Rating Change 
giving rise to an adjustment to the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the 
Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 5.4 to be notified to the Principal Paying Agent and (in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices)) the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after the 
occurrence of such Step Up Rating Change or Step Down Rating Change, but in no event 
later than the fifth London Business Day thereafter. 
(g) 
If the rating designations employed by any Rating Agency are changed from those which 
are described in this Condition 5.4 or if a rating is procured from a Substitute Rating 
Agency other than Moody's, SBB shall determine the rating designations of such Rating 
Agency or Substitute Rating Agency (as the case may be) as are most equivalent to the 
prior rating designations of the existing Rating Agency (or Rating Agencies, as the case 
may be). 
(h) 
Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, there shall be no limit on the 
number of times that the Rate of Interest may be adjusted pursuant hereto during the term 
of the Notes provided that at no time during the term of the Notes will the Rate of Interest 
be (i) less than the initial Rate of Interest or (ii) more than the initial Rate of Interest plus 
the Step Up Margin specified hereon. 
Where: 
"Rating Agency", "Fitch", "Moody's", "S&P" and "Substitute Rating Agency" have the 
meanings given to such terms in Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)); 
"Step Down Rating Change" means the first public announcement by S&P or Fitch and, 
if applicable, each other Rating Agency appointed by or with the consent of SBB, after a 
Step Up Rating Change, that the credit rating of SBB's senior unsecured long-term debt is 
at least BBB- in the case of S&P and, if applicable, at least Baa3 in the case of Moody's 
and at least BBB- in the case of Fitch with the result that, following such public 
announcement, no Rating Agency assigns a credit rating below the aforementioned levels 
or any equivalent rating. For the avoidance of doubt, any further increase in the credit 
rating of SBB's senior unsecured long-term debt above BBB- in the case of S&P and, if 
applicable, at least Baa3 in the case of Moody's and at least BBB- in the case of Fitch and 
in respect of any other Substitute Rating Agency, an equivalent rating or above shall not 
constitute a further Step Down Rating Change; 
"Step Up Margin" means the rate per annum specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Step Up Rating Change" means the first public announcement by S&P or Fitch or, if 
applicable, any other Rating Agency appointed by or with the consent of SBB of a

--- Page 71 ---
- 62 - 
decrease in the credit rating of SBB's senior unsecured long-term debt to below BBB- (in 
the case of S&P) or below Baa3 (in the case of Moody's) or below BBB- (in the case of 
Fitch). For the avoidance of doubt, any further decrease in the credit rating of SBB's senior 
unsecured long-term debt below BBB- in the case of S&P or, if applicable, below Baa3 in 
the case of Moody's or below BBB- in the case of Fitch and in respect of any other 
Substitute Rating Agency, an equivalent rating or below shall not constitute a further Step 
Up Rating Change. 
5.5 
Calculation Agent 
The relevant Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them in respect of any Notes and for so long as such Note is outstanding. 
Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of any Notes, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as 
such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest payable from time to 
time or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the relevant Issuer, shall 
appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its 
place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed 
as aforesaid. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 (Method of payment) above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject 
as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States 
of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured

--- Page 72 ---
- 63 - 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount 
of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the 
relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would 
otherwise have become void under Condition 9 (Prescription) or, if later, five years from the date 
on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is 
less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long 
Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining 
to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender 
of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where 
applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either 
on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying 
Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of 
the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of 
holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the "Register") (i) where in global 
form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in 
definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on 
which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) 
before the relevant due date. For these purposes, "Designated Account" means the account (which, 
in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) 
maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and 
"Designated Bank" means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made by transfer on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of 
joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close

--- Page 73 ---
- 64 - 
of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close 
of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the 
relevant due date (the "Record Date"). Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered 
Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such 
Registered Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of 
each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such 
Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for 
their share of each payment so made by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.5, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in 
the United States if: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when 
due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the relevant Issuer 
or the Guarantor. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For 
these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; 
and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 74 ---
- 65 - 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
8 (Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
the Change of Control Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
relevant Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 
8 (Taxation). 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the relevant Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any 
time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a 
Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice each as specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the relevant Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 
(Taxation) or the Guarantor is unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment 
by the relevant Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay such 
additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) or any change 
in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue 
the first Tranche of the Notes; and

--- Page 75 ---
- 66 - 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.2, the relevant 
Issuer shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent, to make available at their specified office to the 
Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the relevant Issuer or, as the 
case may be, two Authorised Signatories of the Guarantor stating that the relevant Issuer is entitled 
to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the relevant Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the relevant Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result 
of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together with any interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
each as specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable (other than in the circumstances set out in the next 
sentence) and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes 
then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
each as specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Where the Optional Redemption Amount 
is Spens Amount or Make-whole Amount, any such notice of redemption may, at the relevant 
Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall 
state that, in the relevant Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until 
such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the relevant Issuer in its 
sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event 
that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the relevant Issuer in its 
sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount 
of the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if either Spens Amount or Make-whole 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be: 
(a) 
if Spens Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the higher 
of (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and 
(ii) the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price, 
as reported to the relevant Issuer by the Determination Agent, at which the gross 
redemption yield to maturity or, if a Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the yield to the Par Call Period Commencement Date, on such Notes on the 
Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield (determined by reference to the 
middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, 
plus the Redemption Margin; or 
(b) 
if Make-whole Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the higher 
of (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and 
(ii) the sum of the present values of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued 
to the date of redemption) and such present values shall be calculated by discounting such

--- Page 76 ---
- 67 - 
amounts to the date of redemption on an annual basis (based on the Day Count Fraction 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption 
Margin, all as determined by the Determination Agent. 
In this Condition 7.3: 
"DA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities (which if the Specified Currency 
is euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Determination Agent as having an 
actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes, that would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
"Determination Agent" means a leading investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected by the relevant Issuer; 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out 
by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt 
Prices from Yields", page 4, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts"; "Double 
dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" 
(published 8 June 1998, as amended or updated from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding 
basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or, if 
such formula does not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a gross 
redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as 
determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Quotation Time" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the 
Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date 
of redemption; 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the relevant Issuer, 
or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each 
case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted 
in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term to maturity of such Note (or, if a Par 
Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the remaining term up to the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from

--- Page 77 ---
- 68 - 
and including the date on which such Note is to be redeemed by the relevant Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 7.3. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will 
(i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, 
not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Par Call) 
If Issuer Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes 
then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the Par Call Period specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption. 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the relevant Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note 
is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of 
exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify 
a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.5 and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal 
amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new 
Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2 (Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form). 
If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the 
Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of 
this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise 
in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or 
any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.5 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred

--- Page 78 ---
- 69 - 
and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the relevant 
Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.5 and instead to declare such Note 
forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement). 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control 
Put) 
If a Change of Control Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the occurrence of a 
Change of Control Put Event (as defined below), each Noteholder will have the option (the 
"Change of Control Put Option") to require the relevant Issuer to redeem or, at the relevant 
Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Noteholder's Notes on the Change of 
Control Put Date (as defined below) at the Change of Control Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to but excluding the date of redemption or purchase. 
Promptly upon the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor becoming aware that a Change of Control Put 
Event has occurred and, in any event, within 5 days of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
becoming aware that such Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the relevant Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor shall, give notice (a "Change of Control Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event 
and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar, on any Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6 (Payment Day) at the place of such 
specified office falling within the Change of Control Put Period (as defined below), a duly signed 
and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current obtainable from any 
specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a "Change of Control 
Put Exercise Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is to 
be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.6 and, in 
the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full 
nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a 
new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2 (Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive 
form). If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice must be 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note 
will, following the delivery of the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice, be held to its order or 
under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, 
purchase of this Note under this Condition 7.6 the holder of this Note must, within the Change of 
Control Put Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given 
on their instruction by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
A Change of Control Put Exercise Notice given by a holder of any Note shall be irrevocable except 
where, prior to the due date of redemption or purchase, an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the relevant Issuer to 
withdraw the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.6 and 
instead treat its Notes as being forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of 
Default and Enforcement). 
Any Note which is the subject of a Change of Control Put Exercise Notice which has been delivered 
as described above prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Put Period shall be redeemed or, 
as the case may be, purchased by (or on behalf of) the relevant Issuer on the date which is the

--- Page 79 ---
- 70 - 
seventh Business Day as defined in Condition 5.2(a) (Interest Payment Dates) immediately 
following the last day of the Change of Control Put Period (the "Change of Control Put Date"). 
In these Conditions: 
a "Change of Control Put Event" will be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
any Person or any Persons acting together, acquire: (A) the beneficial ownership (directly 
or indirectly) of more than 50 per cent. of the total voting rights represented by shares of 
SBB; or (B) the power to appoint or remove the majority of the members of the board of 
directors of SBB (each such event being, a "Change of Control"); and 
(b) 
on the date (the "Relevant Announcement Date") that is the earlier of (1) the date of the 
earliest Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below) (if any) and (2) 
the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control, the Notes 
carry: 
(i) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-/BBB-, or equivalent, or better) (an 
"Investment Grade Rating") from any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating 
Agency at the invitation or with the consent of SBB) and, within the Change of 
Control Period, any such Rating Agency downgrades its rating of the Notes to a 
non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent, or worse) or 
withdraws its rating of the Notes and such rating is not within the Change of 
Control Period (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a 
withdrawal) reinstated to an Investment Grade Rating by such Rating Agency; or 
(ii) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent or worse) from 
any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating Agency at the invitation or with the 
consent of SBB) and such rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change 
of Control Period downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, 
Ba1/BB+/BB+ to Ba2/BB/BB being one notch) or withdrawn and is not within 
the Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded 
or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by 
such Rating Agency; or 
(iii) 
no credit rating from any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating Event also occurs 
within the Change of Control Period, 
and 
(c) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor that such 
downgrading and/or withdrawal resulted, directly or indirectly, from the Change of 
Control or the Potential Change of Control Announcement (whether or not the Change of 
Control shall have occurred at the time such rating is downgraded and/or withdrawn). 
Upon receipt by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor of any such written confirmation, the 
relevant Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such written confirmation to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
If the rating designations employed by S&P, Fitch or Moody's are changed from those which are 
described in paragraph (b) of the definition of "Change of Control Put Event" above, or if a rating 
is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, SBB shall determine the rating designations of S&P, 
Fitch or Moody's or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to the 
prior rating designations of S&P, Fitch or Moody's and this Condition 7.6 shall be construed 
accordingly. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date 
and ending 120 days after the occurrence of the Change of Control or, where a Rating Agency has 
publicly announced that the Notes are under consideration for rating review or, as the case may be, 
rating (such public announcement being within the period ending 120 days after the Change of 
Control), the later of (i) such 120th day after the Change of Control and (ii) the date falling 60 days 
after such public announcement;

--- Page 80 ---
- 71 - 
"Change of Control Put Period" means the period from, and including, the date of a Change of 
Control Put Event Notice to, but excluding, the 45th day following the date of the Change of 
Control Put Event Notice or, if earlier, the eighth day immediately preceding the Maturity Date; 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ltd; 
"Moody's" means Moody's Investors Services Ltd; 
"Negative Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) SBB does not, prior to or not 
later than 21 days after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control, seek, and thereafter 
throughout the Change of Control Period use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating of the 
Notes or (ii) if SBB does so seek and use all such reasonable endeavours, it is unable to obtain such 
rating of at least investment grade (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent or better) by the end of the 
Change of Control Period and the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in 
writing to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor that the failure to issue a rating of at least investment 
grade (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent or better) was as a result, directly or indirectly, of the 
Change of Control or the Potential Change of Control Announcement (whether or not the Change 
of Control had occurred at such time); 
"Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or statement by 
or on behalf of SBB, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual or 
potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control where within 180 days following the 
date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs; and 
"Rating Agency" means S&P, Moody's or Fitch or any of their respective successors or any other 
rating agency (a "Substitute Rating Agency") of equivalent international standing specified by 
SBB from time to time; and 
"S&P" and "Standard & Poor's" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
7.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) and Condition 10 (Events of Default 
and Enforcement): 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount being an 
amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅× (1 + 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴)𝑦𝑦 
where: 
"RP" 
means the Reference Price; 
"AY" 
means the Accrual Yield (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) expressed as a 
decimal; and 
"y" 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of

--- Page 81 ---
- 72 - 
the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
7.8 
Clean-up call 
If the Clean-up Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in the event that 
Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding 80 per cent. of the principal amount 
of the Notes have been purchased and cancelled or redeemed by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor 
(other than as a result of the exercise by the relevant Issuer of its redemption right under Condition 
7.3 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call))) the relevant Issuer may, on giving not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), redeem on the date specified in such 
notice all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at the Optional Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but 
unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
7.9 
Purchases 
The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor may 
at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market 
or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the relevant Issuer or 
the Guarantor, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
7.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so 
cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 (Purchases) above 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the 
Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Redemption at maturity), 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 7.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), 7.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Par Call)), 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)), 7.6 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) 
or 7.8 (Clean-up call) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 10 
(Events of Default and Enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
Condition 7.7(b) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date 
upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the 
date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any 
Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the 
relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such

--- Page 82 ---
- 73 - 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Sweden or Finland; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of the holder having some connection with Sweden or Finland other than the mere 
holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6 (Payment Day). 
8.2 
As used in these Conditions: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means Sweden (in the case of payments by SBB) or Finland (in the 
case of payments by SBBT or by SBB in respect of Notes issued by SBBT) (or in either 
case any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax) or 
any other jurisdiction (or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax) to which payments made by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor of 
principal and interest on the Notes become generally subject; and 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means 
the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that 
effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
9. 
Prescription 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in 
respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) 
and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) 
therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 9 or Condition 6.2 
(Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant 
to Condition 6.2 (Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons). 
10. 
Events of Default and Enforcement 
10.1 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due 
in respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days 
in the case of principal and 14 days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
if SBB fails to maintain the Consolidated Coverage Ratio in accordance with Condition 
4.2(b) (Financial Covenants – Maintenance of Consolidated Coverage Ratio) and such 
breach continues for 90 days; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other 
obligations under these Conditions and (except in any case where the failure is incapable 
of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) 
the failure continues unremedied for the period of 30 days next following the service by a

--- Page 83 ---
- 74 - 
Noteholder on the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor of written notice 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(d) 
if (i) any Financial Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prior to its stated maturity by reason 
of an event of default (however described); (ii) the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any 
of their respective Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any Financial 
Indebtedness on the due date for payment (as extended by any originally applicable grace 
period); (iii) any security given by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries for any Financial Indebtedness becomes enforceable and steps are 
taken to enforce the same; or (iv) default is made by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any of their respective Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee 
and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Financial Indebtedness of any other person; 
provided that no event described in this subparagraph 10.1(d) shall constitute an Event 
of Default unless the relevant amount of Financial Indebtedness or other relative liability 
due and unpaid, either alone or when aggregated (without duplication) with other amounts 
of Financial Indebtedness and/or other liabilities due and unpaid relative to all (if any) 
other events specified in (i) to (iv) above, amounts to at least 1 per cent. of the 
Consolidated Total Assets; or 
(e) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary, save for the 
purposes of reorganisation, amalgamation, adjustment or restructuring of the Group whilst 
solvent or on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(f) 
if the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease 
to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business, save for the purposes of any 
reorganisation, amalgamation, adjustment or restructuring of the Group whilst solvent or 
on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution, or the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary becomes insolvent or is unable to, or admits inability 
to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its 
debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found 
bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(g) 
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or 
other similar laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the 
appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official is appointed, in relation to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or any part of the undertaking 
or assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or any part of 
the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration 
or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or any 
part of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (ii) in any case (other than the 
appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within 60 days; or 
(h) 
if the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Material Subsidiaries (or their respective 
directors or shareholders) initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself 
under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar 
laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for 
the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal 
for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); 
or 
(i) 
if the relevant Issuer (where the relevant Issuer is SBBT) ceases to be a subsidiary wholly 
owned and controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Guarantor; or  
(j) 
if the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor not to 
be, in full force and effect,

--- Page 84 ---
- 75 - 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the relevant Issuer at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, 
declare any Note held by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become 
forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) 
to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
10.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any particular time, a Subsidiary of SBB: 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
or whose rental revenue (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has 
Subsidiaries) represent in each case not less than 5 per cent. of the consolidated total assets 
or, as the case may be, consolidated rental revenue of the Group, all as calculated 
respectively by reference to the then latest audited financial statements (consolidated or, 
as the case may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Group, provided that in the case of a Subsidiary 
of SBB acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Group relate, the reference to the then latest 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the purposes of the calculation 
above shall, until consolidated financial statements for the financial period in which the 
acquisition is made have been prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a 
reference to such first-mentioned financial statements as if such Subsidiary had been 
shown in such accounts by reference to its then latest relevant audited financial statements, 
adjusted as deemed appropriate by SBB; 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets 
of a Subsidiary of SBB which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary 
pursuant to (a) above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer 
forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be 
a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (b) on the date on which the 
consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial period current at the date 
of such transfer have been prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that such transferor 
Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time 
after the date on which such consolidated financial statements have been prepared and 
audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or 
after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking 
or assets of the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary 
being acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Group relate, generate rental revenue equal to) not 
less than 5 per cent. of the consolidated rental revenue, or represent (or, in the case 
aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 5 per cent. of the consolidated total assets, of the 
Group, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, provided that the 
transferor Subsidiary (if a Material Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to 
be a Material Subsidiary unless immediately following such transfer its undertaking and 
assets generate (or, in the case aforesaid, generate rental revenue equal to) not less than 5 
per cent. of the consolidated rental revenue, or its assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, 
are equal to) not less than 5 per cent. of the consolidated total assets, of the Group, all as 
calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, and the transferee Subsidiary shall 
cease to be a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (c) on the date on which 
the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial period current at the 
date of such transfer have been prepared and audited but so that such transferor Subsidiary 
or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date 
on which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by 
virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue 
of any other applicable provision of this definition,

--- Page 85 ---
- 76 - 
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement. 
A report by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of SBB that in their 
opinion a Subsidiary of SBB is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any 
specified period a Material Subsidiary of SBB, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive 
and binding on all parties. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence 
and indemnity as the relevant Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons 
or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Agents are appointed in connection with any 
Series, the names of such Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The relevant Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; 
(b) 
so long as any Registered Notes are outstanding, there will be a Registrar and a Transfer 
Agent; 
(c) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place 
as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor is incorporated. 
In addition, the relevant Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in 
New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5 (General provisions applicable to 
payments). Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be 
given to the Noteholders promptly by the relevant Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the relevant Issuer and 
the Guarantor and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any 
Noteholder or Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity 
into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers 
all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest 
due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 9 (Prescription).

--- Page 86 ---
- 77 - 
14. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The relevant Issuer or 
the Guarantor (as applicable) shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer 
Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including 
publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those 
rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, 
where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in 
all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that 
stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such mailing the delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them 
to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or 
relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders 
of the Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). 
Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder 
of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
15.1 
Meetings of Noteholders  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification 
of the Notes, the Coupons, the Guarantee or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement or the 
Deed of Guarantee. Such a meeting may be convened by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor and 
shall be convened by the relevant Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 
five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The 
quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, 
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes 
or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant

--- Page 87 ---
- 78 - 
or the Deed of Guarantee in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-
third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement 
provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such 
resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-
fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by 
way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the 
Principal Paying Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the 
Noteholders will be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and 
whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
15.2 
Modification 
The Principal Paying Agent and the relevant Issuer may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the 
Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification as a result of the operation of Condition 5.2(f) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation); or 
(c) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest 
error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The relevant Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the 
Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
18.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee, the Notes and the Coupons 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, 
the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law 
18.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 18.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including

--- Page 88 ---
- 79 - 
any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons 
(a "Dispute") and accordingly each of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any 
Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 18.2, the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor each waives 
any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of 
any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) 
concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
18.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor each irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate 
Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom as its agent 
for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and 
agrees that, in the event of Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited being unable or unwilling 
for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of 
process in England in respect of any Dispute. The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor each agrees 
that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein 
shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
18.4 
Other documents 
The Issuers and, where applicable, the Guarantor have in the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and 
appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 89 ---
- 80 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the relevant Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes, including acquisitions, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In particular, if so specified in the use of proceeds section of the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer 
intends to apply the net proceeds from an offer of Notes specifically for Eligible Assets in accordance with 
SBB's Sustainable Financing Framework. Such Notes may be used to promote climate-
friendly/environmental purposes ("Green Bonds"), social purposes ("Social Bonds") or a combination of 
both climate-friendly/environmental and social purposes ("Sustainability Bonds").

--- Page 90 ---
- 81 - 
DESCRIPTION OF SBBT 
General Information 
SBBT's legal and commercial name is SBB Treasury Oyj, its Business Identity Code is 3147399-4 and it 
was incorporated on 29 June 2020. SBBT is a wholly owned subsidiary of SBB. 
SBBT is incorporated as a public limited liability company in Finland and registered with the Finnish Trade 
Register. SBBT's registered office is at Newsec Asset Management Oy, PL 52, 00101 Helsinki Finland and 
its telephone number is +46 70 674 44 22. 
The authorised share capital of SBBT is EUR 80,000 and is represented by 1,000 shares having a nominal 
value of EUR 80 each. The share capital of SBBT is fully subscribed and paid up by SBB, as the sole 
shareholder. 
SBBT is a special purpose financing vehicle that was formed for the purpose of raising debt for the Group. 
The principal activities of SBBT are the issue of bonds and it may also take up financing. 
The first set of audited financial statements of SBBT will be prepared on 30 June 2021.  
Board of Directors, Management and Auditors 
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of SBBT is made up of Ilija Batljan, Oscar Lekander and Sofia Eva-Lotta Strid. 
The business address of the directors is Newsec Asset Management Oy, PL 52, 00101 Helsinki Finland. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the board members in respect of SBBT and their 
private interests or other commitments. 
Auditors 
Ernst & Young Oy have been appointed as SBBT's auditors and Mikko Rytilahti, an authorised auditor, 
was appointed as the auditor in charge.

--- Page 91 ---
- 82 - 
DESCRIPTION OF SBB AND ITS OPERATIONS 
Description of SBB 
Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ), Reg. No. 556981-7660, is a Swedish public limited liability 
company having its registered office in Stockholm. SBB was founded by Header Compression Sweden 
Holding AB (publ), Reg No. 556825-4741 in September 2014 in accordance with Swedish law and was 
registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on 4 September 2014 under the name 
Effnetplattformen AB (publ). 
SBB's operations are regulated by Swedish law, including but not limited to, the Swedish Companies Act 
(Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) and the Swedish Annual Accounts Act (Sw. årsredovisningslagen 
(1995:1554)). 
The object of the Group's business is to own and manage real property and/or shares, directly or indirectly, 
and conduct any other activities compatible therewith. 
At the extraordinary general meeting of SBB held on 16 January 2017, the shareholders of SBB, then known 
as Effnetplattformen AB (publ) resolved to acquire all of the shares in SBB i Norden, Kuststaden 
Holding AB, a Swedish private limited company with registered number 556875-2173, and 
Sörmlandsporten AB, a Swedish private limited company with registered number 556716-3034. The 
acquisitions were financed with an issue of shares together with a cash component. The acquisition of these 
entities was accounted as a reversed take-over. 
Following the reverse take-over, SBB functions as a holding company for the operating business of the 
Group, with its business comprising of group-management and group-wide functions. SBB does not 
conduct any business operations. The original business of Effnetplattformen AB (publ), together with its 
subsidiaries, was sold by SBB in the middle of January 2017. In connection with this sale, SBB changed its 
name from Effnetplattformen AB (publ) to Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ). 
Following the reverse take-over, SBB became a pure real estate company and was approved for listing on 
Nasdaq First North in its current form on 31 March 2017. 
Business overview 
General 
The Group owns and manages properties and aims to be one of the leading Nordic real estate groups with 
focus on social infrastructure properties, residential properties and the development of residential and social 
infrastructure properties. As at 31 December 2020, the Group's property portfolio consisted of 1,618 
properties (as compared to 1,394 as at 31 December 2019). See the section "Property Portfolio" below for 
more information. 
The Group owns, manages and develops properties in Sweden, Norway, Finland and Denmark (with 
properties valued as at 31 December 2020 of SEK 63.1 billion, SEK 17.4 billion, SEK 8.8 billion and SEK 
0.9 billion respectively).  The properties are generally located close to the city centre and with access to 
good transportation links. SBB manages more than 10,000 rental apartments in Sweden and is one of the 
largest actors in elderly homes, properties for the disabled and schools in the scope of social infrastructure 
in the Nordic region.  
Social infrastructure properties are properties from which certain public social infrastructure (in sectors 
such as schools, health and personal care) operates. Most of the Rental Income stemming from this sector 
derives from public sector tenants or from tenants who run publicly funded activities on behalf of 
government, county councils or municipalities. The social infrastructure properties include properties used 
by tenants who are directly or indirectly tax funded. Tenants are engaged in activities such as education, 
elderly care, care of people with special needs and other care activities, municipal and state administration. 
Examples of tenants include municipality of Värmdö för Fågelvik preschool, municipality of Borlänge, 
several accommodations for elderly people and properties that accommodate people with special needs 
(group housing). The Group's aim is to offer modern social infrastructure properties in close cooperation 
with the main providers of care services - often municipalities and county councils, but also private care 
companies.

--- Page 92 ---
- 83 - 
Organisation Structure 
The Group's operations are mainly carried out by its direct and indirect subsidiaries and the Group is 
largely dependent on its subsidiaries in order to generate profit and cash flow. Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i 
Norden AB (publ) is the parent company of the Group. As of 31 December 2020, the Group comprised 
entities incorporated in Sweden, Norway, Finland and Denmark.  
The following chart illustrates the key companies within the Group as of 31 December 2020:

--- Page 93 ---
- 84 - 
Shareholders 
SBB has issued shares of class A, shares of class B, shares of class D and preference shares. SBB's shares 
of class B and class D are listed on Nasdaq First North. The table below lists the major shareholders in 
SBB as of 31 March 2021: 
Shareholders 
Class A shares 
Class B shares 
Class D shares 
Preference 
shares 
Share of 
Capital 
(%) 
Votes 
(%) 
Ilija Batljan (private and through 
company)  ........................................  
109,053,868 
19,195,259 
530,000 
- 
8.46 
32.54 
AB Arvid Svensson .........................  
42,444,700 
23,144,429 
- 
- 
4.31 
13.12 
Dragfast AB.....................................  
36,163,467 
59,412,502 
- 
- 
6.28 
12.34 
Sven-Olof Johansson .......................  
22,315,456 
31,081,315 
- 
- 
3.51 
7.45 
Länsförsäkringar .............................  
- 
90,029,574 
- 
- 
5.91 
2.64 
Sveafastigheter Bostad Group AB ..  
- 
44,533,762 
- 
- 
2.97 
1.31 
Læringsverkstedet Gruppen AS ......  
- 
- 
44,197,779 
- 
2.90 
1.31 
Michael Cocozza .............................  
- 
39,354,519 
- 
- 
2.59 
1.15 
BlackRock .......................................  
- 
34,160,082 
819,514 
- 
2.30 
1.03 
Vanguard .........................................  
- 
27,722,139 
2,289,719 
- 
1.97 
0.88 
Marjan Dragicevic ...........................  
- 
28,000,000 
- 
- 
1.84 
0.82 
Futur Pension...................................  
- 
25,164,747 
2,102,935 
50 
1.79 
0.80 
Avanza Pension ...............................  
- 
16,254,219 
8,495,131 
1,219 
1.63 
0.73 
Columbia Threadneedle ..................  
- 
22,825,858 
- 
- 
1.50 
0.67 
Gösta Welandson with companies ..  
- 
20,060,764 
224,000 
- 
1.33 
0.59 
Lennart Schuss ................................  
- 
20,074,872 
190,000 
- 
1.33 
0.59 
Others ..............................................  
- 
638,565,698 
134,065,898 
29,444 
50.7 
22.6 
Total ................................................  
209,977,491 
1,119,504,867 
192,724,976 
30,713 
100 
100 
Strategy 
Business Strategy 
The Group's business strategy is: 
• 
to be a natural and reliable partner to the public sector in the Nordic countries by owning, managing 
and developing social infrastructure properties with a long-term perspective; 
• 
to own, manage and develop residential properties throughout Sweden; and 
• 
to work actively with the aim of creating residential building rights by being a community service 
builder and long-term partner to municipalities, countries and state authorities. 
Management Strategy 
SBB's management focuses on active work with value-creating development and continuous maintenance 
of its existing portfolio. SBB aims to a maintain a high Surplus Ratio and performs management 
operations with a focus on Net Operating Income which it seeks to achieve through energy- saving 
investments. SBB develops the Group's existing portfolio and renovates the current residential properties to 
modern standards. The majority of the Group's property management, including the local financial and 
technical management of the properties, is performed in-house. 
Investment Strategy 
With respect to the Group's activities in the development of building rights for residential and social 
infrastructure properties, SBB seeks to identify properties where it sees an opportunity for the development 
of building rights for mainly residential and social infrastructure properties in the short to medium term. 
Prior to acquisition of a property, SBB determines, after discussions with the local municipality, what is 
required in order to have a new zoning plan approved. Immediately after taking possession, work is 
commenced to pursue a zoning plan to create building rights. SBB then seeks to make early sales of these 
building rights prior to the final approval of the zoning plan with the intention of creating momentum for 
the zoning plan process in order to give municipalities confidence to ensure that when the zoning plan 
is approved, construction will start immediately. SBB aims to minimise production risks by divesting its

--- Page 94 ---
- 85 - 
building rights before the start of production, either to an external partner or to a joint venture where 
SBB's counterpart is an experienced project developer that takes responsibility for the production and 
construction risks. 
Funding Strategy 
The finance department seeks to support the Group's core business by minimising the short-term and long- 
term cost of capital. Its task is to manage existing debt, raise new loans for investments and acquisitions, 
streamline cash management and limit financial risks. The work is governed by SBB's finance policy, which 
is determined and reviewed by the Board once a year. The finance policy governs reporting, follow-up and 
control. All financial matters of strategic importance are dealt with by the Board. The Group is financed 
by equity and liabilities in the form of bank loans and bonds. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's interest-bearing liabilities amounted to SEK 55,676 million (SEK 
56,091 million in 2019), of which SEK 12,064 million (SEK 25,985 million in 2019) related to liabilities to 
credit institutions, SEK 37,783 million (SEK 25,162 million in 2019) to senior and subordinated bonds, and 
SEK 5,418 million (SEK 4,944 million in 2019) to commercial paper.  As at 31 December 2020, the Group's 
Equity Ratio was 43 per cent. as compared with 30 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 and the Group's 
Adjusted Equity Ratio was 48 per cent. as compared with 33 per cent. at 31 December 2019.  As at 31 
December 2020, 10 per cent. of the Group's debt was secured and 90 per cent. was unsecured as compared to 
26 per cent. and 74 per cent., respectively, as at 31 December 2019. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's Average Interest Rate on its debt was 1.31 per cent. (1.76 per cent. in 
2019).  The average capital tied up period on its debt was 4.8 years (3.4 years in 2019) and the average fixed 
interest term was 4.5 years in 2020 (2.8 years in 2019). 
Capital Structure 
The table below shows the capital structure of the Group as at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018. 
 
 
31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
Capital Structure 
(SEK million) 
Equity 
30,896 
52,136 
Liabilities to credit institutions 
25,985 
12,064 
Bonds 
25,162 
37,783 
Commercial paper 
4,944 
5,418 
Deferred tax 
6,237 
7,172 
Other 
10,979 
5,491 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
Loan to Value Ratios 
 
 
Loan to Value Ratio, total debt, per cent 
41 
35 
Debt Maturity 
As of 31 December 2020, a majority of the Group's debt portfolio (excluding commercial paper) had 
maturities longer than five years. Excluding commercial paper, 50 per cent. of the Group's debt had 
maturities longer than five years. Including commercial paper, 45 per cent. of the Group's debt had 
maturities longer than five years.  
Equity 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's equity amounted to SEK 52,136 million (SEK 30,896 million in 
2019), with the Group Equity Ratio being 43 per cent. (30 per cent. in 2019) and the Group's Adjusted 
Equity Ratio being 48 per cent. (33 per cent. in 2019).

--- Page 95 ---
- 86 - 
Bank Debt and Liabilities to Credit Institutions 
The Group's secured liabilities to credit institutions were SEK 12,064 million as at 31 December 2020 
(SEK 25,985 million in 2019).  The Group's secured liabilities (including liabilities to credit institutions 
and secured bonds) amounted to SEK 12,529 million as at 31 December 2020 (SEK 27,319 million in 2019).  
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's loan portfolio was spread across 10 credit institutions, of which 
Danske Bank, SEB Handelsbanken, SBAB, Swedbank, DNB, and several saving banks are the largest 
lenders.  
As at 31 December 2020, of the Group's total loans, 4 per cent. carried variable interest rates (21 per cent. 
in 2019) and 96 per cent. were fixed rate loans (79 per cent. in 2019). 
Property mortgages amounting to SEK 25,066 million provide security for a part of the interest-bearing 
liabilities. 
Covenants and Risk 
SBB's financial risk exposure and positions can be valued by the use of, among other measures, the Equity 
Ratio and a gearing ratio. Credit agreements with banks and credit institutions often include covenants 
measuring the Group's Equity Ratio, interest coverage and leverage. 
Pursuant to the current published financial policy of the Group, the Board has stipulated that: (i) the Group's 
profit from property management target is to maintain a ratio of at least 15 per cent. annual average 
growth over a 5 year period, (ii) the Group's Interest Coverage Ratio target is to maintain a ratio of at 
least 3.0 (as compared with the covenant level of 1.5 to 1.7 which is often included in SBB's bank financing) 
and (iii) the Group's Loan to Value Ratio target is to maintain a Loan to Value Ratio of less than 50 per 
cent. 
Off-balance sheet arrangements 
As of 31 December 2020, the Group did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
Description of Alternative Performance Measures 
This section provides further information relating to Alternative Performance Measures for the purposes 
of the guidelines (the "Guidelines") published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA"). Certain of the financial measures included in this Base Prospectus can be characterised as 
APMs and set out below is a summary of the APM used, the definition, bases of calculation and reconciliation 
of such APMs and the rationale for their inclusion. 
SBB believes that the presentation of these APMs is helpful to investors because these and other similar 
measures are used by certain investors as supplemental measures of performance and liquidity. However, 
these measures are not measures of financial performance under IFRS and should not be considered 
in isolation or as a substitute for operating profit, cash flow from operating activities or other financial 
measures of the Group's results of operations or liquidity computed in accordance with IFRS. Other 
companies, including those in the Group's industry, may calculate these measures differently from the 
Group. As all companies do not calculate such measures in the same manner, the presentation of these 
measures pertaining to the Group may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other 
companies. 
 
Adjusted Equity Ratio (per cent.) 
means reported equity including shareholder loans and 
convertibles, with reversal of reported deferred tax liability as 
a percentage of total assets. 
Average Interest Rate (per cent.) 
means the weighted average contracted interest rate on 
interest-bearing liabilities at the end of the period, excluding 
unutilised credit facilities. 
EBITDA 
means earnings before tax, depreciation, interest rate costs 
and amortisation.

--- Page 96 ---
- 87 - 
Economic Letting Ratio (per cent.) 
means Passing Rent as a percentage of contracted Passing 
Rent plus estimated Passing Rent for vacant contracts. 
Equity Ratio (per cent.) 
means reported equity as a percentage of total assets. 
Interest Coverage Ratio 
means EBITDA divided by interest rate costs. 
Loan to Value Ratio (per cent.) 
means net interest-bearing liabilities as a percentage of total 
assets at the end of the period. 
Net Operating Income (SEK) 
means Rental Income minus property costs. 
Passing Net Operating Income (SEK) 
means Passing Rent less budgeted annual operating costs, 
budgeted annual maintenance costs, annualised management 
administration costs and budgeted property tax expense. 
Passing Rent (SEK) 
means contracted Rental Income (including additions and rent 
discounts) and other real estate-related income on a rolling 12-
months basis, based on current lease contracts as of the period end. 
Rental Income (SEK) 
means debited rent for the period with deductions for rental 
losses and rental discounts. 
Rental Value (SEK) 
means contracted Rental Income plus estimated Rental 
Income for vacant contracts. 
Secured Loan to Value Ratio (per 
cent.) 
means secured interest-bearing liabilities as a percentage of 
total assets at the end of the period 
Surplus Ratio (per cent.) 
means Net Operating Income as a percentage of Rental 
Income for the period. 
Yield (per cent.) 
means Passing Net Operating Income as a percentage of the 
gross asset value of properties adjusted to exclude the value 
of building rights. 
 
The table below shows the method of calculation for Adjusted Equity Ratio (per cent.) for the years ended 
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. 
 
31 December 
2019 
2020 
Adjusted Equity Ratio 
(SEK million) 
Equity 
30,896 
52,136 
Deferred tax excluding deferred tax related to goodwill 
3,869 
5,128 
Sum 
34,765 
57,264 
Total assets 
104,203 
120,231 
Adjusted Equity Ratio 
33% 
48% 
 
The table below shows the method of calculation for Economic Letting Ratio for the years ended 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2020. 
 
31 December 
2019 
2020 
Economic Letting Ratio 
(SEK million) 
Rental Income in current earnings capacity 
5,217 
4,839 
Rental value in current earnings capacity 
5,502 
5,170 
Economic Letting Ratio 
94.8% 
93.6%

--- Page 97 ---
- 88 - 
 
The table below shows the method of calculation for Equity Ratio for the years ended 31 December 2019 
and 31 December 2020. 
 
31 December 
2019 
2020 
Equity Ratio 
(SEK million) 
Equity 
30,896 
52,136 
Total assets 
104,203 
120,231 
Equity Ratio  
30% 
43% 
 
The table below shows the method of calculation for Interest Coverage Ratio for the years ended 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2020. 
 
31 December 
2019 
2020 
Interest Coverage Ratio 
(SEK million) 
Profit from property management (rolling 12 months)  
645 
2,474 
Reversal of net financial items 
 
 
 Interest income and similar items 
(102) 
(166) 
 Interest expenses and similar items (rolling 12 months) 
482 
973 
 Expenses for redeemed loans in advance (rolling 12 months) 
197 
199 
 Exchange rate differences (rolling 12 months) 
(91) 
(158) 
 Land lease payments (rolling 12 months) 
7 
25 
Total reversal of net financial items 
493 
873 
Profit from property management (rolling 12 months) excl. net financial items 
1,138 
3,347 
Net interest income 
 
 
 Interest income and similar items 
102 
166 
 Interest expenses and similar items (rolling 12 months) 
(482) 
(973) 
Total net interest items 
(380) 
(807) 
Interest coverage ratio (multiple) 
3.0 
4.1 
 
The table below shows the method of calculation for Loan to Value Ratio for the years ended 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2020. 
 
31 December 
2019 
2020 
Loan to Value Ratio 
(SEK million) 
Liabilities to credit institutions  
25,985 
12,064 
Bond loans 
25,162 
37,783 
Commercial papers  
4,944 
5,418 
Cash and cash equivalents 
(12,858) 
(13,606) 
Net debt 
43,233 
41,659 
Total assets 
104,203 
120,231 
Loan to Value Ratio 
41% 
35% 
 
The table below shows the method of calculation for Secured Loan to Value Ratio (per cent.) for the years 
ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. 
 
31 December 
2019 
2020 
Secured Loan to Value Ratio 
(SEK million) 
Liabilities to credit institutions 
25,985 
12,064

--- Page 98 ---
- 89 - 
Secured bond loans 
1,334 
465 
Total secured loans 
27,319 
12,529 
Total assets 
104,203 
120,231 
Secured Loan to Value Ratio  
26% 
10% 
 
The table below shows the method of calculation for Surplus Ratio for the years ended 31 December 2019 
and 31 December 2020. 
 
31 December 
2019 
2020 
Surplus Ratio 
(SEK million) 
Net Operating Income 
1,265 
3,479 
Rental Income 
1,996 
5,121 
Surplus Ratio 
63% 
68% 
 
The table below shows the method of calculation for Yield for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2020. 
 
31 December 
2019 
2020 
Yield 
(SEK million) 
Net operating income according to earnings capacity 
3,713 
3,487 
Investment properties 
79,542 
90,185 
Building rights 
(2,893) 
(9,056) 
Property value excluding building rights 
76,649 
81,129 
Yield 
4.8% 
4.3% 
 
Property Portfolio 
As at 31 December 2020, investment properties had a total gross asset value of approximately SEK 90.2 
billion (SEK 79.5 billion in 2019). The total lettable area of the Group's properties was approximately 
3,958,000 square metres as at 31 December 2020 (compared to 4,233,000 square metres as at 31 December 
2019), the Economic Letting Ratio was 93.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 (94.8 per cent. as at 31 
December 2019).  At the same time, the average Yield for SBB's real estate portfolio was 4.3 per cent. in 
2020 (4.8 per cent in 2019).  
Rental Income 
The Rental income was SEK 5,121 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 (SEK 1,996 million in 
2019) and Net Operating Income was SEK 3,479 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 (SEK 1,265 
million in 2019). 
Property value by Geography  
The table and charts below shows the distribution of property value by geography. In 2020, 75 per cent. 
(65 per cent. in 2019) of the property portfolio was located in metropolitan regions.  
 
 
2019 
2020 
 
(SEK billions) 
Sweden 
60.6 
63.1 
Norway 
12.4 
17.1 
Finland 
6.1 
9.0 
Denmark 
0.5 
0.9

--- Page 99 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
Operating Segments 
Community Services Properties 
The Group's community services properties include properties that are used by tenants that are tax financed 
by the Nordic welfare states. The tenants conduct operations in education, elderly care, support for the 
disabled and other activities for healthcare and municipal and national administration. For example, the 
Group owns several municipal buildings, ministry buildings, a large number of elderly housing units, 
preschools and schools.  
SBB's portfolio of community services properties was valued at SEK 67.1 billion as at 31 December 2020 
(SEK 61.5 billion in 2019), or 74.4 per cent. (77.4 per cent. in 2019) of the gross asset value of the Group's 
overall property portfolio.  
As of 31 December 2020, the Economic Letting Ratio was 95.4 per cent. (compared to 96 per cent. in 2019). 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group generated SEK 4,012 million of Rental Income (SEK 
1,168 million in 2019) and SEK 2,926 million (SEK 870 million in 2019) of Net Operating Income in its 
community services properties segment. 
o 
Largest tenants for community service properties 
As shown in the table below, as of 31 December 2020, the Group's top 10 community services properties 
tenants by Passing Rent accounted for 48.9 per cent. (compared to 41.6 per cent. in 2019) of the Group's 
Rental Income. 
Tenant 
Rental Income 
 
(%) 
Swedish State ............................................................................................................................................  
14.1 
Norwegian state .........................................................................................................................................  
8.6 
Læringsverkstedet AS ...............................................................................................................................  
6.5 
Academedia ...............................................................................................................................................  
3.5 
Municipality of Härnösand ........................................................................................................................  
3.4 
Norwegian National Association for Hearth and Lung Diseases ...............................................................  
3.1 
State of Finland .........................................................................................................................................  
3.0 
Attendo......................................................................................................................................................  
2.8 
Ambea  ......................................................................................................................................................  
2.0 
Esperi Oy ..................................................................................................................................................  
1.9 
Total .........................................................................................................................................................  
48.9 
 
o 
Average Lease Term for public sector properties 
The lease agreements for community services properties are characterised by long maturities and low 
relocations. As set out in the graph below, as at 31 December 2020, SBB's weighted average unexpired lease 
term was 9 years (7 years in 2019).

--- Page 100 ---
- 91 - 
 
Skellefteå Perseus 6 
In 2018, SBB began a collaboration with the Municipality of Skellefteå around the municipality's new 
cultural centre, which is scheduled for completion in 2021, and which will be one of the world's tallest 
wooden buildings. Skellefteå's cultural centre will house the Västerbotten Theatre, Museum Anna 
Nordlander, Skellefteå Art Hall and the City Library. The municipality has full responsibility for designing 
the building, for any extra costs and for the property management. A lease was signed with a term of 50 
years. After this transaction, SBB deepened its collaboration with the municipality through another deal of 
SEK 1.3 billion containing residential and community service properties, which was announced in 
November 2020. 
Residential properties 
The Group's residential property portfolio consists of rent-regulated residential apartment properties located 
in Swedish growth municipalities. SBB's portfolio of around 10,300 rent-regulated residential apartments 
was valued at SEK 18.1 billion, or 20 per cent. of the market value for the Group's overall property portfolio, 
as of 31 December 2020. As of 31 December 2020, the Economic Letting Ratio was 92.5 per cent and most 
vacancies were attributable to ongoing renovations, in accordance with the Group’s renovation strategy. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group generated SEK 843 million (SEK 707 million in 2019) 
of Rental Income and SEK 411 million (SEK 335 million in 2019) of Net Operating Income in its residential 
properties segment. 
The table below presents the Group’s Rental Income, property costs, net operating income and changes in 
property value for the rent-controlled residential properties segment for full-year 2019 and 2020, 
respectively, as well as the market value of the portfolio of residential properties at the end of the respective 
period. 
Classification 
2019 
2020 
(SEK millions) 
Rental Income  ......................................................................................  
707 
843 
Property costs .......................................................................................  
(372) 
(432) 
Net operating income ..............................................................................  
335 
411 
Changes in the value of properties ..............................................................  
1,188 
2,026 
Market value of investment properties .........................................................  
13,230 
18,102 
 
Other 
The remaining SEK 5.0 billion (SEK 4.8 billion in 2019), or 5.5 per cent. (6.0 per cent. in 2019), of the 
gross asset value of the Group's property portfolio as of 31 December 2020 was made up of cash flow

--- Page 101 ---
- 92 - 
generating properties in locations that municipalities have prioritised for urban development. SBB 
augments income from its core social infrastructure property management business with cash flow 
properties with a clear development potential to develop building rights for social infrastructure. Before 
such acquisitions, SBB communicates with the relevant municipality to ensure that the property and area is 
prioritised for upcoming urban development.  After the acquisition, SBB initiates work preparing a new 
zoning plan with the ambition to divest final building rights to a project developer or a joint venture (with 
SBB as a partner) together with an experienced project developer who takes responsibility for construction 
upon the final approval of the zoning plan. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group generated 
SEK 266 million (SEK 121 million in 2019) of Rental Income and SEK 142 million (SEK 60 million in 
2019) of Net Operating Income from other properties.  
Property Acquisitions 
The increase in the value of the properties was due to acquisitions of SEK 14,552 million (SEK 57,608 
million in 2019), sales of SEK 13,522 million (SEK 6,917 million in 2019), investments of SEK 2,088 
million (SEK 650 million in 2019) and unrealised changes in value amounting to SEK 9,115 million (SEK 
2,704 million in 2019). The acquisitions concerned 61 per cent. of community service properties, 35 per cent. 
of residential and 3 per cent. of other properties. 
Valuation model 
SBB reports investment properties at fair value. Every quarter, all properties are valued. According to the 
valuation policy, external valuers evaluate the entire portfolio every six months and the remaining quarters 
are valued internally. The value of the property portfolio as per 31 December 2020 has been based on 
external valuations made by Newsec, JLL, Savills, CBRE and Colliers. The valuations have been based on 
an analysis of future cash flows for each property, taking into account the current lease terms, market 
situation, rental levels, operating, maintenance and management costs, as well as need for investments. The 
yield requirements used in the valuations are in the range of 2.20 per cent. to 15.0 per cent., with an average 
value of 5.05 per cent. The value of the properties includes SEK 3,312 million for building rights that have 
been valued through the application of the local price method, which means that the assessment of the value 
is based on comparisons of prices for similar building rights. Fair value has thus been assessed in accordance 
with IFRS 13 level 3. 
Property development 
SBB works actively with property development, which entails development of building rights and 
participation in property development projects of social infrastructure. As of 31 December 2020 the project 
portfolio comprised of 5,623 apartments of which 3,942 apartments were under active project development. 
The development of new building rights ensures a project portfolio that is sustainable over the long term 
and a stable production rate. As of 31 December 2020 SBB's portfolio of building rights corresponded to 
approximately 34,000 apartments, making SBB one of the Nordic region's leading property developers. 
SBB divides the development process into four phases: Project concepts (phase 1), Pending planning 
decision (phase 2), Formal planning process (phase 3) and Zoning plan granted (phase 4).  
The table below shows the total area and book value of the Group's property development properties by 
planning phase as at 31 December 2020. 
 
 
Planning phase 
Ground floor 
area 
("GFA") 
building 
rights 
External 
valuation 
External 
valuation  
per m2 
 
(m2) 
(SEK 
millions) 
(SEK) 
Phase 1 – Projects concepts ........................................................................  
964,525 
704 
729 
Phase 2 – Pending planning decision..........................................................  
107,000 
46 
432 
Phase 3 - Formal planning process .............................................................  
855,453 
1,563 
1,827 
Phase 4 – Zoning plan granted ...................................................................  
590,795 
999 
1,691 
Total ..........................................................................................................  
2,517,773 
3,312 
1,315

--- Page 102 ---
- 93 - 
The table below shows the split by square metres of the building rights (i) that have been sold, but had not 
yet closed as of 31 December 2020 and (ii) that had not been sold as of that date. 
 
Sales Status 
GFA 
building 
rights 
Value 
Value per m2 
 
(m2) 
(SEK millions) 
(SEK) 
Sold, but not closed building rights .....................................................  
416,600 
1,429 
3,431 
Unsold building rights .........................................................................  
2,101,173 
7,192 
3,423 
Total ...................................................................................................  
2,517,773 
8,622 
3,424 
 
Joint Ventures  
To contribute to urban development and to secure production resources, SBB has entered into separate joint 
ventures with buyers of the building rights for the development of the building rights and in some cases 
joint ventures to jointly develop building rights. SBB assesses the profit potential in these cooperative 
arrangements at around SEK 1.4 billion less SBB's own investment in the building rights. This profit 
potential is in addition to described surplus values with regard to building right development. In the joint 
ventures, SBB takes limited implementation risk in that the other joint venture party takes responsibility 
for project planning, sales, production and project management. The profit potential of around SEK 1.4 
billion relates to one development cycle and has not been taken into account in any part of the account 
closing. 
Investments / Renovations 
Investments and renovations are an important part of SBB's value-creating management, with an assessed 
target of 600 renovated apartments per year. In 2020, SBB renovated 695 apartments and at year-end, 164 
apartments had terminated leases to be able to be renovated in the first quarter of 2021.  
In addition to renovations of apartments, SBB has a larger volume of remodelling projects and tenant 
adaptations involving the company’s community service properties. The total volume of these projects is 
approximately SEK 2,287m. The profit target for renovations, remodelling and extensions is SEK 600m 
per year. 
Acquisition and transfer agreements 
In acquisition agreements, the seller regularly provides certain fixed-term guarantees regarding the property 
sold and the acquired company. In cases where a company within the Group sells properties and companies, 
warranty claims may be brought by the buyer regarding any damage that has arisen. Historically, no 
material warranty claims have been brought against the Group and no claims under any guarantees are 
currently outstanding. See "Risk Factors—Risks relating to acquisitions and company integration". 
Registered ownership (Sw. lagfart) has been received for all properties acquired by the Group.  
Commercial leases 
As of 31 December 2020, the Group had commercial lease agreements primarily for its community services 
properties and residual commercial premises in lower floors and development properties used as offices, 
warehouses or industrial spaces. Most of the Group's commercial leases are based on the Swedish Property 
Federation's (Sw. Fastighetsägarna) standard agreements or similar standards in the other Nordic countries 
and are subject to annual rent adjustments tied to changes to the consumer price index. The agreements 
usually contain appendices with specific provisions for the relevant lease and the term of the leases are 
usually three to five years with a termination notice period of nine months. 
Distributor agreements 
Other than financing costs, the Group's most significant expenses are related to its ordinary property costs, 
including, inter alia, costs of heating, waste disposal and continuous maintenance. The Group does not 
consider any individual distributor agreement relating to property costs to be material. For administrative 
services, SBB has entered into a significant agreement with Newsec Asset Management AB.

--- Page 103 ---
- 94 - 
Except for the agreements mentioned above SBB is not a party to any material agreements outside of the 
ordinary course of business which could result in an entity within the Group having a right or an 
obligation that could materially affect SBB's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Recent Developments 
As at 31 December 2020 SBB held 37 per cent. of the total votes and shares in Offentliga Hus i Norden AB 
(publ) ("Offentliga Hus") and had agreements in place to acquire further shares subject to competition 
approval. On 17 February 2021 the Swedish Competition Authority announced its approval of the 
acquisition of Offentliga Hus. SBB also made a mandatory public offer of combined cash and shares on 20 
January 2021, which ended on 29 April 2021, as well as acquiring shares in the market. On 3 May 2021, 
SBB announced that it controlled 98.0 per cent. of the total votes and shares in Offentliga Hus for 
consideration totalling SEK 3.9 billion. 
In January 2021, SBB issued an unsecured bond of EUR 600m. The bond has a two-year term with buyback 
rights after approximately one year and bears a variable interest rate of 3 months EURIBOR plus 60 basis 
points.  
At the Extraordinary General Meeting on 23 February 2021, a resolution was passed regarding the 
redemption of all preference shares and the introduction of a long-term incentive programme through the 
issue of warrants. SBB applied for a de-listing of the preference shares with a last day of trading of 21 April 
2021. The record date for the redemption was 23 April 2021 and payment for redemption took place on 28 
April 2021 at a redemption amount of SEK 650 per preference share. 
After the end of 2020, the company conducted an external appraisal of transactions made after the end of 
the quarter and contracts scheduled for occupancy in the next 12 months. These transactions concern 
community service properties with an average lease length of 33.8 years and a fully indexed net operating 
income of SEK 119m. The outcome of the appraisal indicates a surplus value that exceeds the 
cost/investments by SEK 1,225m.

--- Page 104 ---
- 95 - 
OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE OF SBB 
The Board, Management and Auditors 
The Board consists of seven (7) members. The registered office of each member of the Board and 
management is at SBB's address Strandvägen 1, SE-114 51 Stockholm, telephone +46 200 22 72 00. Several 
members of the Board own, either directly or indirectly, shares in SBB. Ilija Batljan is, directly and indirectly, 
the largest shareholder in SBB, which could entail a potential conflict of interest. SBB manages potential 
conflicts of interests by adhering to corporate governance rules as described in the Swedish Corporate 
Governance Code, which amongst other things includes a requirement to have a formal and openly stated 
process for deciding on remuneration of members of the Board and the executive management. In 
addition, SBB follows internal governance procedures in order to avoid conflicts of interest as far possible. 
There are no other conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the 
private interests of 
members of the Board or the management and SBB's interests. 
Board of Directors 
Lennart Schuss 
Chairman of the Board (since 2017) 
Experience: Founding partner of Catella Corporate Finance Sweden 
Other significant assignments: Previously Chairman of Gimmel Fastigheter AB and member of the Genesta 
advisory board 
Education: Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree from the Stockholm School of Economics 
(SSE) 
Ilija Batljan 
Member of the Board, CEO (since 2017) 
Experience: CEO and Founder of Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB, Deputy CEO and Head of 
Business Development at Rikshem AB 2011-2016 
Other significant assignments: Chairman of Cryptzone Group AB 
Education: Ph.D. in Social Work (demographics, health care and long-term care for the elderly), Stockholm 
University. BA Economics, Stockholm University 
Sven-Olof Johansson 
Member of the Board (since 2017) 
Experience: CEO and founder of FastPartner AB (publ) 
Other significant assignments: Chairman of Compactor Fastigheter AB, board member of NCC AB (publ), 
Autoropa Aktiebolag and STC Interfinans AB 
Education: Pol.mag. from Stockholm University and Stockholm School of Economics (SSE) 
Hans Runesten 
Member of the Board (since 2014) 
Experience: Previously CEO of Effnetplattformen AB (publ) and Member of the Board of Stendörren 
Fastigheter AB (publ) 
Other significant assignments: Chairman of Effnetplattformen AB (publ) 
Education: BSc Economics and Business from Stockholm University

--- Page 105 ---
- 96 - 
Fredrik Svensson 
Member of the Board (since 2018) 
Experience: Chairman of the Board at Arvid Svensson Invest AB and CEO at Aktiebolaget Arvid Svensson 
Other significant assignments: Member of the Board of Balder AB 
Education: Degree of Master of Science in Business and Economics, Linköping University 
Eva Swartz Grimaldi 
Member of the Board (since 2017) 
Experience: Chairman of Norstedts Förlagsgrupp AB, Doberman AB, Apotea AB, Eva Swartz Grimaldi 
Consulting AB and Doberman Group AB. Board member of Richard Swartz AB 
Education: Fil. kand. in Language - Spanish, French and Italian - and in Humanities 
Anne-Grete Strøm-Erichsen 
Member of the Board (since 2017) 
Experience: Partner in Rud Pedersen Public Affairs Norge AS and Chairman of Dips AS 
Other significant assignments: Norwegian Minister of Defense 2005-2009, 2012-2013, Norwegian 
Minister of Health 2009-2012 
Education: South Dakota School of Mines & Technology 1980-1981, further education in Statistics. 
Bachelor in Engineering from Bergen Technical School (University of Bergen) 1974 
The CEO is appointed by the Board and is responsible for the ongoing management of SBB and the Group's 
operations in accordance with the Board's instructions and regulations. The division of responsibilities 
between the CEO and the Board is stated in the Board's rules of procedure and the Board prepared CEO's 
instructions. The CEO acts as the chairman of the management team and makes decisions in consultation 
with the executive management team. This consists of seven people, in addition to Ilija Batljan (CEO): 
Krister Karlsson (Deputy CEO, Property Development Manager), Lars Thagesson (Deputy CEO and 
COO), Eva-Lotta Stridh (CFO), Rosel Ragnarsson (Head of Finance), Oscar Lekander (Business 
Development Manager), Annika Ekström (Head of Property Management) and Viktor Mandel (Head of 
Sveafastigheter). 
Management 
Ilija Batljan – CEO (since 2016) 
Lars Thagesson – Deputy CEO and COO (since 2018) 
Krister Karlsson – Deputy CEO and Property Development Manager (since 2016) 
Eva-Lotta Stridh – CFO (since 2016) 
Rosel Ragnarsson – Head of Finance (since 2017) 
Oscar Lekander –Business Development Manager (since 2016)  
Annika Ekström – Head of Property Management (since 2019) 
Viktor Mandel – Head of Sveafastigheter (since 2020) 
Auditors 
The auditors are responsible for the audit of SBB's financial accounts and accounting, as well as the Board 
and executive management's conduct and management. At the annual general meeting of SBB held on 5

--- Page 106 ---
- 97 - 
May 2021 (the "AGM"), the registered accounting firm Ernst & Young AB was elected auditor for the 
period until the Annual General Meeting in 2022. Authorised Public Accountant Mikael Ikonen was 
elected as auditor-in-charge. In addition, Ingemar Rindstig is the individually elected auditor with Gabriel 
Novella as deputy. 
The auditors shall report to the Audit Committee on significant errors in the field of accounting and in the 
event of suspicions of irregularities. The auditors must report to the Board at least one to two times a year, 
with their observations following the audit of SBB and its assessment of SBB's internal control. 
The auditors also participate in the AGM and describes the audit work and the observations made. In 
addition to the audit assignment, Ernst & Young AB has been hired for additional services in 2017, mainly 
tax and accounting issues, but also share issuances. 
Board Committees 
The Board currently has three committees: an Audit Committee, a Remuneration Committee and a 
Sustainability Committee. The members of each committee are appointed for one year at the statutory 
Board meeting. The work and the committee's decision-making rights are governed by the annual committee 
instructions. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee is responsible for monitoring SBB's financial reporting and the effectiveness of SBB's 
internal control and risk management. The Audit Committee is also informed of the annual report and 
consolidated accounts. The Audit Committee reviews and monitors the auditors' independence and 
integrity, and in particular follows up if the auditor provides SBB with any other services. The Audit 
Committee also supports proposals for the AGM's decision on auditor's election. 
According to the Code, the Audit Committee shall consist of at least three members, of which the majority 
shall be independent in relation to SBB and Group management and at least one independent in relation to 
SBB's majority shareholders. The Audit Committee currently consists of the entire Board and Audit 
Committee meetings remain an integral part of the Board's work. 
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee prepares questions regarding remuneration principles of the CEO and other 
senior executives, and in accordance with remuneration principles, it prepares an individual remuneration 
proposal for the CEO for decision by the Board. 
These principles include: inter alia, the ratio between fixed and possible variable remuneration, the 
relationship between performance and remuneration, the main conditions for any bonus and incentive 
programmes, the main conditions for non-monetary benefits, retirement, termination and severance pay. 
The CEO also applies to the Board to determine remuneration and other terms of employment. However, 
decisions on share-related incentive programmes for Group management are addressed at the AGM. The 
Remuneration Committee further assists the Board in monitoring SBB's compliance with the law, stock 
exchange rules and the code of provisions regarding disclosure of any information that has been given to the 
CEO and other senior executives. The Remuneration Committee also has to follow and evaluate any ongoing 
and completed programmes for variable remuneration and the application of guidelines for the CEO and 
other senior executives, the latter of which is decided at the AGM, in addition to applicable remuneration 
structures and levels. The Remuneration Committee consists of Board members Eva Swartz Grimaldi 
(Chairman) and Lennart Schuss, who are considered independent in relation to SBB and 
Group 
management. 
Sustainability Committee 
The Sustainability Committee is responsible for reviewing and monitoring the continuity and progress of 
SBB’s sustainability goals, the management of sustainability risks and the compliance with a sustainability 
policy and the Group's Code of Conduct. The Sustainability Committee consists of Sven-Olof Johansson 
(Chairman), Eva Swartz Grimaldi and Mats Andersson (external member), who was previously the CEO 
of the Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund (AP4).

--- Page 107 ---
- 98 - 
Internal Control of Reporting and Risk Management 
SBB's internal control of financial reporting is designed to manage risks and ensure high reliability in the 
processes of preparing financial statements and to ensure compliance with applicable accounting 
requirements and other requirements for SBB as a listed company. The Board is responsible for the internal 
control of SBB regarding financial reporting. SBB follows the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of 
the Treadway Commissions (COSO) framework to evaluate an enterprise's internal control over the 
financial reporting, Internal Control - Integrated Framework, which consists of the following five 
components: control environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and communication 
as well as follow-up. 
Holdings 
Insofar as it is known to SBB, the following persons, have direct or indirect holdings amounting to five per 
cent. or more of the shares or voting rights in respect of SBB as at 31 March 2021.  
Further, insofar as it is known to SBB, the following Board members and members of executive 
management, have direct or indirect holdings (including holdings by any related parties) of the shares or 
voting rights in respect of SBB as at 31 March 2021. 
 
 
Shares 
per cent. 
 
A  
B  
D  
Preference  
of capital 
of votes 
Shareholder 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders with holdings that exceed 5 per cent. of the shares or the votes 
Ilija Batljan (private and through company)  ............................ 
109,053,868 
19,195,259 
530,000 
- 
8.46 
32.54 
AB Arvid Svensson .................................................................. 
42,444,700 
23,144,429 
- 
- 
4.31 
13.12 
Dragfast AB .............................................................................. 
36,163,467 
59,412,502 
- 
- 
6.28 
12.34 
Sven-Olof Johansson ................................................................ 
22,315,456 
31,081,315 
- 
- 
3.51 
7.45 
Länsförsäkringar ....................................................................... 
- 
90,029,574 
- 
- 
5.91 
2.64 
 
 
 
 
Shares 
 
A  
B  
D  
Preference  
Shareholder 
 
 
 
 
Board members and members of executive management holdings (including holdings by any related parties) 
Ilija Batljan (private and through company)  ..  
109,053,868 
19,195,259 
530,000 
- 
Fredrik Svensson (through AB Arvid Svensson) ............................... 
42,444,700 
23,144,429 
- 
- 
Sven-Olof Johansson ...............................................................................  
22,315,456 
31,081,315 
- 
- 
Lars Thagesson ................................................................................. 
- 
10,635,355 
520,000 
- 
Lennart Schuss  ................................................................................. 
- 
20,253,334 
380,000 
- 
Krister Karlsson ................................................................................ 
- 
5,103,589 
560 
- 
Oscar Lekander ................................................................................. 
- 
7,591,003 
275,500 
- 
Rosel Ragnarsson .............................................................................. 
- 
724,844 
- 
- 
Eva-Lotta Stridh ................................................................................ 
- 
886,348 
- 
- 
Annika Ekström ................................................................................ 
- 
84,000 
- 
- 
Viktor Mandel ................................................................................... 
- 
375,000 
- 
- 
Hans Runesten .................................................................................. 
- 
5,200,258 
- 
- 
Eva-Swatrz Grimaldi ......................................................................... 
- 
932,138 
- 
- 
 
Control Environment 
The distribution and delegation of responsibility for internal control functions have been documented and 
communicated to the Board and SBB under the following documents: 
• 
The Board of Directors Rules of Procedure 
• 
Instructions to the CEO 
• 
Delegation Scheme 
• 
Attestation Rules 
• 
Other internal control documents (for example, the Financial Policy and Business Policies)

--- Page 108 ---
- 99 - 
All internal control documents are regularly updated following changes, for example, in legislation, 
accounting standards or listing requirements, and when otherwise needed. 
Risk Assessment 
In accordance with the rules of procedure, the Board and the Audit Committee review SBB's internal 
controls once a year. Risks are identified and measures are taken to reduce these risks. The Chief Auditor 
is invited to detail its report on internal control at a Board meeting and to the Audit Committee. The 
significant risks SBB has previously identified are errors in accounting and valuation of the properties, credit 
risks, refinancing risks, interest rate risks, taxes and VAT, as well as the risk of fraud, loss or 
misappropriation of assets. 
Control Activities 
SBB has a risk management policy in place. SBB's financial system is structured so that the entering into 
agreements and the payment of invoices must follow the decision-making, corporate and attestation 
rights specified in the internal control documents. This control structure seeks to counteract and prevent the 
risks identified by SBB. In addition to these control structures, a number of control activities are 
undertaken to further detect and correct errors and discrepancies. Such control activities consist of 
follow-up at various levels of the organisation, such as: reconciliation of the Board resolutions, review and 
comparison of profit and loss accounts, account reconciliation and approval and accounting of business 
transactions within the finance department. 
Employees 
The Group had 264 full-time employees as of 31 December 2020 as well as 13 part-time employees. 
Approximately 85 per cent. of the Group's employees are focused on property management and 15 per cent. 
are focused on property development or other Group functions (such as finance and business development). 
The following table shows the average number of full-time employees of the Group in each location in 
which the Group operates during 2019 and 2020. 
 
As of 
31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
Sweden .................................................................................................................................  
118 
220 
Norway .................................................................................................................................  
4 
19 
Finland .................................................................................................................................  
1 
6 
Total ....................................................................................................................................  
123 
245 
 
Sustainability Strategy and Targets 2030 
Sustainability is part of SBB's business model. SBB has set up a sustainability vision for 2020-2030 and a 
sustainability policy for the concrete implementation of the targets and the vision. Concrete goals within 
the different focus areas have been formulated in line with the global sustainable development goals 
adopted at the United Nations ("UN") summit in September 2015 and the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable 
Development. SBB's sustainability vision, targets and policy are adopted by the Board of Directors and 
continuously followed up by the CEO together with the Head of Sustainability. 
SBB's targets are: 
• 
Governing SBB's operations in line with the UN global sustainable development goals 
• 
100 per cent. climate neutral by 2030 
• 
Minimizing the risks to the Group's assets by continuously reviewing the climate risks in the 
property portfolio 
• 
Regularly improving, following up and reporting SBB's sustainability work 
• 
The Group's Code of Conduct, which is based on the UN Global Compact, must be followed and 
understood by all employees and cooperative partners.

--- Page 109 ---
- 100 - 
Sustainable Financing Framework 
On 16 November 2020, SBB established a sustainable financing framework (the "Sustainable Financing 
Framework") for the issue of green, social or sustainability bonds (replacing its previous Green Bond 
Framework). The Sustainable Financing Framework is in line with the Green Bond Principles ("GBP"), 
Social Bond Principles ("SBP") and Sustainability Bond Guidelines ("SBG") developed by the 
International Capital Market Association. SBB commissioned and received an independent valuation by 
ISS-ESG of the Sustainable Financing Framework and associated steering documents and routines for 
assessing the environmental and societal impact of the projects. 
By setting up the Sustainable Financing Framework SBB offers investors further insights into its 
environmental and socially-focused strategy and commitments and thereby an opportunity for its investors 
to support those commitments. The Sustainable Financing Framework is aligned with the following four 
recommended components of the GBP, SBP and SBG: Use of Proceeds, Process for Project/Asset 
Evaluation and Selection, Management of Proceeds and Reporting. As such the Sustainable Financing 
Framework may be updated from time to time to reflect current market practices and potential updates in 
the GBP, SBP and SBG. 
The Sustainable Financing Framework, together with the second party opinion by ISS ESG, are publicly 
available at SBB's website: https://corporate.sbbnorden.se/en/sustainability/ (but have not been 
incorporated in, and do not form part of, this Base Prospectus).

--- Page 110 ---
- 101 - 
TAXATION 
Certain Swedish tax considerations 
The following is a general description of certain Swedish tax consequences relating to the acquisition, 
ownership and disposal of Notes. The summary is based on Swedish tax legislation currently in effect and 
is only intended to provide general information. Consequently, the summary is not exhaustive and does not 
address all potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be relevant for a prospective purchaser of Notes 
and the summary is neither intended nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. The summary does for 
example not cover (i) Notes held as current assets in a business operation, (ii) Notes held via a capital 
insurance policy (Sw. kapitalförsäkring), (iii) Notes held on an investment savings account (Sw. 
investeringssparkonto), or (iv) taxation of foreign exchange gains and losses in connection with an 
investment in the Notes. Special tax rules apply to certain categories of taxpayers, such as investment 
companies and insurance companies. These rules are not described in this summary. 
Also, the summary does not cover the rules on reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. 
Since the tax treatment of each Holder depends on the Holder's particular circumstances, each prospective 
purchaser of Notes should consult a tax adviser regarding the specific tax consequences that may arise in 
the individual case, including the applicability and effect of foreign tax rules and tax treaties. 
Resident Holders of Notes 
As used herein, a resident Holder means a Holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident in 
Sweden for tax purposes, or (b) an entity organised under the laws of Sweden or which is otherwise resident 
in Sweden for tax purposes.  
Generally, for Swedish companies and individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) that are resident 
Holders of Notes, all income on Notes (for example income that is considered as interest for Swedish tax 
purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. For companies the tax rate is currently 20.6 per cent 
and for individuals the tax rate is 30 per cent. Capital losses on listed Notes are fully deductible, for 
individuals however, only against taxable income in the capital income category. Should a net loss arise in 
this income category, a reduction is granted of the tax on income from employment and business operations 
as well as property tax. This tax reduction is 30 percent of the net loss that does not exceed SEK 100 000 
and 21 percent of any remaining net loss. A net loss cannot be carried forward to future tax years. 
Swedish preliminary tax shall be withheld at a rate of 30 per cent in relation to payments of amounts on the 
Notes that are considered as interest for Swedish tax purposes to resident Holders that are individuals (or 
estates of deceased individuals). Otherwise, no Swedish preliminary tax should be withheld in relation to 
payments on the Notes. 
Non-resident Holders of Notes 
As used herein, a non-resident Holder means a Holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not resident 
in Sweden for tax purposes, or (b) an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden and which is not 
otherwise resident in Sweden for tax purposes. 
Payments of principal, premium or interest in respect of the Notes to a non-resident Holder of Notes should 
not be subject to Swedish income tax provided that such Holder does not have a Permanent establishment 
in Sweden to which the Notes are effectively connected. Also, no Swedish withholding tax should be levied 
on payments of principal, premium or interest in respect of the Notes to a non-resident Holder of Notes. 
 The Holders may, however, be subject to tax in the country where they are resident for tax purposes. 
Certain Finnish tax considerations 
The following is a general description of certain Finnish tax consequences relating to the acquisition, 
ownership and disposal of Notes. The summary is based on Finnish tax legislation currently in effect and 
is only intended to provide general information. Consequently, the summary is not exhaustive and does not 
address all potential aspects of Finnish taxation that may be relevant for a prospective purchaser of Notes 
and the summary is neither intended nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. The summary does for 
example not cover (i) Notes held as current assets in a business operation, (ii) Notes held via a capital 
insurance policy (Fi. henkivakuutus), or (iii) taxation of foreign exchange gains and losses in connection

--- Page 111 ---
- 102 - 
with an investment in the Notes. Special tax rules apply to certain categories of taxpayers, such as non-
profit organizations and insurance companies. These rules are not described in this summary. 
Also, the summary does not cover the rules on reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. 
Since the tax treatment of each Holder depends on the Holder's particular circumstances, each prospective 
purchaser of Notes should consult a tax adviser regarding the specific tax consequences that may arise in 
the individual case, including the applicability and effect of foreign tax rules and tax treaties. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments made by SBB under the Notes may be made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes 
of whatsoever nature imposed, levied withheld or assessed by Finland. 
All payments made by SBBT under the Notes can be subject to withholding or deduction for taxes withheld 
or assessed by Finland as stated below. 
Finnish Resident Individual Holders of Notes 
Interest paid on the Notes to a resident individual or an undistributed estate of a deceased Finnish resident 
is subject either to final tax at source, currently 30 per cent., or to advance withholding tax, which rate is 
currently 30 per cent. In the former case the tax at source is final tax and no tax returns are to be filed by 
the resident individual. In the latter case, the resident individual is liable to declare the received interest in 
the annual tax return. The final capital income tax rate is 30 per cent. (34 per cent. of the capital income 
exceeding EUR 30,000).  
Capital gains are currently taxed at a rate of 30 per cent. (34 per cent. of the capital income exceeding EUR 
30,000). Generally, a capital loss is deductible against income arising in the same year and during the 
following five years.  
Finnish Resident Corporations Holders of Notes 
If the recipient of interest paid on the Notes is a corporation residing in Finland as further defined in the 
Finnish Income Tax Act, such interest is not subject to any preliminary withholding. The interest is subject 
to final taxation of the recipient in accordance with the Finnish Business Income Tax Act (24.6.1968/360, 
as amended). The current rate of corporate income tax is 20 per cent.   
Capital gains are currently taxed at a flat rate of 20 per cent. Generally, a capital loss is deductible from the 
resident corporations’ income arising in the same year and during the following ten fiscal years.  
Non-Resident Holders of Note 
As used herein, a non-resident Holder means a Holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not resident 
in Finland for tax purposes, or (b) an entity not organised under the laws of Finland and which is not 
otherwise resident in Finland for tax purposes. Payments of principal, premium or interest in respect of the 
Notes to a non-resident Holder of Notes should not be subject to Finnish income tax provided that such 
Holder does not have a Permanent establishment in Finland to which the Notes are effectively connected. 
Also, no Finnish withholding tax should be levied on payments of principal, premium or interest in respect 
of the Notes to a non-resident Holder of Notes. The Holders may, however, be subject to tax in the country 
where they are resident for tax purposes. 
Transfer Tax 
Generally, the transfer tax amounting 1.6 per cent is payable on transfers or sales of the securities. However, 
the Notes are not classified as securities within the meaning of the Finnish Transfer Tax Act 
(29.11.1996/931, as amended) and, thus, transfer tax is not payable. 
FATCA Disclosure 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments

--- Page 112 ---
- 103 - 
it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or 
related requirements. Each Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Sweden and Finland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions 
and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the 
date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal 
Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a 
fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the 
date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if 
additional Notes (as described under Condition 16 (Further Issues)) that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
The proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 113 ---
- 104 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an Amended and Restated Programme Agreement (such Amended and Restated 
Programme Agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
"Programme Agreement") dated 14 May 2021, agreed with the Issuers and the Guarantor a basis upon 
which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend 
to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the 
Programme Agreement, the Issuers (failing which, the Guarantor) have agreed to reimburse the Dealers for 
certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and 
the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by 
them in connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable 
Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche 
of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or drawdown prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto (or are subject to the offering contemplated by a drawdown prospectus, as the case may 
be) to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 114 ---
- 105 - 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms (or drawdown prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the 
European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a drawdown prospectus, as the 
case may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in that Member State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall 
require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended. 
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or drawdown prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme shall be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a drawdown prospectus, as the case 
may be) to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 115 ---
- 106 - 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms (or drawdown prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme shall be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a drawdown prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in the United Kingdom except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, provided that no 
such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit

--- Page 116 ---
- 107 - 
of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise 
in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (a "Belgian Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred 
or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and 
will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents 
in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Sweden 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or purchase or 
issue invitations to subscribe for or buy Notes or distribute any draft or definitive document in relation to 
any such offer, invitation or sale except in circumstances that will not result in a requirement to prepare a 
prospectus for an offer to the public pursuant to the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or

--- Page 117 ---
- 108 - 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Finland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not underwrite the issue of, or offer, sell advertise or otherwise 
market or place the Notes, in the Republic of Finland otherwise than in conformity with all applicable 
provisions of the laws of the Republic of Finland and especially in compliance with the Prospectus 
Regulation and the Finnish Securities Markets Act (in Finnish arvopaperimarkkinalaki 746/2012, as 
amended) as well as the regulations issued pursuant thereto and that any offers of the Notes in Finland will 
only be made in accordance with the restrictions and qualifications as set forth above in "Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors". 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuers, 
the Guarantor nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 118 ---
- 109 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and update of the Programme, the issue of Notes and, in the case of SBB only, the giving 
of the Guarantee have been duly authorised, as applicable, by (a) resolutions of the Board of Directors of 
SBB dated 24 April 2019, 12 February 2020, 13 July 2020 and 10 May 2021, and (b) resolutions of the 
Board of Directors of SBBT dated 21 July 2020 and 10 May 2021. 
Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 
twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin 
and to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. The approval of the Programme in respect of the 
Notes was granted on or about 14 May 2021. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin or to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection in electronic form from: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents of each of SBB and SBBT (with an English translation thereof) 
(https://corporate.sbbnorden.se/en/articles-of-association/); 
(b) 
the 2019 Financial Statements, together with the auditors' report in connection therewith, the 2020 
Financial Statements, together with the auditors' report in connection therewith and the Unaudited 
Q1 2021 Financial Statements. SBB currently prepares audited consolidated accounts on an annual 
basis (https://corporate.sbbnorden.se/en/reports-and-presentations/);  
(c) 
the most recently published financial statements of SBB and SBBT (if any) together with any audit 
or review reports prepared in connection therewith. SBB currently prepares unaudited interim 
accounts on a quarterly basis (https://corporate.sbbnorden.se/en/reports-and-presentations/);  
(d) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee, the forms of the Global 
Notes, 
the 
Notes 
in 
definitive 
form, 
the 
Coupons 
and 
the 
Talons 
(https://corporate.sbbnorden.se/en/emtn-programme/); 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus (https://corporate.sbbnorden.se/en/emtn-programme/); and 
(f) 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms 
to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference 
(https://corporate.sbbnorden.se/en/emtn-programme/ and https://corporate.sbbnorden.se/en/final-
terms/). 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through 
an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 119 ---
- 110 - 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of SBBT, SBB or 
the Group since 31 March 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of SBBT 
or SBB since 31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened, of which the Issuers or the Guarantor are aware), which may have, or have had 
during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Group. 
Auditors 
Ernst & Young AB of Box 7850, SE-103 99 Stockholm, Kingdom of Sweden, regulated by the Supervisory 
Board of Accountants in the Kingdom of Sweden (Revisorsnämnden) and a member of FAR (the institute 
for the accountancy profession in the Kingdom of Sweden (Föreningen Auktoriserade Revisorer)) have 
audited without qualification the consolidated financial statements of SBB, prepared in accordance with 
IFRS, for each of the financial years ended on 31 December 2019 and 2020 and have given, and have not 
withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their unqualified audit reports in this Base Prospectus in the 
form and context in which it is included. The auditors of SBB have no material interest in SBB. 
Ernst & Young Oy of Alvar Aallon katu 5 C, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland have been appointed as 
independent auditors of SBBT. The auditors of SBBT have no material interest in SBBT. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers and the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers (including for the avoidance of doubt their branches) and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for the Issuers and the Guarantor and their respective affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers (including for the avoidance of doubt their branches) 
and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, 
related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies 
on behalf of the Issuers and the Guarantor and their respective affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in 
order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers (including for the avoidance of 
doubt their branches) and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade 
debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities 
may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers and the Guarantor or their respective affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers (including for the avoidance of doubt their branches) or their affiliates that have a 
lending relationship with the Issuers and the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers 
and the Guarantor consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
(including for the avoidance of doubt their branches) and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of 
short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers 
(including for the avoidance of doubt their branches) and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 120 ---
- 111 - 
Websites 
SBB's and SBBT's website is https://corporate.sbbnorden.se/en/. For the avoidance of doubt, the content of 
any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Language of this Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 121 ---
ISSUER 
SBB Treasury Oyj 
Newsec Asset Management Oy  
PL 52, 00101  
Helsinki  
Finland  
ISSUER AND GUARANTOR 
Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ) 
Strandvägen 1 
SE-114 51 Stockholm 
Kingdom of Sweden 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to Finnish 
law 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to Swedish 
law 
HPP Attorneys Ltd 
Bulevardi 1 A  
00100 Helsinki 
Finland 
Törngren Magnell & Partners Advokatfirma 
KB 
Jakobs Torg 3  
SE- 11152 Stockholm 
Kingdom of Sweden 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to English law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS 
To SBB 
 
Ernst & Young AB 
Box 7850 
SE-103 99 Stockholm 
Kingdom of Sweden 
 
To SBBT 
 
Ernst & Young Oy 
Alvar Aallon katu 5 C 
FI-00100 Helsinki 
Finland

--- Page 122 ---
DEALERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Danske Bank A/S  
Holmens Kanal 2-12 
DK – 1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
0191 Oslo 
Norway 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
England 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
Helsinki 
FI – 00020 Nordea 
Finland 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland