--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
30 June 2023  
 
 
 
SCANIA CV AB (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Sweden) 
€5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
SCANIA AB (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Sweden) 
 
On 23 November 2001, Scania CV AB (publ) (the Issuer) established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) and 
issued a Base Prospectus on that date describing the Programme. Any Notes (as defined below) issued under the Programme on or after the date of 
this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described herein. This does not affect Notes issued prior to the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Under this Programme the Issuer may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The payments of all amounts due in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Scania AB (publ) (the 
Guarantor). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of the Programme” 
and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an 
issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer or Guarantor or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes.  
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
This Base Prospectus will be available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) for a period of ten years from the date 
hereof. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid until 30 June 2024, being 12 months from its date in 
relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or offered to the public 
in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) 
and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to 
be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in 
connection with Exempt Notes. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will (other 
than in the case of Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect 
of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document 
(the Pricing Supplement). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed, or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges 
or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not 
admitted to trading on any market.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any U.S. 
State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and the Programme have been rated BBB (long term borrowing) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P). 
S&P is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation).  As such, S&P is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  S&P is not established in the United 
Kingdom (the UK) and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). As such, the ratings issued by S&P have been endorsed by S&P 
Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn.  S&P Global Ratings UK Limited is 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be 
treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation and/or the UK 
CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes).  A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.   
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more benchmarks (the Programme Benchmarks) for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (as amended, the Benchmarks 
Regulation). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) will indicate 
whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the 
Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be). The registration status of any administrator under the 
Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.  
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
 
Danske Bank 
Deutsche Bank 
SEB 
Swedbank AB

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation.  When used in this Base 
Prospectus, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and “UK Prospectus Regulation” means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1159 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantor (each having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the 
case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission 
likely to affect its import. 
Certain information under the heading “Rating” in the “General Description of the Programme” section 
has been extracted from the website of S&P. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by S&P, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read 
and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.   
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or the Guarantor in connection 
with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or the Guarantor in connection 
with the Programme or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by a Dealer or on its behalf in 
connection with the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the issue and offering of any Notes and accordingly disclaims all 
and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might 
otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility for 
any social, environmental and sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds (as defined herein) 
or makes any representation or warranty or assurance as to whether such Notes will meet any investor 
expectations or requirements regarding such “green” or similar labels. None of the Arranger, the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Green 
Projects (as defined in the risk factor entitled "In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such 
as a Green Bond, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of 
an investor"), any verification of whether the Green Projects  meet any eligibility criteria set out in the Green 
Bond Framework (as defined in the risk factor entitled "In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of 
proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the 
investment criteria of an investor", below),) nor are responsible for the use or allocation of proceeds (or amounts 
equal thereto) for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds or the 
allocation of the proceeds to particular Green Projects. The Green Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion 
(as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus) and any public reporting by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in respect of the application of proceeds will be available on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.scania.com/group/en/home/investors/bondholders/green-bond-framework.html 
but, 
for 
the 
avoidance of doubt, will not be incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. None of the Arranger, 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates make any representation as to the suitability or content of such 
materials. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated 
“green” or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or 
assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime 
of the Notes.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue 
of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of the Dealers 
to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer and/or the Guarantor is correct 
at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes issued under the Programme of any information 
coming to their attention. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may 
come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Sweden, Belgium and France), 
the UK, Singapore and Japan, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Notes with a 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) only in circumstances where there 
is an exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus.  As a result, any 
offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA must be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or 
intending to make an offer of Notes in that Member State may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such 
offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus 
for such offer. 
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers or 
any affiliate of the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be 
made by that Dealer or its affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction.  
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors”, the 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled UK MiFIR Product Governance which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as 
applicable), all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
• 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; 
• 
SEK refer to Swedish Kronor; 
• 
BRL refer to the Brazilian real; 
• 
Sterling, GBP and £ refer to pounds sterling;  
• 
RUB refer to Russian Rouble; and 
• 
euro, Euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as 
amended.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
To supplement its consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with International 
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), the Group uses certain performance measures included or referred to in this 
Base Prospectus (including, without limitation, in the annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022 of the Guarantor (the “Guarantor Annual Report 2022”) and the interim report for the three months ended 
31 March 2023 of the Guarantor (the “Q1 2023 Interim Report”) each incorporated by reference) that would be 
considered Alternative Performance Measures (“APMs”) as defined in the ESMA Guidelines. These measures 
are considered useful to investors to enhance their understanding of the Group’s financial performance. The 
APMs should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information presented in 
compliance with IFRS. An explanation of each APM's components and calculation method can be found at page 
140 (incorporated by reference herein) of the Guarantor Annual Report 2022. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final 
Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes 
at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
i. 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
ii. 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
iii. 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor’s currency;

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
iv. 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
v. 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Important Information ..................................................................................................................................................... 3 
General Description of the Programme........................................................................................................................... 9 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................................13 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ..........................................................................................................................30 
Form of the Notes ..........................................................................................................................................................32 
Applicable Final Terms..................................................................................................................................................34 
Applicable Pricing Supplement .....................................................................................................................................45 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ................................................................................................................................55 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................................79 
Description of the Guarantor..........................................................................................................................................80 
Overview of Financial Information of Scania AB .........................................................................................................83 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................................87 
Overview of Financial Information of the Scania CV AB Group ..................................................................................91 
Taxation .........................................................................................................................................................................95 
Subscription and Sale .....................................................................................................................................................97 
General Information .....................................................................................................................................................101

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have 
the same meanings in this description. 
Issuer: 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
Scania CV AB (publ) 
529900BZYSUQLQSPNR07 
Guarantor: 
Guarantor Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
Scania AB (publ) 
52990000AKKX75BMWB43 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealers: 
Danske Bank A/S  
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply with 
such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements 
from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale”) including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of 
less than one year: 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of prohibition on accepting deposits contained in Section 19 
FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and 
have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
 
Under the Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses relating to money market 
instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months and complying 
also with the definition of securities are not subject to the approval 
provisions stated therein. 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
€5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described 
under “General Description of the Programme”) outstanding at any time. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may increase the amount of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each 
case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may be 
denominated in any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. See also “Notes having a maturity of less than one 
year” above. 
Issue Price: 
Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is at 
par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of the Notes”.  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the basis of a 
reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
Benchmark Event: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or any 
component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the original 
benchmark specified in the relevant Final Terms, then such rate of interest 
may be substituted (subject to certain conditions) with a successor or 
alternative rate with the application of an adjustment spread (which could 
be positive, negative or zero) and with consequent amendment to the terms 
of such Series of Notes as described in the Terms and Conditions. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note which 
is not an Exempt Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at least at 100 per 
cent. of its nominal value on its scheduled maturity date. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to restrictions on 
their denomination and distribution, see “Certain Restrictions – Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year” above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Taxation: 
Negative Pledge: 
Cross Default: 
Status of the Notes: 
Rating: 
Guarantee: 
Approval, listing and 
admission to trading: 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency, see “Certain Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of 
less than one year” above and save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note (other than an Exempt Note) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for or 
on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction, subject 
as provided in Condition 7. In the event that any such deduction is made, 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 7, be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further 
described in Condition 3. 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as further 
described in Condition 9. 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and, subject 
to the provisions of Condition 3, unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
The Programme has been rated BBB by S&P. According to S&P an 
obligation rated ‘BBB’ exhibits adequate protection parameters, however, 
adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to 
lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitment 
on the obligation.    
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned 
to the Programme.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.  
The Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor. The obligations of the Guarantor under such Guarantee will be 
direct, unconditional and, subject to the provisions of Condition 3 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and will rank pari passu and (save 
for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
Guarantor, from time to time outstanding. 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base 
prospectus. Application has also been made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market. The Notes may be listed or admitted to trading on such 
other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to each Series. 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges or markets. 
 
Notes issued under the Programme which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member State 
of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation may not carry the right to acquire shares 
(or transferable securities equivalent to shares) issued by the Issuer or by 
any entity belonging to the Issuer’s group. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the EEA (including France, Belgium and Sweden), the UK, 
Singapore and Japan, and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see 
“Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer and the Guarantor may become insolvent 
or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes or under the Guarantee.  There is a wide 
range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer and the Guarantor becoming unable to 
make all payments due.  It is not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely 
to occur, as the Issuer and the Guarantor may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which they 
currently deem not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer’s 
and the Guarantor’s control.  The Issuer and the Guarantor have identified in this Base Prospectus a number of 
factors which could materially adversely affect their businesses and ability to make payments due. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT EACH OF THE ISSUER’S AND THE GUARANTOR’S ABILITY TO 
FULFIL THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE 
Risks are a natural feature of business operations and entrepreneurship, but they may have a negative 
impact on the Issuer, the Guarantor and all of its Subsidiaries (together, Scania), directly affecting business 
operations and Scania’s reputation. 
Strategic risks 
Geopolitical risks  
Scania is exposed to risks related to its international operations. Scania operates in diverse markets, some 
of which are subject to political volatility, conflict and significant human rights risk. This can adversely affect 
Scania’s ability to do business by the imposition of, or in certain cases, the elimination of, protectionist measures, 
including tariffs and other barriers to trade as well as governments or international bodies imposing sanctions on 
countries, goods and services, or persons. Furthermore, failure to comply with any sanctions could result in 
significant fines and penalties as well as considerable reputational damage. As a global company there can be no 
assurances that Scania will be able to adapt its operations to comply with such disruptions in the markets in which 
it operates or that it will be able to successfully manage conflicting sanction regulations. Failure to effectively 
manage any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on Scania’s business, its results of operation 
and financial condition. 
In recent years, the United States, the EU and China, have imposed tariffs on imports of raw materials 
including steel and aluminium. Any further tariff measures imposed on cars, raw materials or products that are 
important for Scania’s operations, may lead to higher prices on cars or the raw material or product in question, 
which Scania may be unable to pass on to consumers. Escalating trade barriers may affect the whole automotive 
industry as well as world economy more generally including key economic factors, such as GDP growth rates, 
employment levels, interest rates and inflation, in a negative manner. The increased polarisation in the global 
economy may drive further differentiation between regions and increased protectionism. This could increase costs 
for Scania with an adverse impact on profitability. Following the UK’s departure from the EU, a transition period 
lasted until 31 December 2020. On 24 December 2020, an agreement in principle was reached in relation to the 
EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the Trade and Cooperation Agreement), to govern the future 
relations between the EU and the UK following the end of the transition period. The Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement was provisionally applicable from 1 January 2021 until 30 April 2021 and formally entered into force 
on 1 May 2021, however some uncertainty remains about the nature of the relationship between the UK and the 
EU in the future. This poses a risk to Scania’s current operating model both from the current uncertainties and 
potential future business interruptions due to suppliers facing challenges in delivering to and from the UK, which 
could have a material adverse effect on Scania’s results of operation and financial condition.  
Russian Invasion of Ukraine 
On 24 February 2022, Russia began a military invasion of Ukraine. This resulted in export restrictions 
and sanctions that changed the general business situation in Russia, Belarus and Ukraine. Scania therefore decided 
to stop deliveries of trucks and parts to Russia and halted production at its St Petersburg plant.  
The prolongation of the war in Ukraine and the resulting geopolitical tensions and political uncertainty, 
together with any current or future sanctions imposed against Russia, Belarus and/or other sanctioned parties, 
might result in non-fulfilment of Scania’s existing supplier and other contracts and any such non-compliance 
could lead to financial and reputational damage.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
The imposition of counter-sanctions and political uncertainty could also lead to decreased market 
demand in the short and medium term in several important markets for Scania, resulting in decreased sales of 
Vehicles and Services and downward price pressure on new and used vehicles. This, in turn, can necessitate write-
downs of vehicle inventory and changed estimates of residual value on buy-back commitments. The war in 
Ukraine is also contributing to substantial macroeconomic consequences worldwide, including continued growth 
in inflation, higher commodities, energy, transport and raw material prices and a general economic downturn. In 
the transportation industry, the war has triggered a shortage of certain raw materials, spare parts, and components, 
and is thus compounding existing imbalances between supply and demand stemming from the coronavirus 
(COVID-19) pandemic. Rising energy prices and disruptions to supply chains have led to higher prices for raw 
materials and components as supplier production costs have risen accordingly. There is also a risk that (i) the 
supplier network could be unable to deliver components and articles, leading to shorter or longer periods of close 
down of Scania’s global production system; (ii) customers, particularly those whose businesses are dependent on 
Russian companies, facing financial problems having a reduced ability to pay outstanding receivables due to 
Scania; and (iii) impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets. The materialisation of any of the above risks 
could have a material adverse effect on Scania’s business, its results of operation and financial condition as well 
as on its customers, suppliers and partners.  
Climate transition risks 
With a central role in the ecosystem of transport and as a global player, Scania is exposed to risks 
stemming from the transition towards a low carbon economy. However, Scania’s strategic direction, which 
originates from the view of a future transport ecosystem that builds on electrified, autonomous and connected 
technologies, is directly linked to the opportunities as well as the risks stemming from climate change and its 
related implications.  
The transition risks identified by Scania include risks relevant to the technology shift, such as the move 
to battery electric vehicles, the cost of the transition to lower emissions technologies, customer demand and 
expectation and availability of components and raw materials. Transition risks also include risks related to policy 
actions such as CO2-emission legislation, carbon pricing, alternative infrastructure development (including 
charging infrastructure, renewable energy supply and availability of biofuels) and that other climate regulations 
do not fully support technology developments. The risks also include the ability to adapt to new ways of working 
with circularity, a matter considered as a key enabler for decarbonisation and for Scania’s efforts to drive the shift 
towards a sustainable transport system. For Scania, circularity involves every aspect of the business, including the 
need to reconsider the design and manufacturing of products, impact and knowledge of the value chain as well as 
development of new business models. Should Scania fail to adapt to these changes, this may have material adverse 
impact on Scania’s business, operational results and financial condition. 
In the European Union, CO2 monitoring regulations are already in effect, or will become effective in the 
future, depending on vehicle configuration, requiring heavy truck manufacturers, including Scania, to use a 
standard methodology to monitor carbon emissions and report them to authorities in EU member states. In further 
pursuit of the European Union’s goals under the Paris Agreement, the European Commission in 2018 proposed 
its first-ever regulation of CO2 emissions by heavy-duty vehicles. In 2019, representatives of the European 
Commission, the European Parliament and the European Council reached a political agreement on a new 
regulation targeting a 15 per cent. reduction in CO2 emissions by trucks above 16 tons by 2025 and a 30 per cent. 
reduction by 2030, each compared to the benchmark time period of 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020. The regulation 
contemplates very significant financial penalties per additional gram of CO2 for trucks which exceed baseline 
CO2 emissions. There can be no assurance that the Scania vehicles will meet these emission targets.  
In addition to climate change regulations, emissions standards, which seek to limit harmful pollutants 
such as nitrous oxide (NOx) from vehicle exhausts, are in effect in a number of jurisdictions. In the European 
Union, emission standards for trucks and buses are governed by the EURO VI regime, the sixth iteration of 
increasingly strict minimum standards. The European Commission published proposals for a new EURO VII 
emissions standard in November 2022 to limit harmful pollutants such as NOx or particulate matter from vehicle 
exhaust gases. 
Scania expects the regulations to be costly and challenging to implement and there can be no assurance 
that Scania will be able to comply with it in a timely and commercially viable manner, or at all. In particular, 
Scania’s ability to comply with quotas for zero- and low-emission trucks will depend on a number of factors 
relating to the market acceptance of zero- and low-emission vehicles over which Scania has limited or no control, 
including, in particular, the development of a widely-available charging infrastructure for electric trucks and road 
toll reform, as well as other factors such as governmental policies and regulations supporting the development of 
electric vehicles, for example commercially viable regulations governing testing and type approval for zero- and 
low-emission vehicles, and the availability of financial incentives for the purchase of zero- and low-emission

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
vehicles. In the event of non-compliance with the proposed regulation, the financial penalties could have a material 
adverse effect on Scania’s results of operations, financial position, reputation and prospects. 
Business development risks 
The transport industry is facing new technologies, business models, competitors, and global trends such 
as digitalisation, which combined create a highly disruptive environment. These factors are drivers in transforming 
Scania from being a heavy commercial vehicle manufacturer into a provider of transport and logistics solutions. 
This presents a risk related to Scania’s ability to respond to specific customer needs with tailored products and 
services, and the availability of technological innovations that respond to the major trends of the industry (i.e. 
connected, autonomous and electrified vehicles). 
There is a risk that Scania’s research and development activities will not be enough to achieve their 
planned objectives, including as a result of unresolved technological barriers, systems failures or human errors in 
calculating or monitoring the success of the technologies, or that competitors or joint ventures set up by 
competitors will develop solutions or technologies preferred by customers and will be able to manufacture the 
resulting products more rapidly, in larger quantities, with a higher quality and/or at a lower cost. This could lead 
to increased demand for the products of such competitors and result in a loss of market share for Scania. There is 
also a risk that the money invested in researching and developing new technologies will, to a considerable extent, 
have been spent in vain if the technologies developed or the products derived therefrom are unsuccessful in the 
market or if competitors have developed better or less expensive products. It is possible that Scania could then be 
compelled to make new investments in researching and developing other technologies to maintain existing market 
share or to regain the market share lost to competitors 
The development of new products also presents new risks, for example, the complex supply chain related 
to battery production for battery-powered vehicles involves increased social risks, for example human rights 
violations, labour issues and discrimination. In the event that any such risk materialises, this could result in 
criminal and civil liabilities for Scania as well as significant reputational damage. The development of new 
products can also present risks related to the availability of the raw material needed for these products.  
The success of Scania’s new products and services programmes also depends on a number of other 
factors, including the economy, competition, customer acceptance and the strength of Scania’s importer and dealer 
networks. There can be no assurance that Scania will be able to introduce and market its new products and services 
successfully to both current and prospective customers. Any failure to innovate and respond effectively to the 
evolving market and competition could lead to a loss of market share which could have a material adverse effect 
on Scania’s results of operation and financial condition. 
Pandemics, including COVID-19 
The COVID-19 pandemic had a material adverse effect on Scania’s business, affecting sales, production 
and supply chains and employees. The spread of COVID-19 has caused, and may continue to cause, disruptions 
in the European and global economy and the financial markets which could in turn cause widespread business 
continuity issues.  
If any future serious outbreak of COVID-19, or other viruses or diseases, occurs leading to the closure 
of plants or critical production areas or the closure is caused by official local requirement, this might have a 
material adverse effect on Scania’s production and operations. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic and the 
recovery thereafter have strained, and may continue to strain, the global supply chain. This has resulted in ongoing 
shortages in the supply of bought-in parts, as well as increasing costs for certain materials which affected Scania 
and has led to higher production costs, delivery delays and inability to meet the current demand for its products.  
COVID-19 continues to present material uncertainty and risk. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and it 
and/or any other pandemic or widespread outbreak of disease may in the future have, a material adverse effect on 
Scania’s sales revenue, net assets, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.   
Business model and strategy related risks 
There is a risk that Scania’s current business model and strategy will not support Scania to protect, create 
value or to further strengthen the value proposition for stakeholders and/or Scania’s commitment to climate and 
people. It is important to consider aspects of uncertainty, complexity and volatility in order to stay relevant to the 
society, customer, capital market and other stakeholders which the Group serves, today and in the future. If 
Scania’s strategy fails to deliver the goals set or Scania fails to anticipate and adapt to the changes in the world 
around us, it may have material adverse effects on Scania’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
In the future, Scania expects to be increasingly dependent upon the TRATON GROUP, partnerships and 
collaborative arrangements for its strategic development, which may negatively impact its ability to implement 
its strategy, may cause damage to its brand and could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and 
results of operations.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Corporate governance and policy-related risks 
Scania’s success is dependent on the good reputation and image of its brand. To this end, Scania must 
earn customers’ confidence by providing products and services that meet customer demand and appeal to 
customers’ preferences, including with respect to sustainability, innovation, quality, reliability and value (total 
cost of ownership). This also includes Scania’s ability to adapt to the ESG/non-financial reporting landscape. All 
of the above requires management to make the right strategic bets and invest in technologies, products and services 
that continue to meet customers’ requirements. Within Scania, this requires the sharing of knowledge and 
information through appropriate management structures and processes. Furthermore, suitable policies, guidelines, 
trainings and advice need to be implemented. If Scania fails to implement the correct processes and management 
structures, Scania may be unable to anticipate customer demand which could materially affect Scania’s brand and 
financial results. 
In addition, Scania’s ability to achieve the relevant targets is also dependent on assumptions relating to 
a number of external factors, including development of the market for trucks and buses, political, legal, fiscal, 
market and economic conditions, regulatory developments in the commercial vehicle industry, and tariff and wage 
increases, all of which are difficult to predict and are beyond Scania’s control. These assumptions may prove to 
be inaccurate. If Scania fails this may have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operation and 
financial condition. 
Due to the continuously evolving legal and regulatory requirements and internal developments, there can 
be no certainty that the Scania risk management systems, internal controls and compliance systems and related 
governance structures will adequately identify and address all relevant requirements. 
Financial risks 
Scania faces a number of financial risks in the ordinary course of conducting its business. Although these 
risks are managed in accordance with the financial policy adopted annually by Scania AB’s board of directors, 
there can be no assurance that such policy will be effective in successfully managing these risks. 
Ratings risk related to the TRATON GROUP and the Volkswagen Group (refinancing risk) 
As a consequence of Scania being a fully owned subsidiary of TRATON SE which, in turn, is a majority 
owned subsidiary of Volkswagen AG, Scania is also potentially affected by changes in credit ratings for both 
TRATON SE and Volkswagen AG. TRATON SE is rated ‘BBB’ (Issuer credit rating) by S&P, as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus. S&P’s ratings methodology dictates that TRATON SE’s issuer credit rating shall be limited 
to the higher of (i) its stand-alone credit rating, and (ii) a rating corresponding to one notch lower than Volkswagen 
AG’s issuer credit rating. TRATON SE’s issuer credit rating can never be higher than Volkswagen’s and Scania’s 
issuer credit rating can never be higher than TRATON SE’s issuer credit rating. Any downgrade by S&P of 
Volkswagen AG or TRATON SE’s credit ratings therefore may result in a downgrade by S&P of Scania AB’s 
issuer credit rating.  
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk that the counterparty in a transaction will not fulfil its contractual payment 
obligations and that any collateral will not cover the company’s claim thereby creating a loss for Scania. The 
majority of the credit risk for Scania is related to receivables from customers. The management of the financial 
credit risks that arise primarily in corporate treasury operations, such as when investing liquidity and in derivatives 
trading amongst others, is regulated in accordance with Scania’s Financial Policy, which includes hedging 
arrangements.  
The corporate treasury unit is responsible for ensuring compliance with the rules of Scania’s Financial 
Policy. As at 31 December 2022, net exposure to counterparty risk related to derivatives trading amounted to SEK 
-886 million (2021: SEK 978 million); estimated gross exposure to counterparty risks related to derivatives trading 
totalled SEK 2,679 million (2021: SEK 1,661 million); and estimated gross exposure to cash and cash equivalents 
and short-term investments amounted to SEK 24,365 million (2021: SEK 26,636 million. Short-term investments 
are mainly deposited with TRATON. There is a risk that measures undertaken to counter the Group’s credit risk 
will not be sufficient or effective, and the Group may fail to successfully implement and manage any hedging 
arrangements, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
In the Vehicles and Services segment, carried receivables before provisions for bad debts from customers 
totalled SEK 12,178 million in 2022 (compared to SEK 10,166 million in 2021), most of which consisted of 
receivables from independent dealerships and end customers. The total estimated fair value of collateral in 2022 
was SEK 809 million (compared to SEK 1,143 million in 2021). Most of the collateral consisted of repossession

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
rights and bank guarantees. During 2022, collateral valued at SEK 4 million was obtained (compared to SEK 307 
million in 2021). 
 
Timing analysis of portfolio assets past 
due but not recognised as impairment 
losses 
 
Past-due payments 
 
Past-due 
payments 
 
 
2022 
 
2021 
< 30 days 
 
1,110 
 
723 
30-90 days 
 
705 
 
235 
91-180 days 
 
231 
 
195 
>180 days 
 
209 
 
206 
Total 
 
2,255 
 
1,359 
(All figures in the table above are in SEK million.) 
Provisions for bad debts amounted to SEK 617 million in 2022 (compared to SEK 508 million in 2021), 
equivalent to 5.4 per cent. of total receivables (compared to 5.4 per cent. in 2021). Bad debt expense amounted to 
SEK 222 million in 2022 (compared to SEK 54 million in 2021). Provisions for bad debts changed as follows: 
 
Provisions for bad debts 
2022 
 
2021 
Provisions, 1 January  
508 
 
492 
Provisions for potential losses 
221 
 
126 
Withdrawals due to actual credit losses 
-136 
 
-114 
Currency rate effect 
25 
 
10 
Other 
-1 
 
-6 
Total 
617 
 
508 
(All figures in the table above are in SEK million) 
Currency risk 
Currency risk is the risk of negative effects on earnings and balance sheet items denominated in foreign 
currency, due to currency movements. Revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities in a functional currency other than 
the reporting currency of the parent company Scania AB (SEK) are translated at the average exchange rate during 
the year and the exchange rate on the balance sheet date, respectively. The effect that arises because the exchange 
rate on the balance sheet date is changed from the beginning of the year and the average exchange rate of the year 
deviates from the balance sheet rate is recognised in the translation reserve in other comprehensive income 
(translation effect). 
During 2022, 95 per cent. (2021: 95 per cent.) of Scania’s sales occurred in countries outside Sweden. 
Since a large proportion of production occurs in Sweden, mainly at costs denominated in Swedish kronor, this 
means that Scania has large net inflows of foreign currencies. Total currency exposure in Scania’s operating 
income amounted to about SEK 57,300 million in 2022 (2021: SEK 52,400 million). The largest currencies in this 
flow were EUR, USD and GBP. Based on revenue and expenses in foreign currencies during 2022, a ten 
percentage point change in the Swedish kronor against other currencies, excluding currency hedges, had an impact 
on operating income of about SEK 5,730 million (compared to SEK 5,240 million in 2021) on an annual basis. In 
Vehicles and Services, the total currency rate effects in 2022 amounted to SEK 4,687 million (compared to SEK 
-1,409 million in 2021). 
Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk is the risk of negative effects on interest income and expenses due to movements in 
interest rates. Changes in market interest rates may adversely affect cash flow or the fair market value of financial 
assets and liabilities. For Scania’s assets and liabilities that carry variable interest rates, a change in market interest 
rates has a direct effect on cash flow, while for fixed-interest assets and liabilities, the fair value of the portfolio 
is affected instead. Scania’s total borrowing portfolio amounted to SEK 118,151 million at year-end 2022 
(compared to SEK 94,604 million at year-end 2021). To manage interest rate risks, Scania primarily uses interest 
rate derivatives in the form of interest rate swap agreements but Scania may nonetheless be adversely affected by 
the impact of changes in interest rates. 
At year-end 2022, Scania’s interest-bearing assets mainly consisted of assets in Financial Services and 
of short-term investments and cash and cash equivalents. Interest-bearing liabilities consisted mainly of loans, to 
a great extent intended to fund lending in Financial Services operations and to a lesser extent to fund working 
capital in Vehicles and Services.1  
                                                     
1  
Scania’s Financial Services business was transferred to TRATON as of 1 April 2023. See "Description of the Guarantor - Recent 
Developments in 2023", below.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
Borrowings in Vehicles and Services are mainly used for funding of working capital. To match the 
turnover rate of working capital, a short interest rate refixing period is used in the borrowing portfolio. Scania’s 
policy concerning interest rate risks in the Vehicles and Services segment is that the interest rate refixing period 
on its net debt should normally be within 0–6 month range, but that divergences are allowed up to 24 months. The 
Board of Directors approves maturities of more than 24 months. As at 31 December 2022, net cash2 in Vehicles 
and Services was SEK 11,607 million (2021: SEK 25,520 million). The borrowing portfolio amounted to SEK 
11,732 million (2021: SEK 5,526 million). Short-term investments and cash and cash equivalents amounted to 
SEK 23,339 million (2021: SEK 31,046 million) and the average interest rate refixing period on these assets was 
less than two months (2020: less than two months).  
Given the same loan liabilities, short-term investments, cash and cash equivalents and interest rate 
refixing periods as at year-end 2022, a change in market interest rates of 100 basis points (1 percentage point) 
would change the interest income in Vehicles and Services by about SEK 170 million (2021: SEK 260 million) 
on an annual basis. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that Scania may be unable to meet ongoing financial obligations on time. The 
Group is exposed to the risk that financing of the Group’s capital requirements and refinancing of existing 
borrowings becomes more difficult, costly or impossible which may in turn arise from matters outside of its 
control, such as a credit crisis or severe adverse economic conditions in the countries in which the Group operates.  
If Scania is not able to meet ongoing financial obligations on time, it could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. At the end of 2022, Scania’s liquidity 
reserve, consisting of guaranteed credit facilities, cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, amounted 
to SEK 49,289 million (compared to SEK 52,721 million in 2021). 
There is a risk that extensive decreases in the Group’s creditworthiness or profitability, significant 
increases in interest rates and considerable decreases in the availability of credit or the tightening of terms required 
by lenders would limit the Group’s access to capital, including its ability to issue additional debt and equity, and 
that the Group may therefore not be able to meet its payment obligations, including under the Notes. 
Price volatility 
The prices for heavy trucks, buses and engines in certain markets, including service for these products, 
have at times experienced sharp changes over short periods of time. This volatility is caused by many factors, 
including volatility in underlying economic conditions, short-term fluctuations in demand, changes in import 
regulations, shortages of certain supplies, price volatility in raw materials and increased competition. There can 
be no assurance that such price volatility will not continue or that price volatility will not begin in markets which 
to date have not experienced such volatility. In the shift to producing more electric vehicles, Scania is becoming 
increasingly dependent on batteries. Scania is thereby signing contracts on battery purchases even though the 
battery market is still relatively undeveloped. Price volatility could adversely affect Scania’s results of operations.  
Continued price volatility in certain markets could adversely affect Scania’s results of operations in a particular 
period. 
Financial reporting 
As part of TRATON, which is a stand-alone publicly listed entity since 28 June 2019, there is no 
guarantee that Scania’s accounting, controlling and legal or other corporate administrative functions will be 
without incorrect and incompleteness and might cause significant expenditures, exposure to legal, regulatory or 
civil cost and penalties as well as reputational disadvantages. 
Material risks and uncertainty factors in financial reporting 
 
Scania delivers approximately 7 per cent. of its vehicles with repurchase obligations, where Scania thus 
has residual value exposure. There is also residual value exposure for short-term rental vehicles with an estimated 
residual value. 
If there are major downturns in the market value of used vehicles, this increases the risk of future losses 
when divesting the returned vehicles. When a residual value guarantee is deemed likely to result in a future loss, 
the depreciation of the vehicle is adjusted accordingly. Changes in market value may also cause an impairment 
loss in used vehicle inventories, since these are recognised at the lower of cost and estimated net realisable value. 
At the end of 2022, obligations related to residual value or repurchase amounted to about SEK 17,149 million 
(compared to SEK 18,467 million in 2021). 
                                                     
2  
Calculated as the borrowing portfolio comprising of current and non-current interest-bearing borrowings (excluding pension 
liabilities) less cash and cash equivalents and current investments.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
Tax risks 
The Group is subject to taxes in Sweden and other foreign jurisdictions where the Group operates. The 
Group’s future effective tax rates are affected by the mix of earnings in countries where the Group operates with 
differing tax rates. Furthermore, changes in corporation or other taxes (including withholding taxes) or changes 
in tax laws or their interpretation may impact the Group’s future effective tax rate. Any of these changes could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s tax cost. 
Scania and its subsidiaries are the subject of a number of tax cases, as a consequence of Scania’s 
operating activities. These cases mainly relate to the areas of financial expenses and indirect taxes. None of these 
cases are deemed capable of resulting in a claim that would substantially affect Scania’s financial position. Tax 
risks above a certain level are reported regularly to management. If Scania fails to comply with tax regulations 
and receives claims for damages, significant fines or other penalties, the loss of customers and reputation could 
have a material adverse effect on Scania’s results of operation and financial condition. 
Any significant adverse outcome of any such tax examination and/or tax investigation, and/or any other 
increased or additional tax liabilities for the Group, could affect the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil 
its respective obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
Inadequate insurance coverage 
There can be no assurance that the insurance coverage that Scania maintains is sufficient to cover all 
risks associated with the operation of its business, such as coverage for people, property, assets and liabilities, in 
accordance with the Treasury Policy. Furthermore, it is not possible to insure fully against all risks. 
Customary Group insurance policies to protect the Group’s goods shipments, assets and liabilities are 
arranged in accordance with Scania’s Treasury Policy. There can be no assurance that any claim under Scania’s 
insurance policies will be honoured fully or timely, that Scania’s insurance coverage will be sufficient in any 
respect or that its insurance premiums will not increase substantially. Accordingly, to the extent that Scania suffers 
loss or damage that is not covered by insurance or which exceeds the Group’s insurance coverage, or have to pay 
higher insurance premiums, it may have a material adverse effect on Scania’s business, result of operations and 
financial condition. 
Pension risks 
The Group has substantial pension and other similar employee benefits-related obligations and is subject 
to risks related to the development of these obligations and to funding requirements of its pension and other post-
employment benefit plans. In the actuarial methods that are used to establish Scania’s pension liabilities, a number 
of assumptions are highly important. The most critical assumption is related to the discount rate on the obligations. 
Other vital assumptions are average life expectancy and average duration of the obligations. A higher discount 
rate decreases the recognised pension liability. In calculating the Swedish pension liability, the discount rate used 
was 4.0 per cent. (2021: 2.0 per cent.). If the Issuer fails to manage and control its pension risk, the Issuer could 
become unable to meet its obligations, including those under the Notes. 
Legal & Compliance risks 
Legal actions and administrative proceedings 
Scania is affected by legal proceedings as a consequence of its operating activities. This includes alleged 
breaches of contract, non-delivery of goods or services, product liability, patent infringement or infringements 
related to other intellectual property, or alleged violations of laws and regulations in force, any of which could 
result in costly legal disputes and/or considerable financial judgements against Scania which could materially 
adversely affect its business. Even if disputes of this kind are decided in a favourable way without adverse 
economic consequences, they may still adversely affect Scania’s reputation which could damage Scania’s 
business, its results of operation and financial condition. 
In a decision made public by the European Commission (EC) on 27 September 2017, Scania was fined 
EUR 880.5 million for violating EU competition laws through alleged participation in a cartel with other European 
truck manufacturers. Scania filed an appeal against the EC decision in its entirety on 11 December 2017 and on 4 
January 2018 Scania provided the EC with a bank guarantee as security for payment of fines according to the EC 
decision pending the outcome of the appeal trials. The General Court rendered its judgement on 2 February 2022, 
dismissing Scania’s appeal entirely and upholding the full amount of fines as set by the EC. This caused Scania 
to increase its provision as of 31 December 2021 to EUR 880.5 million plus accrued interest, while evaluating a 
further appeal to the European Court of Justice (ECJ) as the EU’s court of last instance. Such appeal was 
subsequently filed on 8 April 2022. Scania also eventually decided to pay the EC the full amount of fines plus 
accrued interest, so as to alleviate itself of the costs for upholding the bank guarantee as security during the ECJ

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
trials. Such payment of fines was settled on 12 April 2022 in the total amount of EUR 937 million. The appeal 
proceedings before the ECJ are still in progress.  
Scania is also the subject of, and may face additional, civil claims relating to the alleged EU cartel, from 
direct or indirect customers of Scania. Some of these claims are being pursued by the customers in court. Any 
judgement against Scania could result in significant fines and/or other financial penalties which could have a 
material adverse effect on Scania’s results of operations and financial condition.  
In addition, Scania’s operations include the provision of financing and insurance services, which have to 
comply with the rules set out by financial services authorities. Non-compliance with these rules can lead to 
penalties or even the revocation of operating licences. 
Business ethics and compliance risks 
Due to the range of its international operations, Scania is exposed to economic sanctions laws and 
regulations, trade barriers, local content requirements and import and export licensing requirements in the 
jurisdictions in which it operates. 
Scania is also required to address anti-money laundering, anti-corruption and adherence to applicable 
competition laws in a systematic and transparent way. Scania’s operations also include the provision of financing 
and insurance services, which must comply with the rules set out by financial supervisory authorities in the 
jurisdictions in which Scania operates. Failure to comply with such legal and regulatory obligations, including by 
the institution of robust systems to do so, could result in significant fines, civil and criminal liability penalties or 
even, in respect of financing operating, the revocation of operating licences, which could have a negative impact 
on Scania’s reputation, results of operation and financial condition. 
Governmental regulations regarding climate change and vehicle exhaust emissions could result in 
substantial costs for Scania and there can be no assurance that Scania will be able to develop commercially viable 
products that comply with such regulations. Non-compliance with such regulations could result in regulatory 
proceedings, substantial fines and limitations on the Group's ability to market its products. 
The diesel emissions standard violations at Volkswagen AG has led to a review and ongoing reforms of 
internal controls, the compliance system and company culture within the Volkswagen Group, including the 
TRATON GROUP. If these reforms are not successfully implemented and future material compliance failures 
occur, the Volkswagen Group, including the TRATON GROUP, could be exposed to significant adverse 
consequences which could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations. 
New and changed laws and regulations 
Different countries’ legal systems and major changes in laws and regulations (for example, sustainability 
reporting requirements, environmental laws, safety standards, trade laws, and export control regulations with 
extraterritorial effect) may have features that threaten Scania’s comprehensive position and its capacity to 
efficiently conduct business as well as the capacity to consummate important transactions, enforce contractual 
agreements or complement specific strategies and activities. Scania’s operations are subject to a range of different 
regulatory requirements worldwide, compliance with which is costly and burdensome and non-compliance with 
which may result in significant cost.  
Any failure on Scania’s part to comply with any present or future regulations could result in the 
assessment of damages or imposition of fines against it, suspension of production or a loss of license to operate. 
For risks related to climate related laws and regulations, see section “Strategic risks - Climate transition 
risks” above.  
Contracts and rights 
Administration of contracts, essential rights and legal risks occur in the normal course of operations. 
Scania’s operations include a wide variety of intangible licensing agreements, patents and other intellectual 
property rights. In the ordinary course of its business, Scania also concludes numerous commercial and financial 
contracts, which is normal for a company of Scania’s scale and type. Scania’s operations are not dependent on 
any single commercial or financial contract, patent, licensing agreement or similar right however breaches of 
contract or a failure to delivery under a material contract (either by Scania or any of its counterparties) could result 
in a degree of business interruption which could have a material adverse effect on Scania’s operations and financial 
condition. 
Human rights risks 
Scania encounters scenarios with human rights risks throughout the value chain. In markets where 
legislation or enforcement of regulations related to human rights are not in line with global standards, Scania must 
prioritise measures to uphold human right standards and mitigate the risk to cause, contribute or be linked to 
human rights abuse. Current trends in economic downturn putting pressure on social safety systems and political

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
turmoil causing social unrest all affects the context for human rights. This means that there is an increase in human 
rights risk level in certain markets where Scania operates, or where Scania has suppliers.  This is an area which is 
impacted by legal development for human rights due diligence and expectation on companies to disclose 
information on identified and assessed real and potential impacts in our own operations, supply chain, business 
relationships and sales as well as the appropriate and effective system of risk management to handle these impacts.  
Business risks 
Supply chain risks 
Scania relies on a global network of suppliers for sourcing raw materials, parts and components used in 
the manufacture of its vehicles. Accordingly, Scania is exposed to the risk of disruptions in the supply chain and 
its ability to procure supplies in a cost-effective and timely manner, or at all, is subject to various factors, some of 
which are not within Scania’s control. If one or more suppliers are unable or unwilling to fulfil delivery 
obligations, for example due to supply shortages, labour strikes, capacity allocation to other customers, or 
financial distress of the supplier, Scania might face the risk of production downtime, increased production costs, 
delays and loss of customer confidence.  
The global challenges regarding high market demands and high industry capacity utilisation, restrictions 
connected to the supply of critical raw materials, in combination with the complex geopolitical landscape, 
continues to present risks to the supply chain, and may cause delivery disruption with temporary production 
disturbances as a consequence.   
Furthermore, with a global supply chain Scania is exposed to sustainability risks such as adverse effects 
on the environment, health and safety, human rights and business ethics in Scania’s business operations. A 
deterioration in demand for Scania’s products and a lack of access to sufficient financial arrangements for Scania’s 
supply chain could impair the timely availability of components. In addition, if one or more of the other global 
manufacturers of heavy trucks, buses and engines were to become insolvent, this would have an adverse impact 
on the supply chains and may further adversely affect Scania’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition.  
Market and competition risks 
The demand for Scania’s products is mainly driven by transport needs and also by a certain replacement 
need for vehicles to maintain high availability and low lifecycle cost of the vehicles. Variations in world financial 
markets can have a large or small impact on real economic cycles and, in turn, for Scania, an impact on the demand 
for its products. Since commercial vehicles are capital investments, demand is not only affected by need but also 
by the availability and cost of the capital that must be invested. Markets may temporarily slow down or plateau 
and local currencies may lose some of their value as a result. The status of public finances and the extent of fiscal 
austerity programmes in different countries may have a negative impact on demand for Scania’s products. In 
individual markets, substantial changes can occur in the business environment, such as the introduction of or 
increase in customs duties and taxes, the introduction or ending of stimulus measures, and a change in the 
requirements for vehicle specifications. The imposition of economic sanctions against certain countries can also 
reduce the potential for marketing Scania’s products. In addition, different countries’ legal systems may have 
features that affect Scania’s ability to carry out operations and sales. 
Furthermore, competition is intense among manufacturers of heavy trucks, buses and engines. Scania’s 
products and services face substantial competition from products and services provided by others, and such 
competition may have a significant impact on the price Scania receives for its products and services and on 
Scania’s future sales volumes. Aggressive pricing policies, the introduction of new products by competitors, or 
pricing pressure in the aftersales business can make it more difficult to achieve expected prices. Furthermore, the 
current energy challenge related both to access and to the price of energy, impacts Scania on different levels and 
with different stakeholders for example in production, with suppliers and customers.  Whilst Scania is working in 
close collaboration with customers and suppliers to monitor the current global energy situation, it does remain 
challenging for Scania’s business. It could result in lower revenues, lower profitability and potentially lower 
market share. Scania’s competitors may have larger financial, marketing and operational resources than Scania, 
as well as broader geographical coverage. There can be no assurance that Scania will be able to compete 
successfully in the future which could have an adverse effect on the Group’s operational result and financial 
position. 
Operations in Latin American countries expose Scania to certain risks, including product price volatility, 
tax liabilities, government regulations, political instability, local economic conditions (including high and 
generally unpredictable levels of inflation), currency fluctuations and local labour conditions. In addition, Scania 
currently maintains substantial cash balances in Latin America. The governments in Brazil and Argentina have 
exercised and continue to exercise substantial influence over many aspects of their respective economies, and 
have imposed various policies designed to manage their economies. Government-imposed import tariffs have also

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
significantly limited the supply of imported vehicles, thereby increasing the importance of locating manufacturing 
operations within those countries. Government actions in the future could have a significant effect on economic 
conditions and the demand for heavy vehicles in Brazil and Argentina. Variations in economic conditions could 
influence the demand and prices received for Scania’s heavy vehicles and, accordingly, the results from its 
operations in these countries. 
People and Competence 
Scania believes that its growth and future success depends in large part on the skills of its employees; 
talented individuals are needed in all of Scania’s business areas. In a business environment that is characterised 
by fierce competition, disruptive change and talent shortage, for its future success, Scania is dependent on its 
ability to attract and recruit employees with the right expertise, and retain and engage the workforce to ensure that 
the company’s operations can deliver the required product and service quality. Particularly challenging is the 
recruitment of qualified local service personnel to work in Scania workshops globally, as well as software 
developers and engineers. 
In addition, the technology shift towards connected, autonomous and electrified vehicles will require a 
shift in competence. Scania must act proactively and identify future needs before they occur. Some of the 
important risks from a people management perspective that may affect deliveries include lack of candidates with 
the right, or business critical expertise and recruitment error. 
If Scania fails to attract, train and retain the qualified personnel that it needs in its operations, Scania may 
be unable to expand its business in line with its strategy and compete for new, and keep existing, consumers, 
which could have a material adverse effect on Scania’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Cyber risks including product cybersecurity risks, IT and information risks and data privacy 
Scania relies on information technology. For Scania, it is crucial to handle information in a way that 
enables operations to share and process it efficiently and reliably, both within the company and when working 
together with customers, suppliers and other business partners.  
Digital information, systems and infrastructure may be negatively impacted because of accidents, 
disasters, technical damage, outdated technology, or cyber attacks including phishing scams or malware. 
If not properly managed Scania might be exposed to the risk of information being revealed to 
unauthorised person(s) or intentionally/unintentionally changed, corrupted or lost. Furthermore, Scania is subject 
to data protection regulations with respect to, among other things, the use and disclosure of personal data, and the 
confidentiality, integrity, and availability of such information. If Scania fails to comply with these regulations, 
this could result in claims for damages and other liabilities, significant fines and other penalties, and the loss of 
customers and reputation which could have a material adverse effect on Scania’s results of operation and financial 
condition. 
Scania is also impacted by the increase in the external cyber threat level, both in existing business and 
also for future products, and the need to be in compliance with new regulations within the area. Modern vehicles 
contain advanced computing and communication technologies and are increasingly connected. As Scania’s 
vehicles are critical for our customers’ business and also safety-critical, the operation and/or safety of Scania’s 
vehicles may be negatively impacted in case of a cyber security attack, which could result in reputational damage 
and/or loss of confidence in Scania’s brand and products which could have a material adverse effect on Scania’s 
results of operations and financial condition. 
Product liability and product launch risks 
The introduction of a new product to the market can include a liability risk. Scania’s objective is to 
develop products that are reliable and safe for the user, the general public and the environment and Scania spends 
substantial resources to ensure that it complies with governmental safety regulations, mobile source emissions 
regulations and other standards. There can be no assurances however that Scania will always be in compliance 
with all such regulations and standards. Compliance with governmental standards does not necessarily prevent 
individual or class actions, which can entail significant cost and risk. Accordingly, Scania may become subject to 
product liability claims, which could harm its business, results of operations and financial condition. The vehicular 
industry experiences significant product liability claims, and Scania faces inherent risk of exposure to claims in 
the event that its vehicles do not perform as expected or malfunction resulting in personal injury or death. As 
commercial vehicles become increasingly complex, including as a result of digitalisation of components and 
communications among such components, the risk of vehicle defects increases. As Scania employs a modular 
component concept in the production of vehicles, Scania’s risk with respect to product defects is further increased 
because individual components are used in a number of different vehicle types and models. Moreover, the 
adoption of new technologies (many of which are still being refined for use in the transportation industry),

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
including autonomous driving technologies and electric vehicles powered by lithium-ion batteries, may increase 
Scania’s exposure to vehicle defects and product liability. 
A successful product liability claim against Scania could require it to pay a substantial monetary award. 
Moreover, a product liability claim could generate substantial negative publicity about Scania’s vehicles and 
business, thereby adversely affecting its reputation and inhibiting or preventing the commercialisation of future 
vehicles, which could have a material adverse effect on Scania’s brand, business and results of operations (should 
the provisions not cover the actual claim). Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Climate risks including natural hazards 
As Scania and its suppliers are located all over the world, Scania is exposed to physical risks, resulting 
from extreme weather conditions, floods, heat or water stress and other natural hazards that could damage physical 
assets such as buildings as well as disturbing the logistic flow or supply chain by impacting the availability or 
sourcing of components. It is hard to predict the frequency, geographical location and impact of natural disasters. 
However with a changing climate due to global warming, extreme weather is already occurring more frequently 
today and there has been a change in weather patterns in certain areas. Acute situations can be expected to occur 
more frequently in the future. These risks could also potentially affect Scania’s ability to insure facilities in the 
future as well as affect its balance sheet if, for example, a number of facilities would be affected. 
Natural hazards are an important consideration when dealing with risks in existing business, as well as 
when deciding on new locations for business and suppliers. Substantial increases in costs or a significant delay or 
sustained interruption in the supply of key items and/or raw materials sourced from areas affected by disasters or 
accidents could adversely affect Scania’s ability to maintain its current and expected levels of production, and 
therefore negatively affect Scania’s revenue and increase its operating expenses. There can be no assurance that 
failures in the supply chain will not occur. Any such failures may impact adversely on Scania’s financial position. 
Production risks 
An unforeseen disruption of a production facility represents a risk and may be caused by a number of 
incidents, for example power failure, equipment failure, fires, floods, social unrest or terrorist activity, infectious 
diseases, labour difficulties, or other operational problems. Production risks also encompass challenges that Scania 
may face in logistics, for example, delivering trucks after the production process is completed. 
The cyclicality of demand for Scania’s products has at times resulted, and may in the future result, in 
temporary constraints upon Scania’s ability to produce the quantities necessary to fulfil orders in a timely manner. 
In particular, a sharp increase in order intake in a period can exceed the capability of Scania and its suppliers to 
satisfy fully the growing demand for Scania’s products in certain markets. A prolonged delay in Scania’s ability 
to fulfil orders on a timely basis at a time when Scania’s competitors are not experiencing the same difficulty 
could adversely affect Scania’s market share in certain markets.  
Risks in the sales and services network 
In the major markets, distributors are mainly owned by Scania. Apart from the risks to sales volumes that 
are linked to the market risks described above, there are commercial risks in the sales and services network for 
various types of contracted services, as well as in relation to repurchase obligations and used vehicle prices. Repair 
and maintenance contracts are one important element of the sales and services business. They help to ensure that 
customers maximise use of their vehicle (uptime) while using the workshops’ resources efficiently, thereby 
helping to strengthen customer loyalty. These contracts are often tied to prices that have been worked out in 
advance, so there are risks relating to price and handling. As a result of repurchase obligations and trade-ins, the 
sales and services organisation handles a large volume of used trucks and buses, and prices and sales figures can 
vary over economic cycles. 
Even though most distributors are owned by Scania, there are independent dealers. These sometimes 
suffer problems that may have an adverse effect on Scania’s operations. There could be shortcomings in 
management or limitations on how much can be invested, or problems relating to generational changes in family 
businesses. If the problems prove to be more than short-term ones, Scania may decide to replace dealers or take 
over the business. Scania continuously maintains close contact with its independent dealers, however there can be 
no assurance that Scania will be able to spot early warning signs where independent dealers suffer problems. 
Problems with independent dealers could result in disruptions to the supply chain or a fall in service levels or sales 
which could have a material adverse effect on Scania’s results of operations and financial performance.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or other 
leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, 
their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other 
conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the 
interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely 
affects the market value of these Notes. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this 
may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion 
of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes as the change of interest 
basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Fixed/Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Risks related to Notes generally  
Set out below is a description of material risks related to the Notes generally: 
Impact of parent ratings 
As mentioned previously (See “Risk Factors – Ratings risk related to the TRATON GROUP and the 
Volkswagen Group”, above), any downgrade by S&P of TRATON’s or Volkswagen’s credit rating may result in

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
a downgrade by S&P of the credit rating of the Notes or Scania. Any change in the credit rating of Scania could 
adversely affect the price at which Notes are traded in the market, which may cause loss. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call 
or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests 
generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically and including 
those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice 
The conditions of the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such 
Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to 
the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice after the date of 
this Base Prospectus. Potential investors should note that and any such change in applicable law or administrative 
practice may have an adverse impact on the secondary market value of the Notes. 
Enforceability of judgments 
The UK left the EU on 31 January 2020 and the transitional period agreed in the withdrawal agreement 
during which EU law continued to apply in the UK, expired on 31 December 2020.  
As of the date hereof, the only treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments 
rendered in connection with civil and commercial disputes between the United Kingdom and Sweden is the Hague 
Convention of 30 June 2005 on Choice of Court Agreements (the Hague Convention). Pursuant to the provisions 
of the Hague Convention, a judgment entered against a Swedish entity in the courts of a Contracting State (as 
defined in the Hague Convention) and which is enforceable in such Contracting State, will be directly enforceable 
in Sweden only upon the satisfaction of certain requirements, one of which is that the relevant judgment relates 
to an agreement which includes an exclusive choice of court provision (as described in the Hague Convention). 
As such, a judgement entered against the Issuer based on an asymmetric jurisdiction clause (i.e. a jurisdiction 
clause which is non-exclusive), as is the case in relation to the terms and conditions of the Notes, would fall 
outside of the application of the Hague Convention. Absent any agreement, treaty or other instrument on mutual 
recognition and enforcement of judgments applicable in relation to the Notes between the UK and Sweden, a final 
judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the Notes obtained in the courts of England against the Issuer, 
will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in Sweden. However, if a Noteholder brings a new action 
in a competent court in Sweden, the final judgment rendered in an English court may be submitted to the Swedish 
court, but will only be regarded as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which it relates, and the Swedish 
court has full discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio. Any retrial on a judgment’s merits could therefore 
significantly delay or prevent the enforcement by Noteholders of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes.  
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may 
be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes 
may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of 
such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds 
an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult 
to trade.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
The Reform and Regulation of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including the Programme Benchmarks) 
are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause the relevant 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a 
benchmark.  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a Programme Benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
relevant Programme Benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR.  The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro 
area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on 
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks (including the 
Programme Benchmarks): (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the 
benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a 
Programme Benchmark. 
The conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark 
Event (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) occurs in respect of an Original Reference Rate or other relevant 
reference rate and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor service) 
becomes unavailable. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by 
reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the conditions of the Notes) with the 
application of an Adjustment Spread (which could be positive, negative or zero) and may include amendments to 
the conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the new benchmark, all as determined by an 
Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) and as more fully described 
at Condition 4(b)(vi). It is possible that the adoption of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, including any 
Adjustment Spread, may result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. There is also a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may 
not operate as expected or intended at the relevant time. 
Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate 
of Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate 
which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national reforms and the 
possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a Programme Benchmark.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no assurance 
that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor  
The Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement) relating to any specific Tranche 
of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an 
offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote climate-friendly and/or other 
environmental purposes (either in those words or otherwise) (Green Projects), as described in the Issuer’s Green 
Bond Framework (as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, the Green Bond Framework) which 
is 
available 
for 
viewing 
at 
https://www.scania.com/group/en/home/investors/bondholders/green-bond-
framework.html. The Green Bond Framework is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form 
part of this Base Prospectus. The Green Bond Framework may be amended at any time without the consent of 
Noteholders and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers assumes any obligation or 
responsibility to release any update or revision to the Green Bond Framework and/or information to reflect events 
or circumstances after the date of publication of the Green Bond Framework. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person that the 
use of such proceeds for any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own 
by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, Green 
Projects.  Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer shall be responsible for the ongoing monitoring of the use of 
proceeds in respect of any such Notes. Prospective investors should consult with their legal and other advisers 
before making an investment in any such Notes and must determine for themselves the relevance of the 
information set out in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
Pricing Supplement) for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such 
investor deems necessary.  
It should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or an equivalently-labelled project or investment is evolving.  On 
10 May 2023, the Council of the European Union formally adopted the consolidated text of the Regulation of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on European Green Bonds (the EU Green Bond Regulation) which, 
among other things, establishes a voluntary label for European green bonds and lays down uniform requirements 
for issuers that wish to use the designation European green bond or "EuGB" label and the conditions for external 
review of bonds using such label. It also creates an alternative voluntary approach to sustainability disclosures for 
bonds not using the label but marketed as environmentally sustainable or sustainability-linked bonds. The EU 
Green Bond Regulation is expected to become applicable in mid-2024 at the earliest. Thus, whilst progress is 
being made towards the development of a clear definition, consensus or label as to what constitutes, a “green”, 
“sustainable”, “social” or equivalently-labelled bond, there can be no assurance that any Green Bonds will comply 
with such definition, market consensus or label. In addition, no assurance can be given by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger, Any Dealer or any other person to investors that any Green bonds will comply with any 
future standards or requirements regarding any “green”, “social”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives, including the EU Green Bond Regulation, Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called EU Taxonomy 
Regulation including the supplemental delegated regulations related thereto) or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA), and, accordingly, the status of any Notes as being “green”, 
“social”, “sustainable” (or equivalent) could be withdrawn at any time. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, any Dealer or any 
other person as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification 
of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer or the Guarantor) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion, report or certification is 
not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any other such opinion, 
report or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Arranger, any Dealer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion, report or 
certification is only current as of the date that such opinion, report or certification was initially issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions, reports and certifications are not subject to 
any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, any 
Dealer or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates Furthermore, it should be noted 
that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, 
any Dealer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such 
Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Green Projects 
in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that the relevant 
intended project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will be capable of being implemented 
in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such 
proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Green Projects.  Nor can there be any assurance that such 
Green Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or 
not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by 
the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or otherwise result in the Notes being redeemed 
prior to their maturity date and the Guarantor will assume no obligations as a result of any such event or failure 
by the Issuer in this regard. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Projects as mentioned 
in the previous paragraph and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or 
certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion 
or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on 
any stock exchange or securities market as mentioned above may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Green Projects and/or 
result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for 
a particular purpose. 
There is no direct contractual link between any Green Bonds and any green, social or sustainability 
targets of the Issuer. Therefore, payments of interest, principal or other amounts payable in respect of any Notes 
and rights to accelerate under the Notes will not be impacted by the performance of Green Projects funded out of 
the proceeds of issue (or amounts equal thereto) of the Notes or by any other green, social or sustainable assets of 
the Issuer and/or the Group. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for 
the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or 
market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a single investor or 
a limited number of investors or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories 
of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility 
than conventional debt securities. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, they will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding.  In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor will make any payments under 
the Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s 
Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and 
the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to make 
payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with 
an investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure of the Notes, the 
market for the Notes, the additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.  The Issuer may also decide not to maintain a credit rating. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  Such general restriction will also apply in 
the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by a EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not 
been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  
 Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country 
non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit 
rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or 
endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment which may impact 
the value of the Notes and any secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies 
and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with 
this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, 
this Base Prospectus:  
(a)  
the sections indicated in the cross-reference table below of the annual reports for the financial years ended 
31 
December 
2022 
and 
31 
December 
2021 
of 
the 
Issuer 
are 
available 
at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10ec960996dea2423cb9593345acb307dd                                                                                            
and https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10e7127a7576694ad59d3508b8434c53be respectively; 
(b) 
the sections indicated in the cross-reference table below of the annual reports for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 of the Guarantor are available at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/103bdec302077a41a0b041afa14cc4b166 
 
and 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10234ef52b31f74cc29b0e54096299b275                                                                                              
respectively 
and 
at 
https://www.scania.com/group/en/home/investors/financial-reports/annual-
reports.html;  
(c) 
the sections indicated in the cross-reference table below of the unaudited interim report for the three 
months 
ended 
31 
March 
2023 
of 
the 
Guarantor 
available 
at 
https://www.scania.com/group/en/home/investors/financial-reports/interim-reports.html                                                       
and at  https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/108fc197ff75ce4353bffba7262db864c7;  
(d) 
the sections indicated in the cross reference table below of the auditor reports for the financial years 
ended 
31 
December 
2022 
and 
31 
December 
2021 
of 
the 
Issuer, 
available 
at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1094f9216fae574c47a63076e39ebd2589                                                                                             
and at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/101279ad627d0348ec8b62984a11c9fc78;                                                                           
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 31 October 2022 (pages 
58 to 81) available at www.luxse.com/programme/Programme-Scania/12662; 
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 17 June 2021 (pages 57 
to 80) available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1026048510667646c597b69b0cae80fff8;  
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 24 June 2020 (pages 57 
to 82) available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/107f5447858c84449d96a2b2bf89b22fef;  
(h) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 3 July 2019 (pages 53 to 
78) available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/109709eacd62ca4c1db4aa13206f9004ab; and 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 13 June 2018 (pages 51 
to 71) available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1055a72f0c5f2e4f4ba23a53e9910e54d7.  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this 
Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.  
 
 
Cross Reference Table (page)  
 
Issuer 
Guarantor 
 
Annual 
Report 
2021 
 
Auditor 
Report 
2021 
Annual 
Report 
2022 
Auditor 
Report 
2022 
 
Annual 
Report 
2021 
Annual 
Report 
2022 
Q1 
Unaudited 
Interim 
Report 
2023  
Consolidated 
Income 
Statement 
24 
- 
28 
- 
63 
71 
9

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
Consolidated 
Balance Sheet 
25-26 
- 
29-30 
- 
64 
72 
10 
Consolidated 
Statement of 
Changes in 
Equity 
27 
- 
31 
- 
65 
73 
11 
Consolidated 
Cash Flow 
Statement 
28 
- 
32 
- 
66 
74 
12 
Notes to the 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements  
29-94 
- 
33-94 
- 
67-122 
75-127 
13-16 
Non-
consolidated 
Income 
Statement  
95 
- 
95 
- 
123 
128 
17 
Non-
consolidated 
Balance Sheet 
96-97 
- 
96-97 
- 
123 
128 
17 
Non-
consolidated 
Statement of 
Changes in 
Equity 
98 
- 
98 
- 
124 
129 
17 
Non-
consolidated 
Cash Flow 
Statement 
99 
- 
99 
- 
124 
129 
- 
Notes to the 
Non-
consolidated 
Financial 
Statements  
100-116 
- 
100-117 
- 
125-126 
130-131 
- 
Auditors’ 
Report in 
respect of the 
Consolidated 
and Non-
consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
- 
1-4 
- 
1-4 
 
127-130 
133-136 
18 
Key Financial 
Ratios and 
Figures 
22-23 
- 
26-27 
- 
131-133 
137-139 
19 
Definitions 
23 
- 
27 
- 
134 
140 
- 
Reconciliation 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means 
any parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents which are themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus will not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to 
“applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent Global 
Note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global Note) which, in 
either case, will:  
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg); and  
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either 
be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and 
any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in 
NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners 
of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the 
certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein 
either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for definitive Notes of the same Series 
with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each 
case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been 
given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or 
other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note (if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of 
Default (as defined in Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business 
or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject 
to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global 
Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 if 
an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice 
by the Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), and interest coupons 
relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Notes and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, 
disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such 
further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and 
form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9. In 
such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) 
has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full 
of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then from 8.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer 
on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to 
the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 3 July 2019 and executed by the Issuer. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, other than where such Notes are Exempt 
Notes, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, if appropriate will be made available which 
will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are 
not Exempt Notes issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK 
MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) – The Notes are [prescribed capital markets 
products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and [Excluded Investment Products]/[Specified 
                                                     
3  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
Investment Products] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]45 
 
[Date] 
SCANIA CV AB (publ) 
Issuer Legal entity identifier (LEI): 529900BZYSUQLQSPNR07 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] [Green Bonds] 
Guaranteed by Scania AB (publ) 
Guarantor Legal entity identifier (LEI): 52990000AKKX75BMWB43 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 30 June 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Base Prospectus has been and the Final Terms 
will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [31 October 2022/ 17 June 2021 / 24 June 
2020 / 3 July 2019 / 13 June 2018 / 16 June 2017] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus 
dated 30 June 2023 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [date] [and [date]]] and are attached hereto.  
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 30 June 
2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Base Prospectus has been and the Final 
Terms will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A).  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs.  Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
 
 (a) 
Series Number: 
[          ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[          ] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [provide issue 
amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of earlier 
Tranches]] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 23 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[        ] 
 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
                                                     
4  
Insert “prescribed capital market products” and “Excluded Investment Products” or, if not, amend Singapore product 
classification. 
5  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary Singapore product classification from the Issuer prior 
to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
 
 Issue Price: 
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
 
 (a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[        ] 
 
 
[        ] 
 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
 
(Note – Where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of €1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].  No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [€199,000].”) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form 
see Conditions): 
[            ] 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
 
 (a) 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B.  An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
 
 Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate/Zero Coupon Notes – specify date/ 
 
 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
 
 Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[        ] month 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/ 
JIBAR/WIBOR/PRIBOR/KORIBOR/RIGIBOR
/TRLIBOR] +/- [    ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
 
(See paragraph [13] ] [14] [15] below) 
 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at [par/[[above par] per cent. 
of their nominal amount] 
 
 Change of Interest Basis 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 
and 14 below and identify there] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Issuer Par Call] 
 
 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
 
[(See paragraph [17] [18] [19] [20] below)] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 [Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
[and Guarantee] obtained: 
[    ] [and [      ], respectively]] 
 
 
(N.B.  Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes or related Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[      ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date  
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[       ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes in global form see Conditions): 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes in global form see Conditions): 
[[       ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date facility [in/on] [       ]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[       ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon] 
 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[         ] 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying Agent): 
[         ] [Not Applicable] (the Calculation 
Agent) 
 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[         ] month [EURIBOR 
STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/ 
JIBAR/WIBOR/PRIBOR/KORIBOR/RIGIBOR
/TRLIBOR] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre 
[Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo/Copenhagen 
/Johannesburg/Warsaw/Prague/Seoul/Riga/Istan
bul] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ] Relevant Financial Centre time 
 
 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR 01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[          ] 
 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [      ] per cent. per annum 
 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual]

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[      ] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] [Actual/360] [Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
 Notice Periods for Condition 6(b): 
Minimum period: [        ] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [        ] days 
 
 Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[        ] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount][Spens 
Amount][Make-whole Amount] 
 
(i) 
[Reference Bond: 
[            ] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption Margin: 
[            ] 
 
(iii) 
Quotation Time: 
[            ]] 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] 
 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [        ] days 
Maximum period: [        ] days 
 
 
(N.B.  when setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of five clearing 
system business days’ notice for a call)  and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent) 
 
 Issuer Par Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Par Call Period: 
From (and including [ ] (the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date 
 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [        ] days 
Maximum period: [        ] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent)

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
 
 Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(N.B. If the Optional Redemption Amount is 
other than a specified amount per Calculation 
Amount, the Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [         ] days 
Maximum period: [         ] days 
 
 
(N.B.  When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent) 
 
 Clean-up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
 
 Final Redemption Amount: 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(Notes must be redeemed at 100 per cent. of 
their nominal value or, if so agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, at a higher 
amount) 
 
 Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default: 
[       ] per Calculation Amount  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
 (a) 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note on or after the Exchange 
Date, which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording 
in the “Form of the Notes” section in the Base 
Prospectus and the Notes themselves.  N.B. The 
exchange upon notice/at any time options should 
not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].” Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No]

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
 
 Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest 
Periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which subparagraphs 
14(c) relates) 
 
 Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made /No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  Each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:  
By:  ................................................................................  
By:  ........................................................................ 
Signed on behalf of Scania CV AB (publ) 
Signed on behalf of Scania CV AB (publ) 
 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By:  ................................................................................  
By:  ........................................................................ 
Signed on behalf of Scania AB (publ) 
Signed on behalf of Scania AB (publ)

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market and listing on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with 
effect from [      ].]  
 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market and listing on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] with effect from [     ].] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[       ] 
 
 
 
 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued 
[have been]/[are expected to be]] rated/[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]:  
 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms]: 
 
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, 
the CRA Regulation).] 
 
 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
[United Kingdom] and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the UK CRA Regulation).]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has been 
previously publishes by the rating provider]  
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the 
rating allocated to Notes of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.)  
 
 
 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, 
the Issuer and the Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[Green Bonds] [See “Use of Proceeds” in the 
Base Prospectus/give details] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different 
from what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, 
give details) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[       ] 
 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[       ] 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[         ] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
(iii) 
CFI:  
[         ] 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the 
Notes are calculated by reference to 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/ 
JIBAR/WIBOR/PRIBOR/KORIBOR/RIGIB
OR/TRLIBOR], which [is/are] provided by 
[insert name[s] of the administrator[s] – if 
more than one specify in relation to each 
relevant benchmark]. 
[As at the date of this Final Terms, [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] 
included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011).]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as 
at the date hereof, 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/ 
JIBAR/WIBOR/PRIBOR/KORIBOR/RIGIB
OR/TRLIBOR] does not fall within the scope 
of Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011] [repeat as 
necessary]] 
 
(vi) 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking SA and the relevant identification 
number(s) and address(es): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), number(s) and 
addresses(es)]  
 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Deemed delivery of clearing system 
notices for the purposes of Condition 13: 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through 
the clearing systems will be deemed to have 
been given on the [second] [business] day

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
after the day on which it was given to 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
(x) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the International 
Central Securities Depositories as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as 
“no” at the date of these Final Terms, should 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  
Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
at any time during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If  Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If  Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the 
UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO GREEN BONDS 
 
(i) 
Green Bonds 
[Yes/No] 
 
(ii) 
[Reviewer(s):] 
[Name of sustainability rating agency(ies) 
[and name of third party assurance agent] and

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
[give details of compliance opinion(s) and 
availability] 
 
(iii) 
[Date of third party opinion(s):] 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Exempt Notes of any Denomination 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
Notes, whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]6 
[MiFID II product governance / target market – – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID 
II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) – The Notes are [prescribed capital markets 
products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and [Excluded Investment Products]/[Specified 
                                                     
6  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
Investment Products] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]78 
[THE CSSF HAS NEITHER APPROVED NOR REVIEWED THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT] 
[Date] 
SCANIA CV AB (publ) 
Issuer Legal entity identifier (LEI): 529900BZYSUQLQSPNR07 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] [Green Bonds] 
Guaranteed by Scania AB (publ) 
Guarantor Legal entity identifier (LEI): 52990000AKKX75BMWB43 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 3 of 
[Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation)]/[the Prospectus Regulation] or section 85 of the 
FSMA or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of [the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018]/ [EUWA] (the UK Prospectus Regulation), in each case, in relation to such offer.]9 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein.  This document must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 30 June 2023 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated 
[date[s]]] (the Base Prospectus).  Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus.  Copies of the Base 
Prospectus may be obtained from Deutsche Bank Luxembourg SA at 2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, 1115 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated [original date] [and the supplement dated 
[date]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus].10 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs.  Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
[must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
 
 (a) 
Issuer: 
[                ] 
(b) 
Guarantor: 
[                ] 
 
Series Number: 
[                ] 
 
(a) 
Tranche Number: 
[                ] 
(b) 
Date on which the Notes will be consolidated 
and form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] 
on [the Issue Date/the date that is 40 days after 
the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 24 
below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]][Not Applicable] 
                                                     
7  
Insert “prescribed capital market products” and “Excluded Investment Products” or, if not, amend Singapore product 
classification. 
8  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary Singapore product classification from the Issuer prior 
to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
9  
Include relevant legend wording here for the EEA and UK if the “Prohibition of Sales” legend and related selling restriction for 
that regime are not included/not specified to be “Applicable” (because the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, or a key 
information document will be prepared under that regime). 
10  
Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under a Base Prospectus with a 
different date.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[                ] 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[                ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[                ] 
 
Issue Price: 
[       ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)] 
 (a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[                ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to calculation 
of interest in global form see Conditions): 
[                ] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
 (a) 
Issue Date: 
[                ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes - 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [  ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[specify other] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
[specify other] 
 Change of Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of 
Notes into another Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis][Not Applicable] 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Issuer Par Call] 
[Clean-up call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
 (a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior 
(c) 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
[and Guarantee] obtained: 
[                ] [and [                ], respectively]] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes or related Guarantee) 
 PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form.) 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form.) 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon] 
(g) 
Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate Notes 
which are Exempt Notes: 
[None/Give details] 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[            ] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following 
 
 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business 
Day Convention/[specify other]] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[            ] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[            ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[       ] month 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/ 
JIBAR/WIBOR/PRIBOR/KORIBOR/RIGIBO
R/TRLIBOR/specify other Reference Rate]. 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo/Copenhagen/Johann
esburg/Warsaw/Prague/Seoul/Riga/Istanbul/ 
specify other Relevant Financial Centre] 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[            ] 
 
 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[            ] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[            ] Relevant Financial Centre time 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation  
[Not Applicable/ Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [ first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[            ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[            ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
 
Other] 
 
 
(See Condition 4  for alternatives) 
(k) 
Fallback provisions, rounding provisions and 
any other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest on Floating Rate Notes 
which are Exempt Notes, if different from 
those set out in the Conditions: 
[            ] 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[            ] 
(c) 
Any other formula/basis of determining 
amount payable for Zero Coupon Notes which 
are Exempt Notes: 
[            ] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[Actual/365] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
 Notice periods for Condition 6(b): 
Minimum period: [            ] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [            ] days 
 Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[            ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and method, if 
any, of calculation of such amount(s): 
[[            ] per Calculation Amount][Spens 
Amount][Make-whole Amount]  
 
(i) 
[Reference Bond: 
[            ] 
(ii) 
Redemption Margin: 
[            ] 
(iii) 
Quotation Time: 
[            ]] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[            ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[            ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
 
 
 
Minimum period: [            ] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [            ] days

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of five clearing 
system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent ) 
 Issuer Par Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Par Call Period: 
From (and including [ ] (the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
 
 
Minimum period: [            ] days 
 
Maximum period: [            ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing 
system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent) 
 Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[            ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and method, if 
any, of calculation of such amount(s): 
[[            ] per Calculation Amount/specify 
other/see Appendix] 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
 
 
 
Minimum period: [            ] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [            ] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing 
system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent) 
 Clean-up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
 Final Redemption Amount: 
[[           ] per Calculation Amount/specify 
other/see Appendix] 
 Early Redemption Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on event of default and/or the 
[[            ] per Calculation Amount/specify 
other/see Appendix]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
method of calculating the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in Condition 6(f): 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose 
of their immobilisation in accordance with 
article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 December 
2005.] 
 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording 
in the “Form of the Notes” section in the Base 
Prospectus and the Notes themselves.) 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
 Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest 
Periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub paragraph 
15(c) relates) 
 Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
 Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing 
Supplement.  [[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:  
By:  ................................................................................  
By:  ........................................................................ 
Signed on behalf of Scania CV AB (publ) 
Signed on behalf of Scania CV AB (publ) 
 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By:  ................................................................................  
By:  ........................................................................ 
Signed on behalf of Scania AB (publ) 
Signed on behalf of Scania AB (publ)

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated [insert details] by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies)] 
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the 
CRA Regulation).] 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the [United 
Kingdom] and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation).]] 
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings 
of the Notes are different to those stated in the Base 
Prospectus) 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and the Guarantor and their 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS (Only relevant for Green Bonds) 
[The proceeds of the issue will be applied by the Issuer for Green Bonds.] [Not Applicable] 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[          ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Benchmarks Regulation: Article 
29(2) statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more than one 
specify in relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
[As at the date of this Pricing Supplement, [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] 
included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011).]/ [As far as the Issuer 
is aware, as at the date hereof, [insert name[s] of 
benchmark(s)] does not fall within the scope of

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011] [repeat as 
necessary]] 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg SA and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[       ] 
(ix) 
Deemed 
delivery 
of 
clearing 
system notices for the purposes of 
Condition 13: 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been given 
on the [second] [business] day after the day on which 
it was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
(x) 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosytem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
UK 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
(viii) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO GREEN BONDS 
(i) 
Green Bonds 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
[Reviewer(s):] 
[Name of sustainability rating agency(ies) [and name 
of third party assurance agent] and [give details of 
compliance opinion(s) and availability] 
(iii) 
[Date of third party opinion(s):] 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into 
each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted 
and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The 
applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions 
which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, 
replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes.  The applicable Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  
Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will 
specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Scania CV AB (publ) (the Issuer) 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note.  
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement dated 30 June 2023 (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the Agency Agreement) and made between the Issuer, Scania AB (publ) (the Guarantor) as 
guarantor, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as issuing and principal paying agent (the Principal Paying 
Agent, which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named 
therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any 
additional or successor paying agents). The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) and the Paying Agents, together referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) or, if this Note 
is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the European Economic Area or (ii) a 
UK regulated market as defined in (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the European Economic Area or (ii) the United 
Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the 
Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 as the case may be (an Exempt Note), the final terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions 
which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the 
Conditions for the purposes of this Note.  References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, 
to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. Any reference 
in the Conditions to applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to include a reference to applicable Pricing 
Supplement where relevant. The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) 
attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be 
deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The payment of all amounts in respect of this Note have been guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to a 
guarantee (such guarantee as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Guarantee) 
dated 29 April 2013 and executed by the Guarantor.  The original of the Guarantee is held by the Principal Paying 
Agent on behalf of the Noteholders and the Couponholders at its specified office. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  Any reference 
herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant dated 3 July 
2019 (such Deed of Covenant as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of 
Covenant) and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for 
Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant are available (i) for inspection 
or collection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be 
provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents or the Issuer and 
provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the 
case may be. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com).  If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by 
a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer 
and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity.  The Noteholders and the Couponholders are 
deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the 
Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements 
in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the 
Specified Currency) and the denomination (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any 
of the foregoing depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery.  The Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon 
as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing 
thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without 
prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other than Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to 
the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall 
be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, 
for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any 
Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly.  Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3 unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) rank equally with all other unsecured obligations (other 
than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time to time outstanding. 
 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
(a) 
(i) 
Subject to this Condition 3(a)(i), so long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall, and the Issuer and the Guarantor shall 
procure that none of their respective Subsidiaries shall, create or permit to subsist any 
mortgage, pledge, lien, charge or other security interest upon the whole or any part of 
their respective present or future undertakings, assets or revenues (including any 
uncalled capital), to secure any (i) existing or future Relevant Indebtedness of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor or (ii) guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor in respect of any existing or future Relevant Indebtedness of a third party, 
without in any such case at the same time according to the Notes either (x) the same 
security as is granted to or is outstanding in respect of such Relevant Indebtedness or 
(y) such other security as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
(ii) 
Nothing in this Condition 3(a) shall prevent the Issuer, the Guarantor or their respective 
Subsidiaries from creating or permitting to subsist any Security Interest upon, or with 
respect to, any of its present or future assets or revenues or any part thereof which is 
created pursuant to any securitisation, asset backed financing or like arrangement and 
whereby all payment obligations in respect of the Relevant Indebtedness or any 
guarantee of or indemnity in respect of the Relevant Indebtedness, as the case may be, 
secured by such Security Interest or having the benefit of such secured guarantee or 
other indemnity, are to be discharged solely from such assets or revenues, if the total 
of such aggregate Relevant Indebtedness and the aggregate Borrowed Monies 
Indebtedness referred to in Condition 3(c) below does not exceed 20 per cent. of the 
consolidated total assets of the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries (determined in 
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted and adopted in Sweden). 
(b) 
Without prejudice to Condition 3(a) and subject to Condition 3(c), so long as any of the Notes 
remain outstanding, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall, and the Issuer and the Guarantor 
shall procure that none of their respective Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any 
Security Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or 
revenues (including uncalled capital) in respect of Borrowed Monies Indebtedness without (a) 
at the same or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing 
such other security for the Notes as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Condition 3(b) does not apply to any Security Interest securing Borrowed Monies Indebtedness 
if the aggregate Borrowed Monies Indebtedness secured by all such Security Interests does not 
exceed 20 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries 
(determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted and adopted in 
Sweden). 
In these Conditions: 
Borrowed Monies Indebtedness of any person means: 
(i) 
any obligations of that person for borrowed money, 
(ii) 
any indebtedness under any acceptance credit opened on behalf of that person, 
(iii) 
any indebtedness of that person under any bond, debenture, note or similar instrument, 
(iv) 
any indebtedness under any bill of exchange on which that person is liable, 
(v) 
any indebtedness of that person in respect of any interest rate or currency swap or forward 
currency sale or purchase or other form of interest or currency hedging transaction (including 
without limit caps, collars and floors), 
(vi) 
any indebtedness of that person under any finance lease,

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
(vii) 
any indebtedness (actual or contingent) of that person under any guarantee, bond, security, 
indemnity or other agreement in respect of any Borrowed Monies Indebtedness of any other 
person, 
(viii) 
any indebtedness (actual or contingent) under any instrument entered into for the purpose of 
raising finance, and 
(ix) 
any indebtedness of that person in respect of a liability to reimburse a purchaser of any 
receivables sold or discounted in the event that any amount of those receivables is not paid; 
Relevant Indebtedness means any loan or other indebtedness in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, 
notes, bonds, debentures or other securities which are, or are to be, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in or traded 
on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market; 
Security Interest means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, without limitation, 
anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
Subsidiary means any entity from time to time of which a person (i) has direct or indirect control or (ii) owns 
directly or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the share capital or similar right of ownership; and 
control for this purpose means the power to direct the management and the policies of the entity, whether through 
the ownership of voting capital, by control or otherwise. 
 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.  For so long as any of the Fixed 
Rate Notes is represented by a Global Note, interest will be calculated on the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note.  In respect of each 
definitive Fixed Rate Note, interest will be calculated on its outstanding nominal amount. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to 
the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.   
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(I) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(II) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the next 
Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date 
is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the 
first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls on the number of months or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In these Terms and Conditions, 
Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant 
payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(i)(B), the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month 
and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) 
above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment 
Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, Business Day means: 
 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional 
Business Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System or any successor or replacement for that 
system (T2) is open; and 
 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of 
the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day 
on which T2 is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
 
the offered quotation; or 
 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a per cent. rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on 
that service which displays the information) as at the Relevant Time (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable.  If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subclause 4(b)(ii)(A), 
no offered quotation appears or, in the case of subclause 4(b)(ii)(B), fewer than three 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Relevant Time, the Reference Banks 
Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Reference Banks Agent 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Reference Banks Agent 
with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Reference Banks Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated 
to (and at the request of) the Reference Banks Agent by the Reference Banks or any 
two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), 
the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR), the Oslo inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR), the Copenhagen inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is CIBOR), the Johannesburg inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is JIBAR), the Warsaw inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is WIBOR), the 
Prague inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is PRIBOR), the Seoul inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is KORIBOR), the Riga inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is RIGIBOR), or the Ankara inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is TRLIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two 
of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Stockholm inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR), the Oslo inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is NIBOR), the Copenhagen inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is CIBOR), 
the Johannesburg inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is JIBAR), the Warsaw 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is WIBOR), the Prague inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is PRIBOR), the Seoul inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
KORIBOR), the Riga inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is RIGIBOR), or the 
Ankara inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is TRLIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Reference Banks Agent means an independent investment bank, commercial bank or 
stockbroker appointed by the Issuer; 
Reference Rate shall mean (i) EURIBOR, (ii) STIBOR, (iii) NIBOR, (iv) CIBOR, (v) JIBAR, 
(vi) WIBOR, (vii) PRIBOR, (viii) KORIBOR, (ix) RIGIBOR, or (x) TRLIBOR, in each case 
for the relevant period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Financial Centre shall mean Brussels, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 
Stockholm, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, Oslo, in the case of a determination of 
NIBOR, Copenhagen, in the case of a determination of CIBOR, Johannesburg, in the case of a 
determination of JIBAR, Warsaw, in the case of a determination of WIBOR, Prague, in the case 
of a determination of PRIBOR, Seoul, in the case of a determination of KORIBOR, Riga, in the

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
case of a determination of RIGIBOR and Istanbul, in the case of a determination of TRLIBOR, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Time shall mean the time in the Relevant Financial Centre as of which any rate is to 
be determined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate 
of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount 
of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global 
Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of 
the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4(b): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual(ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
1
2
(
)]
1
2
(
30
[
)]
1
2
(
[360
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
360
)
1
2
(
)]
1
2
(
30
[
)]
1
2
(
[360
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
360
)
1
2
(
)]
1
2
(
30
[
)]
1
2
(
[360
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, provided however that if there is no 
rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer in consultation with an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in Condition 4(b)(vi) below) determines appropriate and notifies to it.  
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Benchmark Event 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 4(b), if the Issuer, in consultation with 
the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), 
determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time 
when the Conditions provide for any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall 
apply: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonably manner) a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) and any Benchmark Amendments (each as defined 
and as further described below) no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for such next succeeding Interest Period and for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4(b)(vi) during 
any other future Interest Period(s)); 
(B) 
if the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) determines that: 
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the 
applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 4(b)(vi)(C)) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent further operation 
of this Condition 4(b)(vi)); or 
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as 
provided in Condition 4(b)(vi)(C)) shall subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 4(b)(vi)); 
(C) 
if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 
4(b)(vi)(B), the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as 
a specified quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be 
positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of 
a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable), subject to the subsequent further 
operation and adjustment as provided in this Condition 4(b)(vi); 
(D) 
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(vi) and the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, 
Business Days or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with this Condition 4(b)(vi), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent shall (at the Issuer’s expense and direction), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders, be 
obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments  required 
to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(vi), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
or by which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading; and 
(E) 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders of any Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments determined under this Condition 4(b)(vi). Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4(b)(vi), the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b)(ii) will continue to 
apply unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, as applicable) has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be), or, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and Benchmark 
Amendments (if applicable), in accordance with Condition 4(b)(vi)(E). 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, the Issuer is unable 
to appoint an Independent Adviser or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or, 
in either case, applicable Adjustment Spread is determined and notified to the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) pursuant to this provision prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, the Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes 
of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that 
the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Conditions will continue to apply to such 
determination. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(b)(vi):  
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or in the 
case of an Alternative Rate) the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines 
is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary usage in international debt 
capital markets transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be); or 
(C) 
(if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference 
Rate (as the case may be);  
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith determines in accordance with Condition 4(b)(vi)(B) has replaced 
the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the 
same interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the Independent 
Adviser determines there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser acting in 
good faith determines is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(vi)(D); 
 
Benchmark Event means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing permanently to be calculated, administered and published; or 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (B)(i); 
or 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been  permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (D)(i); 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (E)(i) above; 
(F) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for any 
Paying Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other 
party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder 
using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); or 
(G) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of such Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is or 
will, on or before a date specified, be no longer representative and (ii) the date falling 
six months prior to the specified date referred to in (G)(i) above; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. For the avoidance of doubt, an Independent Adviser 
appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(vi) shall act in good faith as an expert and (in the 
absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 4(b)(vi); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any Interest Periods(s) 
(provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally-specified Reference 
Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a 
(or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term “Original Reference Rate” shall 
include any such Successor Rate of Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank , reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate or, where 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate has been determined pursuant to Condition 4(b)(vi)(B), 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as applicable, which is formally recommended or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(vii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed by no later than the first day of each Interest Period and notice 
thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the 
time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.  For the purposes of 
this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(viii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
4(b) by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence 
of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the 
absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease 
to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note 
has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means 
the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall 
for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the 
amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) 
will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in 
the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the 
expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether 
or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from 
the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued 
in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes due 
and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in 
respect thereof.  A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on 
issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable 
thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on 
which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal 
amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case 
may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable, against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States.  A record of each payment, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any 
payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was 
presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(d) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will be discharged 
by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each 
of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer or, 
as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on 
the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
(e) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these purposes, 
Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(ii) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on which 
T2 is open; 
(iii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
(f) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(v) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7. 
 
 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note 
is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is Floating Rate Note), on 
giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 or the Guarantor would be 
unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment by the Issuer and in making payment 
itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7) or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor taking 
reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer or, as the case may be, two Directors of the Guarantor stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in paragraph (g) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on 
any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Where the Optional Redemption Amount is Spens Amount or 
Make-whole Amount, any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or 
more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer’s discretion, the 
Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied 
(or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may 
be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the 
Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so 
delayed. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the 
Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if either Spens Amount or Make-whole Amount is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, will be: 
(i) 
if Spens Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the higher of (i) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the nominal 
amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price, as reported to the Issuer 
by the Determination Agent, at which the gross redemption yield to maturity on such Notes on 
the Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield (determined by reference to the 
middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus 
the Redemption Margin; or

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
(ii) 
if Make-whole Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the higher of (i) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the sum 
of the present values of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and the 
Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) 
and such present values shall be calculated by discounting such amounts to the date of 
redemption on an annual basis (based on the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin, all as determined by the 
Determination Agent. 
In this Condition 6(c): 
DA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which if the Specified Currency is euro, 
will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Determination Agent as having an actual or 
interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes, that would be utilised, at the time 
of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of 
the Notes; 
Determination Agent means a leading investment bank or financial institution of international standing 
selected by the Issuer; 
Gross Redemption Yield means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such security, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out by the United 
Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper “Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields”, 
page 4, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae “Conventional Gilts”; “Double dated and Undated Gilts with 
Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date” (published 8 June 1998, as amended or 
updated from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and 
rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted 
market practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with 
generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the Determination Agent; 
Quotation Time shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest 
and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, (b) if the Determination Agent obtains 
fewer than four but more than one such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic 
average of all such quotations, (c) if the Determination Agent obtains only one such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotation, such quotation so obtained, or (d) if no Reference Government 
Bond Dealer Quotations are provided, the price determined by the Determination Agent (or failing which 
the Issuer, in consultation with the Determination Agent), acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as 
a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption; 
Reference Date will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their affiliates, 
which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Determination 
Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of 
its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination 
Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term to maturity of such Note (or, if Issuer Par 
Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the remaining term up to the Par Call

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
Period Commencement Date) determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from 
and including the date on which such Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6(c). 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be selected 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance 
with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg) (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion); in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to 
the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date).  In the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed 
Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption.  No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and 
including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this 
paragraph (c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Par Call) 
If Issuer Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes then outstanding in whole, but 
not in part, at any time during the Par Call Period specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of 
such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must deliver, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent 
falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time 
being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the 
holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition and the Put 
Notice must be accompanied by, if this Note is in definitive form, this Note or evidence satisfactory to 
the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order 
or under its control.   
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note 
must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance 
with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice 
being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for 
them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable except 
where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in 
which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 9. 
(f) 
Clean-up call 
If Clean-up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that 75 per 
cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes initially issued (which shall include, for these purposes, 
any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 15 have been redeemed pursuant to Conditions 6(e) or 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6(h), the Issuer may, having given not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the 
Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) all but not some only of, the Notes then outstanding at their

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
principal amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption. The notice 
referred to in the preceding sentence shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption. 
(g) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 9: 
(i) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; 
and  
(ii) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP X (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year 
consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor may at any time purchase 
Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining 
thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise.  If purchases are made by 
tender, tenders must be available to all Noteholders alike.  Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, 
at the option of the Issuer or the Guarantor, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled and 
any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (h) above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot 
be reissued or resold. 
(j) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (g)(ii) above as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note 
becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes 
or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such 
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or 
Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note 
or Coupon:   
(a) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of the 
holder having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or 
Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent 
that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for 
payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 
5(e)); or 
(c) 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder who would not be liable or subject to the withholding 
or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the 
relevant tax authority; or 
(d) 
presented for payment in Sweden. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means Sweden or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the 
full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent on 
or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having 
been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) or any Talon which 
would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes or any of them provided that in the case of the Issuer, if the reason for the 
failure is a technical or administrative error, there will only be an Event of Default if the Issuer 
fails to make payment within three Business Days (in the case of payment of principal) and 
seven Business Days (in the case of payment of interest) of the due date; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other material obligations 
under these Conditions or the Guarantee and (except in any case where the failure is incapable 
of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the 
failure continues for the period of 30 days next following the service by a Noteholder on the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if any Borrowed Monies Indebtedness of the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Principal Subsidiary: 
(i) 
is not paid or repaid when due or within any applicable grace period; or 
(ii) 
becomes capable of being declared due and payable before its stated date of payment 
by virtue of an event or circumstance which is material to the financial position of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or a Principal Subsidiary or, in the case of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, their ability to perform their payment obligations under this Agreement; or 
(iii) 
becomes due and payable before its stated date of payment, and is not then paid within 
three Business Days, 
provided that the amount of Borrowed Monies Indebtedness referred to in subparagraph (a), (b) 
or (c) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds 1 per cent. of the consolidated total assets 
of the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries (determined in accordance with accounting principles 
generally accepted and adopted in Sweden); or

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, save for the purposes 
of reorganisation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(e) 
if the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its Principal Subsidiaries stops or threatens to stop payment 
of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, 
or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is 
adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f) 
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other 
similar laws, or an application is made for the appointment of an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, 
manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of its Principal Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or 
a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrance takes 
possession of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out 
or put in force against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them 
and (ii) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within 30 
days; or 
(g) 
if the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its Principal Subsidiaries initiates or consents to judicial 
proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or 
enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of 
its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or 
composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); or 
(h) 
any event which under the laws of Sweden has an analogous effect to any of the events referred 
to in paragraphs (d) to (f) above; or 
(i) 
if at any time any act, condition or thing required to be done, fulfilled or performed in order (i) 
to enable the Issuer and the Guarantor lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights under and 
perform the obligations expressed to be assumed by it under and in respect of the Notes and the 
Guarantee, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable or (iii) 
to make the Notes and the Coupons and the Guarantee admissible in evidence in Sweden is not 
done, fulfilled or performed; or 
(j) 
if at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply 
with any or all of their respective obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee 
or any of the obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor thereunder are not or cease to be legal, 
valid and binding; or 
(k) 
the Issuer ceases to be a subsidiary wholly owned and controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
Guarantor; or 
(l) 
the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, declare any Notes 
held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and 
payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(g)), together with accrued interest 
(if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
In these Conditions: 
Principal Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Guarantor whose consolidated total assets are greater 
than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries.  This will be 
calculated on the basis of the then most recent annual audited consolidated accounts of the Guarantor 
and its subsidiaries.  If there is any dispute as to whether a particular Subsidiary is or is not a Principal 
Subsidiary, a report by the auditors for the time being of the Guarantor shall, in the absence of manifest 
error, be conclusive and binding.  For the purposes of this definition, references to consolidated total 
assets will be determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted and adopted in 
Sweden and, where a Subsidiary does not itself have any Subsidiaries, any reference to “consolidated” 
shall be ignored.  In addition, the following will apply if certain events occur after the date of the balance 
sheet in the most recent audited consolidated accounts (the Accounts):

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
 
Event 
Consequence 
Acquisition or disposal of a Subsidiary 
The Accounts will be adjusted to reflect this acquisition 
or disposal.  For this purpose the most recent audited 
consolidated accounts of the Subsidiary which has been 
acquired or disposed of will be used. 
Transfer by a Principal Subsidiary of all or 
substantially all of its assets to another 
Subsidiary 
The transferee will become a Principal Subsidiary and 
the transferor will cease to be a Principal Subsidiary. 
Intra-group transfer or reorganisation 
The Accounts will be adjusted to reflect the transfer or 
reorganisation. 
 
For this purpose the most recent audited accounts of 
Subsidiaries involved in the transfer or reorganisation 
will be used. 
The consequences described above will only apply to the date of publication of the next audited 
consolidated accounts. 
 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as 
may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will 
be issued. 
 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out below.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with 
any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; and 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the 
relevant stock exchange (or any other relevant authority); and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer or the Guarantor is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City 
in the circumstances described in Condition 5(d).  Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in 
Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholder.  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted 
or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
agent. 
 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include 
Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it 
appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. 
 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (i) in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (ii) if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to 
trading on, and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Luxembourg and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website, www.luxse.com.  It is expected 
that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger 
Wort in Luxembourg.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
with the rules of any stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on 
the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the 
first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for 
such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as 
any Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) so 
require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or 
in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.  Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on such day as is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent.  Whilst 
any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner 
as the Principal Paying Agent, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve 
for this purpose. 
 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons the Guarantee 
or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer, or the 
Guarantor or Noteholders holding not less than ten per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
remaining outstanding.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes 
the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons or the Guarantee  (including modifying the 
date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or 
the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  The Agency 
Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) 
a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant 
clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective 
as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will 
be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not they voted 
on the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which 
is not in the sole opinion of the Issuer prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest 
starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available 
apart from that Act. 
 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, are governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 17(b)(iii) below, the English courts are to have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including 
any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or 
the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly 
each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 17(b), the Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably waives any 
objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate 
forum to settle any Dispute and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any 
proceedings brought in the English courts in relation to any Dispute shall be conclusive and 
binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
(iii) 
This Condition 17(b) is for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders only.  To the 
extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute 
or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent 
proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer and the Guarantor each irrevocably appoints Scania Finance Great Britain Limited (a company 
registered with company number 02173954) whose registered office is situated at 55 Baker Street, London W1U 
7EU, United Kingdom and whose business address is Delaware Drive, Tongwell, Milton Keynes MK15 8HB, 
United Kingdom as its agent for service of process, in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any 
Dispute, and agrees and undertakes that, in the event of Scania Finance Great Britain Limited being unable or 
unwilling so to act for any reason, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Dispute.  The Issuer and the Guarantor each agrees that failure by a process agent to 
notify it of any process will not invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any 
other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes 
which include making a profit, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement). In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement), the Issuer intends to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an issue of Notes 
specifically for Green Projects, in accordance with its Green Bond Framework (defined below) which is available 
on its website at: https://www.scania.com/group/en/home/investors/bondholders/green-bond-framework.html. 
Such Notes may also be referred to as “Green Bonds”.  
Green Projects have been (or will be, as the case may be) selected by the Issuer from time to time in 
accordance with the categorisation of eligibility for Green Bonds set out in the Green Bond Framework which 
sets out the added environmental criteria required for such issuances. The criteria for qualification as a Green 
Project under the Green Bond Framework may change from time to time. Recognising that the green bond market 
and best practices are still evolving, the Issuer will strive to monitor market developments and, when deemed 
necessary, make appropriate updates to the Green Bond Framework in order to reflect best market practice. 
The Issuer has obtained a second-party opinion from Centre for International Climate Research 
(CICERO (a provider of independent reviews of green bonds) on the Green Bond Framework confirming that 
these align with the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles 2018 and providing 
a “dark green” shading. The second party opinion and the Green Bond Framework are, and any updates to the 
Green 
Bond 
Framework 
will 
be, 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.scania.com/group/en/home/investors/bondholders/green-bond-framework.html. 
The Issuer will publish a yearly report which will describe the use of proceeds and adherence to the 
Green Terms set out in the Green Bond Framework. The report will include details of the Green Projects including 
information on certain key environmental indicators (such as energy consumption and carbon footprint), and will 
be 
published 
annually 
and 
be 
generally 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.scania.com/group/en/home/investors/bondholders/green-bond-framework.html for so long as the 
Issuer has Green Bonds outstanding.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available 
in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any Green Projects to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, neither any such opinion or 
certification nor the Green Bond Framework is, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or forming part of 
this Base Prospectus. Neither such opinion or certification nor the Green Bond Framework is, nor should be 
deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any 
such Green Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that opinion or certification was 
initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the 
purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are 
not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. See further information under the risk factor 
above headed, "Risk Factors - In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green 
Bond, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an 
investor" 
For the avoidance of doubt, other than the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference 
(see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information to the website to which this Base Prospectus refers 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
Introduction  
Scania AB (publ) (Scania AB) is a public limited liability company (as defined by the Swedish 
Companies Act) and the parent company of Scania CV AB. Scania AB is majority controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by Volkswagen AG. Scania AB’s registered office is located at SE-151 87 Södertälje, Sweden and the 
telephone number is +46 8 5538 1000. The company was registered on 8 November, 1973 under Swedish 
corporate identity number 556184-8564 and operates under Swedish Law. Scania AB is incorporated for an 
indefinite period. 
The Guarantor is, indirectly, the ultimate holding company of all the companies in the Scania AB group 
(the Scania AB Group) and its assets are substantially comprised of shares in such companies. It does not conduct 
any other business and is accordingly dependent on the other members of the Scania AB Group and revenues 
received from them. 
Scania AB’s share capital is divided into 400,000,000 A shares and 400,000,000 B shares. In June 2019, 
an initial public offering reduced Volkswagen AG’s direct shareholding in Scania AB from 100 per cent.   
As at 31 December 2022, TRATON SE owns and controls 100 per cent. of the shares in Scania AB. 
TRATON SE is a majority owned subsidiary of Volkswagen AG (Volkswagen controls, directly or 
indirectly, 89.72 per cent. of the shares in TRATON SE) and is listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and the 
Nasdaq Stockholm Stock Exchange. Both Scania and TRATON are members of the Volkswagen Group. 
History 
Vabis, which traces its origins back to 1891, manufactured Sweden’s first passenger car in 1897, 
Sweden’s first truck in 1902 and Sweden’s first bus in 1911. In 1911, Vabis merged with Scania and formed 
Scania-Vabis, and in 1969 the company merged with the former Saab AB to form Saab-Scania. In 1991, Saab-
Scania became a wholly owned subsidiary of Investor AB. 
Scania AB, formerly an operating division of Saab-Scania, was organised as a separate corporation in 
1995 and Scania AB was listed on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm and introduced on the New York Stock Exchange 
(NYSE) on 1 April, 1996. In January 2003, Scania AB was de-listed from the New York Stock Exchange. On 21 
February 2014 Volkswagen AG announced a public takeover offer to the minority shareholders of Scania AB 
which ended on 5 June 2014. Following such offer Volkswagen AG acquired a total of 99.57 per cent. of the 
shares and Scania AB was delisted from Nasdaq Stockholm. 
Russian operations 
On 13 September 2022 Scania announced its intention to dispose of its business operations in Russia and 
the divestment of the commercial operations was completed on 14 December 2022, whilst the divestment of the 
financial operations was finalised on 17 January 2023. The production site in St Petersburg is being liquidated. 
The impairment loss in the Financial Services segment prior to tax amounted to SEK 2,294 million (as at 31 
December 2022), whilst the impairment and capital loss in the Vehicles and Services segment amounted to SEK 
1,126 million as at 31 December 2022 and was treated as an item affecting comparability impacting Scania’s 
operating income negatively.   
Recent Developments in 2023  
On 1 April 2023, the TRATON GROUP established the foundation of a group-wide captive and 
integrated financial services business unit. As a first step, on 1 April 2023, Scania’s global Financial Services 
business (formerly a fully integrated captive financial service provider) was transferred to TRATON Sweden AB, 
which is controlled by TRATON SE. The newly formed TRATON Financial Services provides tailored financing 
solutions for new and used vehicles purchased by Scania Vehicles and Services customers via Scania Vehicles 
and Services dealer network. It also offers vehicle-related insurances and insurance solutions related to the finance 
contract. As a result of this transfer, the financial services segment is presented as discontinued operations in 
Scania’s Q1 2023 Interim Report and the assets are classified as held for sale as at 31 March 2023. Further, the 
transfer impacts the segment reporting of Scania going forward as outlined in note 3 (Segment Reporting) in the 
Q1 2023 Interim Report.  
On 30 May 2023 Scania announced that it would close down part of the plant in Słupsk, Poland, that is 
producing bodies for Scania chassis. To deliver on Scania’s customer promise to be a global trusted partner for 
complete solutions and ensure the ability to better meet market requirements and customer demands, Scania’s bus 
and coach business will be reshaped to have a leaner structure in order to improve speed and flexibility. A focused

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
approach to Scania’s product portfolio and development ahead means that Scania will continue to manufacture 
rear and front engine chassis with broad options of powertrains, but cease body production for Scania bus chassis 
and discontinue the production of Scania Citywide, Scania Interlink, and Low floor-chassis.  With the updated 
strategy, Scania will continue to offer complete buses and coaches in increased cooperation with selected 
bodybuilders and partners in the industry which increasingly builds on Scania’s strengths: the modular system, an 
extensive service network and strong global and local partnerships with bodybuilders. The body production at the 
Słupsk plant will be wound down and will cease by the first quarter of 2024. This decision will not affect chassis 
production in Słupsk nor other Scania entities in Poland. 
Board of Directors of Scania AB 
The board of directors consists of seven members who are elected at the annual general meeting of 
shareholders. Apart from the elected members, there are two members who are employee representatives and two 
deputy members, both of whom are employee representatives. 
 
Name 
Function 
Other Directorships or Activities  
Michael Jackstein 
Chairman Board member of Navistar Inc., Volkswagen Truck & Bus Indústria e 
Comércio de Veículos Ltda., Supervisory Board of MAN Truck & Bus
SE, Chairperson of the Board of Directors of TRATON Treasury AB,
Board member of Volkswagen Middle East QFZ LLC. 
Christian Levin 
Member 
President and CEO of Scania since 2021. President and CEO TRATON
SE. 
Lilian Fossum Biner 
Member 
Member of Audit Committee. Board member of Carlsberg Group, 
Givaudan S.A. a-connect (group) ag, LeDap Group AB, Alfa Laval AB
and Röko AB  
Gunnar Kilian 
Member 
Member of the Supervisory Board of TRATON SE. Supervisory Board
mandates at Wolfsburg AG, Autostadt GmbH, Audi AG, Volkswagen 
AG, MAN Energy Solutions, MAN Truck & Bus SE, Volkswagen
Group Services GmbH, FAW-Volkswagen Automotive Co., 
Volkswagen Immobilien GmbH and Allianz für die Region GmbH. 
Julia Kuhn-Piëch 
Member 
Member of the Supervisory Board of TRATON SE, AUDI AG and 
MAN Truck & Bus SE. 
Nina Macpherson 
Member 
Member of the Supervisory Board of TRATON SE and member of its 
Audit Committee since 2019. Member of the Board of Scandinavian 
Enviro Systems AB, member of the Board of Netel Holding AB and 
Chair of its Remuneration Committee, Chairman of Ecocide Law 
Alliance Foundation. 
Christian Porsche 
Member 
Member of the Supervisory Board of TRATON SE and MAN Truck 
& bus SE. 
Mark Philipp Porsche 
Member 
Member of the Supervisory Board of MAN Truck & Bus SE and serves
on comparable governing bodies of the following companies: Familie 
Porsche AG Beteiligungsgesellschaft (Austria), FAP Beteiligungen 
AG (Austria), and SEAT S. A. (Spain).  
Stephanie Porsche-Schröder Member 
Member of the Board of MAN SE and MAN Truck & Bus SE. 
Peter Wallenberg Jr 
Member 
Chair of the Board of Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation,
Wallenberg Foundations AB, The Grand Group AB. Board member of
Atlas Copco AB. 
Mari Carlquist 
Member 
Employee representative of PTK at Scania. Employee representative, 
Supervisory Board of TRATON SE 
Lisa Lorentzon 
Member 
Employee representative of PTK at Scania. Employee representative, 
TRATON SE 
Mikael Johansson 
Member 
Employee representative of the Swedish Metal Workers’ Union at 
Scania.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
Name 
Function 
Other Directorships or Activities  
Michael Lyngsie 
Member 
Employee representative of the Swedish Metal Workers’ Union at
Scania. Employee representative, Supervisory Board of TRATON SE 
Maja Lundberg 
Deputy 
member 
Representative of PTK at Scania. 
Bo Luthin 
Deputy 
member 
Representative of the Swedish Metal Workers’ Unions at Scania.
Deputy member of the Board of Directors since 2020 Employee
Representative, supervisory Board of TRATON SE. 
 
The business address of the persons mentioned above is Scania AB, SE-151 87 Södertälje, Sweden. 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties to the Guarantor of the directors and their private 
interests or other duties to the best of the Guarantor’s knowledge.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF SCANIA AB 
Scania AB is a holding company which as at 31 December 2022 owned Scania CV AB. 
The information set out in this Base Prospectus in the tables below is directly derived from, and should 
be read in conjunction with, the sections of Scania AB’s Annual Reports for 2022 and 2021 which are incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus and which include Scania AB’s annual consolidated and legal entity financial 
statements audited by Ernst & Young AB for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.  
SCANIA AB GROUP CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT11 
 
Amounts in SEK m. unless otherwise stated 
Full year 
2022
2021 
Revenue 
170,004
146,146 
Cost of goods sold and services rendered 
-128,379
-109,871 
Gross income 
41,625
36,275 
Research and development expenses 
-8,799
-6,411 
Selling expenses 
-14,445
-11,268 
Administrative expenses 
-2,635
-2,144 
Other operating income 
1,872
769 
Other operating expenses 
-1,647
-698 
Items affecting comparability 
-3,596
-5,229 
Operating income 
12,375
11,294 
Interest income 
1,467
673 
Interest expenses 
-557
-794 
Share of income from associated companies and joint ventures 
-76
-19 
Other financial income 
978
632 
Other financial expenses 
-1,788
-655 
Items affecting comparability 
-
-315 
Total financial items 
24
-478 
Income before taxes 
12,399
10,816 
Taxes 
-4,541
-3,640 
Net income for the period 
7,858
7,176 
 
Other comprehensive income 
 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss 
 
Translation differences  
Reversed cumulative translation differences from divested companies 
3,366
 
374
1,545 
Income tax relating to items that may be reclassified  
60
39 
3,800
1,584 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
 
Re-measurement defined benefit plans1 
4,244
237 
Equity instruments 
-66
483 
Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified  
-871
-122 
3,307
598 
Other comprehensive income for the period 
7,107
2,182 
Total comprehensive income for the period 
14,965
9,358 
                                                     
11  
Scania’s Financial Services business was transferred to TRATON as of 1 April 2023. As a result of this transfer, the Financial 
Services segment is presented as discontinued operations in Scania’s Q1 2023 Interim Report and the assets are classified as held 
for sale as at 31 March 2023. The transfer impacts the segment reporting of Scania going forward as outlined in note 3 (Segment 
reporting) in the Q1 2023 Interim Report.  See also notes 5 (Assets held for sale and discontinued operation) and 7 (Events after 
the reporting period) to the Q1 2023 Interim Report and "Description of the Guarantor - Recent Developments in 2023", above.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
 
Net income attributable to: 
 
Scania AB shareholders 
7,858
7,172 
Non-controlling interest 
0
4 
Total comprehensive income attributable to: 
Scania shareholders 
14,965
9,354 
Non-controlling interest 
0
4 
Operating income includes depreciation of  
-12,299
-11,239 
 
 
SCANIA AB GROUP CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET12  
 
 
 
Amounts in SEK  m. unless otherwise stated 
31 December 
2022 
2021
Assets 
Non-current assets 
Intangible assets 
14,995 
13,587
Tangible assets  
44,456 
41,465
Lease assets 
24,926 
26,659
Shares and participations 
2,839 
2,410
Interest-bearing receivables 
69,690 
57,507
Other receivables13 
11,146 
8,477
Current assets 
Inventories 
30,673 
23,943
Interest-bearing receivables 
44,184 
35,646
Other receivables 14 
22,088 
18,484
Current investments 
1,873 
386
Cash and cash equivalents 
19,125 
29,262
Assets held for sale 
4,668 
-
Total assets 
290,663 
257,826
Total equity and liabilities 
Equity 
Scania shareholders 
79,566 
68,189
Non-controlling interest 
59 
24
Total equity 
79,625 
68,213
Non-current liabilities 
Interest-bearing liabilities 
76,828 
62,192
Provisions for pensions 
7,853 
12,455
Other provisions 
4,061 
3,394
Other liabilities15 
16,779 
15,177
Current liabilities 
Interest-bearing liabilities 
46,862 
37,953
Provisions 
4,578 
13,540
                                                     
12  
Scania’s Financial Services business was transferred to TRATON as of 1 April 2023. As a result of this transfer, the Financial 
Services segment is presented as discontinued operations in Scania’s Q1 2023 Interim Report and the assets are classified as held 
for sale as at 31 March 2023. The transfer impacts the segment reporting of Scania going forward as outlined in note 3 (Segment 
reporting) in the Q1 2023 Interim Report.  See also notes 5 (Assets held for sale and discontinued operation) and 7 (Events after 
the reporting period) to the Q1 2023 Interim Report and "Description of the Guarantor - Recent Developments in 2023", above. 
13  
See table 1 
14  
See table 2 
15  
See table 3

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
Other liabilities16 
53,840 
44,902
Liabilities directly attributable to assets held for sale 
237 
-
Total equity and liabilities 
290,663 
257,826
 
 
 
 
Table 1 Non-current assets – Other 
receivables SEK m 
2022 
2021 
 
Table 3 Non-current liabilities – Other 
liabilities, SEK m 
2022 
2021 
Other Non-current Receivables 
4,003 
2,351 
 
Accrued Expenses and Deferred Income 
7,385 
6,902 
   of which, Derivatives with positive MV 
2,158 
845 
 
Deferred Tax Liabilities 
2,870 
3,409 
Deferred Tax Assets 
6,507 
5,570 
 
Other Non-current Liabilities 
6,524 
4,866 
Tax Receivables 
636 
556 
 
Total Non-current liabilities – Other 
liabilities 
16,779 
15,177 
Total Non-current assets – Other 
Receivables 
11,146 
8,477 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table 4 Current liabilities – Other 
liabilities, SEK m 
2022 
2021 
Table 2 Current assets – Other 
receivables, SEK m 
2022 
2021 
 
Accrued Expenses and Deferred Income 
19,730 
18,014 
Other Current Receivables 
9,315 
8,043 
 
Advance Payments from Customers 
2,223 
2,459 
   of which, Derivatives with positive MV 
639 
863 
 
Trade Payables 
20,441 
15,301 
Non-Interest-Bearing Trade Receivables 
11,363 
8,859 
 
Tax Liabilities  
2,733 
1,711 
Tax Receivables 
1,410 
1,582 
 
Other Current Liabilities 
8,713 
7,417 
Total Current assets – Other 
Receivables 
22,088 
18,484 
 
Total Current liabilities – Other 
Liabilities 
53,840 
44,902 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2021 
 
 
 
 
Equity/Assets ratio, per cent.* 
27.4 
26.5 
 
 
 
 
* Calculated as total equity as a percentage of total assets  
SCANIA AB GROUP CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
 
Amounts in SEK  m. unless otherwise stated 
Full year 
2022 
 
2021
Operating activities 
 
 
Income before tax 
12,399 
 
10,816
Items not affecting cash flow 
15,530 
 
10,976
Taxes paid 
-5693 
 
-4,613
 
 
Cash flow from operating activities before change in working capital 
22,236 
 
17,179
Change in working capital 
 
 
Total change in working capital 
-27,372 
 
-10,547
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash flow from operating activities 
-5,136 
 
6,632
Investing activities  
 
 
Net investments through acquisitions/divestments of businesses 
-768 
 
-45
Net investments in non-current assets  
-8,280 
 
-8,664
 
 
Cash flow from investing activities 
attributable to operating activities 
-9,048 
 
-8,709
Cash flow after investing activities attributable to operating activities 
-14,184 
 
-2,077
Investments in securities and loans  
-1,387 
 
-309
Cash flow from investing activities 
-10,435 
 
-9018
                                                     
16  
See table 4

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
Cash flow before financing activities 
-15,571 
 
-2,386
Financing activities 
 
 
Change in debt from financing activities  
11,589 
 
1,677
Transactions with non-controlling interests 
0 
 
-2 
Dividend 
-3,588 
 
-2,700
Cash flow from financing activities 
8,001 
 
-1,025
Cash flow for the period 
-7,570 
 
-3,411
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period  
-29,262 
 
32,268
Exchange rate differences in cash and cash equivalents 
797 
 
405
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
22,489 
 
29,262
 
 
Cash flow statement Vehicles and services 
 
 
Cash flow from operating activities before change in working capital 
21,395 
 
15,315
Change in working capital  
-16,502 
 
-986
Cash flow from operating activities 
4,893 
 
14,329
Cash flow from investing activities attributable to operating activities 
-9,409 
 
-8,791
Cash flow after investing activities attributable to operating activities 
-4,516 
 
5,538

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Introduction  
Scania CV AB (publ) (Scania CV AB) is a public limited liability company (as defined by the Swedish 
Companies Act). Scania CV AB’s registered office is located at SE-151 87 Södertälje, Sweden and the telephone 
number is +46 8 5538 1000. It operates under Swedish law and its Swedish corporate identity number is 556084-
0976. Scania CV AB is a company established for an unlimited duration. Scania CV AB is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Scania AB and the parent company of all subsidiaries within the group (the Scania CV AB Group). 
Overview 
The Scania CV AB Group develops and manufactures trucks and buses for heavy road transport, and 
industrial and marine engines. 
The Scania CV AB Group also provides financing, services and service-related products to its customers. 
Registered in Sweden, the Scania CV AB Group’s principal production and assembly plants are located 
in Europe and Latin America. The Scania CV AB Group is present in more than 100 countries around the world 
through its sales and service network. In 2022, the Scania CV AB Group delivered 84,674 heavy vehicles, a 
decrease of 6 per cent. compared to 2021.  
Excluding Financial Services17, trucks represented 61 per cent. of the Scania CV AB Group’s  sales in 
2022. The Scania CV AB Group is increasing its focus on service-related products, which represented 22 per cent. 
of sales in 2022. Buses represented 5 per cent., used vehicles and other products represented 9 per cent. of the 
Scania CV AB Group’s sales. Further details can be found in the table on page 90, below.  
In 2022, the Scania CV AB Group had total sales revenues of SEK 170,004 million (compared to SEK 
146,146 million in 2021), total operating income of SEK 12,375 million (compared to SEK 11,294 million in 
2021) and total assets at year-end 2022 of SEK 289,649 million (compared to SEK 257,618 million at year-end 
2021). Excluding Financial Services, the total assets at year-end 2022 amounted to SEK 150,233 million 
(compared to SEK 143,387 million at year-end 2021).  
The Scania CV AB Group’s production system is global, with manufacturing plants in a number of 
countries.  
At year-end 2022, the Scania CV AB Group had 56,927 employees (compared to 54,000 at year-end 
2021). In Vehicles and Services, the number of employees at year-end 2022 was 55,684 (compared to 52,794 at 
year-end 2021). In Financial Services, the number of employees at year-end 2022 was 1,243 (compared to 1,206 
at year-end 2021)18. 
Relationship with Scania AB 
On 4 September 1962, Aktiebolaget Redur-Fyra was registered for an indefinite period as a subsidiary 
of Scania AB and on 23 March 1994 the name was changed to, and registered as, Scania CV AB. On 1 January, 
2004 Scania CV AB acquired Scania AB’s shares in Scania Latin America Ltda, Scania Argentina S.A., Scania 
Chile S.A. and Scania del Peru S.A. Scania CV AB is thus today the parent company of all operating subsidiaries 
within the Scania CV AB Group. 
                                                     
17  
Scania’s Financial Services business was transferred to TRATON as of 1 April 2023. See "Description of the Guarantor - Recent 
Developments in 2023", below. 
18  
Scania’s Financial Services business was transferred to TRATON as of 1 April 2023. See "Description of the Guarantor - Recent 
Developments in 2023", below.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
 
Management of Scania CV AB 
The members of the board of directors are the same for Scania CV AB as for Scania AB. After the board 
of directors, Scania’s top decision-making body is the Executive Board. It decides on issues of a long-term, 
strategic nature. Group management consists of the Executive Board and the heads of each corporate unit. The 
corporate units have operating responsibility for carrying out the established strategies. Scania CV AB’s Executive 
Board consists of the following persons: 
 
Name 
Function 
Other Directorships or 
Activities 
Christian Levin 
President and CEO 
Member Board of Directors 
President and CEO TRATON 
SE 
Jonas Rickberg 
Executive Vice President and CFO 
None 
Stefano Fedel 
Executive Vice President, Head of  Sales and 
Marketing 
None 
Anders Williamsson 
Executive Vice President, Head of Industrial 
Operations  
None 
Jeanna Tällberg 
Executive Vice President, Head of People and 
Culture 
None 
Mats Gunnarsson 
Executive Vice President, Head of Commercial 
Operations 
None 
Camilla Dewoon 
Executive Vice President, Head of Communications 
and Sustainability 
None 
 
 
 
Gustaf Sundell 
Executive Vice President, Head of Mobility 
Solutions 
None 
 
 
 
Marcus Holm 
Executive Vice President, Head of Production & 
Logistic 
None 
 
 
 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer of the Executive Board and of the 
directors and their private interests or other duties to the best of the Issuer’s knowledge. 
The business address of the persons mentioned above is Scania CV AB, SE-151 87 Södertälje, Sweden.  
Corporate Statement 
Scania CV AB Group’s objective is to deliver optimised heavy trucks and buses, engines and services, 
to provide a high quality total operating framework for its customers, and thereby to be one of the leading 
companies in its industry based on its core values, its focus on methods and the dedicated people of Scania.  
Scania AB 
Scania CV AB 
Finance 
companies 
(transferred to 
TRATON Sweden AB 
as of 1 April 2023) 
Other 
companies 
Production 
companies 
Market 
companies

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
Scania’s core values − customer first, respect for the individual and quality − form the basis of Scania’s culture, 
leadership and business success. 
Heavy transport vehicles 
Vehicles in the heavy segment are often driven long distances and have a high degree of utilisation. 
Transport operations in this segment are dependent on appropriately specified and reliable vehicles as well as 
comprehensive services in order to be profitable. 
Modular product system 
From Scania CV AB Group’s modular product system, customers can select optimised vehicles. 
Modularisation begins and ends with the customer. The starting point is its customers’ diverse operations and 
needs – different tasks, varying climates, good or poor infrastructure, long or short driving distances. The modular 
product system is Scania’s answer to customers’ demands for different specifications. The number of parts in 
Scania’s products is limited due to modularisation, which is cost-effective both for customers and for Scania. 
Scania CV AB Group’s modular approach to product development embodies knowledge that has been 
created over a long time and is unique in the industry. It allows the satisfaction of a large number of customer 
needs with a limited number of components, thus enabling optimisation for each customer while keeping product 
costs lower than would be possible otherwise. 
Integrated business – vehicles, services and financing 
Forward integration shortens the distance to customers and provides better control over network 
planning, branding and a larger share of the revenue stream. The inherently competitive relationship between 
captive and non-captive entities drives Scania CV AB to deliver higher customer satisfaction. It also encourages 
creativity and entrepreneurial spirit in the network which is vital for Scania CV AB’s future success. 
Provider of transport solutions 
A Scania CV AB customer will obtain one of the most competitive total operating frameworks in the 
industry. Scania CV AB will achieve this by working both with the customer’s operating costs, such as fuel 
economy and repair, and maintenance, and with revenue-related factors such as load carrying capacity and uptime.  
Long-term commitment 
Scania CV AB has a long-term commitment to customers and societies. Therefore, Scania CV AB 
focuses on markets and segments where sustainable profitable growth can be achieved. A growing base of 
profitable customers and additional business with existing customers are more important than aggressive growth.  
Product areas 
The following table sets out certain financial data regarding the product areas of the Scania CV AB 
Group for each of the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.  
 
Net sales by product* 
 
January – December 
SEK million 
 
2022 
 
2021 
 
 
 
 
Trucks 
99,976 
 
88,849 
Buses 
7,984 
 
7,702 
Engines 
3,454 
 
2,521 
Service-related products 
36,434 
 
30,074 
Used vehicles  
9,620 
 
8,082 
Miscellaneous 
4,469 
 
4,580 
Delivery sales value 
161,937 
 
141,808 
Revenue deferrals 1) 
1,324 
 
-503 
Net Sales 
163,260 
 
141,305 
 
 
 
 
 
*This table excludes Financial Services 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1)  Refers to the difference between sales value based on deliveries and revenue recognised as income

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
Trucks 
The Scania CV AB Group develops, manufactures and markets trucks with a gross vehicle weight of 
more than 16 tonnes (Class 8) for long haulage, construction haulage and distribution of goods. Scania’s long-
haulage trucks are characterised by high availability, excellent fuel economy and low maintenance costs. The 
Scania CV AB Group’s construction trucks are developed and built with off-road mobility and cargo capacity as 
their most important characteristics. The Scania CV AB Group’s distribution trucks are developed to operate in 
city environments and other settings where they must meet high standards in terms of environmental performance, 
driver environment and manoeuvrability. Scania CV AB Group delivered 80,238 trucks in 2022 (compared to 
85,930 in 2021). 
Buses 
The demand for efficient, sustainable passenger transport is increasing, especially in the rapidly growing 
cities of emerging market regions. To a growing extent, Scania is a supplier of comprehensive solutions that 
include buses and coaches as well as various service packages. Scania CV AB Group also participates in the 
planning of entire transport systems. Scania CV AB Group delivered 4,994 buses in 2022 (compared to 4,436 in 
2021). 
Engines 
In recent years, Scania CV AB Group has broadened its base significantly among purchasers of industrial 
and marine engines. A new generation of engines with improved environmental characteristics, low fuel 
consumption, high performance and reliability as well as an efficient service offering makes Scania CV AB Group 
an attractive partner in all customer segments. Scania CV AB Group delivered 13,400 engines in 2022 (compared 
to 11,786 in 2021). 
Services and service-related products 
The services supplied by Scania CV AB Group are of great importance in enabling customers to achieve 
maximum operating time and low costs. Through its extensive workshop network and customised service-related 
products, Scania CV AB Group can provide support to the customer and perform the right servicing at the right 
time and in the right place. Service operations contribute to the stability of Scania CV AB Group’s profitability, 
and there is good potential to increase volume. Scania CV AB Group’s net sales from service operations amounted 
to SEK 36,434 million in 2022 (compared to SEK 30,074 million in 2021). 
Financial Services 
Note that Scania Financial Services revenue is not included in the table above on page 90. The Financial 
Services business was transferred to TRATON Sweden AB, with the majority of the companies within the segment 
as of 1 April 2023, with some remaining companies still to be moved (see "Recent Developments in 2023", below).

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE SCANIA CV AB GROUP 
The information set out in this Base Prospectus in the tables below is directly derived from, and should 
be read in conjunction with, the sections of Scania CV AB’s Annual Reports for 2021 and 2022 which are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and which includes Scania CV AB’s annual consolidated and 
legal entity financial statements audited by Ernst & Young AB.   
SCANIA CV AB GROUP CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS – OPERATING 
SEGMENTS 
 
Vehicles and Services 
Full Year 
Amounts in SEK  m. unless otherwise stated 
2022
2021
Revenue 
163,260
141,305
Cost of goods sold 
-125,418
–108,425
Gross income 
37,842
32,880
Research and development expenses 
-8,799
–6,411
Selling expenses 
-12,457
–9,996
Administrative expenses 
-2,635
–2,144
Items affecting comparability 
-1,302
–5,229
Operating income 
12,649
9,100
Interest income 
1,467
673
Interest expenses 
-734
–794
Share of income in associated companies and joint ventures 
-76
–19
Dividends in between segments 
384
318
Other financial income 
978
632
Other financial expenses 
-1,788
-656
Items affecting comparability 
0
–315
Total financial items 
231
-161
Income before taxes 
12,880
8,839
Taxes 
-3,775
-3233
Net income for the period 
9,105
5,706
Financial Services19 
Amounts in SEK  m. unless otherwise stated 
Interest and lease income 
10,488
8,439
Insurance commission 
335
322
Interest and prepaid expenses 
-7,040
–5,366
Gross income 
3,783
3,395
Selling and administration expenses 
-1,612
-1,402
Bad debt expenses, realised and anticipated 
-376
130
Other income 
2,049
769
Other expenses 
-1,647
-698
Operating income 
-97
2,194
Income before tax 
-97
2,194
Taxes 
-757
-398
Net income for the period 
-854
1,796
 
 
                                                     
19  
Scania’s Financial Services business was transferred to TRATON as of 1 April 2023. As a result of this transfer, the Financial 
Services segment is presented as discontinued operations in Scania’s Q1 2023 Interim Report and the assets are classified as held 
for sale as at 31 March 2023. The transfer impacts the segment reporting of Scania going forward as outlined in note 3 (Segment 
reporting) in the Q1 2023 Interim Report.  See also notes 5 (Assets held for sale and discontinued operation) and 7 (Events after 
the reporting period) to the Q1 2023 Interim Report and "Description of the Guarantor - Recent Developments in 2023", above.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
SCANIA CV AB GROUP CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET20 
 
 
Amounts in SEK  m. unless otherwise stated 
31 December 
2022
2021
Assets 
Non-current assets 
Intangible assets 
14,995
13,587
Tangible assets  
44,456
41,465
Lease assets 
24,926
26,659
Shares and participations 
2,839
2,410
Interest-bearing receivables 
69,690
57,507
Other receivables 1) 2) 
11,146
8,477
Current assets 
Inventories 
30,673
23,943
Interest-bearing receivables 
44,184
35,646
Other receivables 3) 
21,074
18,276
Current investments 
1,873
386
Cash and cash equivalents 
19,125
29,262
Assets held for sale  
4,668
-
Total assets 
289,649
257,618
Total equity and liabilities 
Equity 
Scania shareholders 
72,431
64,480
Non-controlling interest 
59
24
Total equity 
72,490
64,504
Non-current liabilities 
Interest-bearing liabilities 
76,828
62,192
Provisions for pensions 
7,853
12,455
Other provisions 6) 
4,061
3,394
Other liabilities 1) 4) 
16,779
15,177
Current liabilities 
Interest-bearing liabilities 
52,983
41,454
Provisions 
4,578
13,540
Other liabilities 5)  
53,840
44,902
Liabilities directly attributable to assets held for sale 
237
-
Total equity and liabilities 
289,649
257,618
1) Including deferred tax 
2) Including derivatives with positive value for hedging of borrowings 
2,157
845
3) Including derivatives with positive value for hedging of borrowings 
639
863
4) Including derivatives with negative value for hedging of borrowings 
2,614
384
5) Including derivatives with negative value for hedging of borrowings 
1,131
381
6) Including provision related to the European Commission´s 
competition investigation 
Equity/assets ratio, per cent* 
25.0
25.0
 
* Calculated as total equity as a percentage of total assets  
 
                                                     
20  
Scania’s Financial Services business was transferred to TRATON as of 1 April 2023. As a result of this transfer, the Financial 
Services segment is presented as discontinued operations in Scania’s Q1 2023 Interim Report and the assets are classified as held 
for sale as at 31 March 2023. The transfer impacts the segment reporting of Scania going forward as outlined in note 3 (Segment 
reporting) in the Q1 2023 Interim Report.  See also notes 5 (Assets held for sale and discontinued operation) and 7 (Events after 
the reporting period) to the Q1 2023 Interim Report and "Description of the Guarantor - Recent Developments in 2023", above.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
SCANIA CV AB GROUP STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY, CONDENSED 
 
Full year 
Amounts in SEK m. unless otherwise stated 
2022
2021 
Equity, 1 January 
64,504
55,346 
Net income for the period 
7,858
7,176 
Other comprehensive income for the period 
7,107
2,182 
Group contribution to Traton SE 
-1,014
-208 
Change in non-controlling interest 
-6,000
 
Total equity at the end of the period 
72,490
64,504 
 
Attributable to: 
 
Scania CV AB shareholders 
72,431
64,480 
Non-controlling interest 
59
24

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
SCANIA CV AB GROUP CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT21 
 
Amounts in SEK  m. unless otherwise stated 
Full year 
2022
2021 
Operating activities 
Income before tax 
12,399
10,816 
Items not affecting cash flow  
15,530
10,976 
Taxes paid 
-5,693
-4,613 
Cash flow from operating activities 
 
before change in working capital 
22,236
17,179 
Change in working capital  
-27,372
-10,547 
 
Cash flow from operating activities 
-5,136
6,632 
Investing activities  
 
Net investments through acquisitions/divestments of businesses 
-768
-45 
Net investments in non-current assets  
-8,280
-8,664 
 
Cash flow from investing activities attributable to operating activities
-9,048
-8,709 
Cash flow after investing activities 
-14,184
-2,077 
Investments in securities and loans  
-1,387
-309 
Cash flow from investing activities 
-10,435
-9,018 
Cash flow before financing activities 
-15,571
-2,386 
Financing activities 
 
Change in debt from financing activities  
14,001
-1,023 
Transactions with non-controlling interests 
0
-2 
Dividend 
-
- 
Cash flow from financing activities 
8,001
-1,025 
Cash flow for the period 
7,570
-3,411 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period  
29,262
32,268 
Exchange rate differences in cash and cash equivalents 
797
405 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
22,489
29,262 
 
Cash flow statement Vehicles and services 
 
Cash flow from operating activities 
 
Before change in working capital 
21,395
15,315 
Change in working capital  
-16,502
-986 
Cash flow from operating activities 
4,893
14,329 
Cash flow from investing activities attributable to operating activities
-9,409
-8,791 
Cash flow after investing activities attributable to operating activities 
-4,516
5,538 
                                                     
21  
Scania’s Financial Services business was transferred to TRATON as of 1 April 2023. As a result of this transfer, the Financial 
Services segment is presented as discontinued operations in Scania’s Q1 2023 Interim Report and the assets are classified as held 
for sale as at 31 March 2023. The transfer impacts the segment reporting of Scania going forward as outlined in note 3 (Segment 
reporting) in the Q1 2023 Interim Report.  See also notes 5 (Assets held for sale and discontinued operation) and 7 (Events after 
the reporting period) to the Q1 2023 Interim Report and "Description of the Guarantor - Recent Developments in 2023", above.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
TAXATION 
Swedish Taxation  
The following is a general description of certain Swedish tax considerations relating to the acquisition, 
holding and disposal of Notes.  It is intended as general information only and does not purport to be a complete 
analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes. Prospective purchasers of notes should consult their own 
tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and 
receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amount under the Notes and the consequences of such 
actions under the tax laws of those countries.  Specific tax consequences may be applicable to certain categories 
of companies, e.g. investment companies and life insurance companies, not described below. In addition, the 
summary does not address Notes that are held on “investment savings accounts” (Sw. investeringssparkonton) 
which are subject to a specific tax regime.  This summary is based upon the laws of Sweden as in effect on the 
date of the Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Swedish tax law payment of any principal or interest to the holder of any Note is normally not 
subject to Swedish income tax, provided that such holder is not tax resident in Sweden. A non-resident person 
can, however, be liable to tax in Sweden on gains or interest received on the Notes if the Notes are held in a trade 
or business carried out through a permanent establishment in Sweden.  Holders of Notes are not deemed to be 
resident, domiciled or carrying on business in Sweden by reason only of holding such Notes. 
Individuals who are not tax resident in Sweden may also, under certain conditions, be subject to capital 
gains taxation in Sweden at a disposal or redemption of Notes. This is the case where the Notes qualify as 
participation rights (Sw. delägarrätt) and provided that the holder, at any time during the calendar year when the 
disposal or redemption occurs, or during the preceding ten calendar years, has been domiciled or permanently 
resident in Sweden. In many cases, however, the applicability of this rule may be limited by tax treaties between 
Sweden and other countries. 
There is no Swedish withholding tax on interest paid to a non-resident holder of Notes. 
Resident holders of Notes 
An individual is tax resident in Sweden if they a) are domiciled in Sweden or b) have their habitual abode 
in Sweden or c) earlier has been domiciled in Sweden and after having moved abroad continues to have an 
essential connection with Sweden (for example is engaged in trade or business in Sweden).  A corporation is tax 
resident in Sweden if organised under Swedish law. 
Generally, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) that are 
resident holders of Notes, all capital income (e.g. income that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes 
and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. 
If amounts that are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid to a private individual (or 
an estate of a deceased individual) that is a resident holder of Notes, Swedish preliminary income tax at a rate of 
30 per cent. is normally withheld on such payments. 
No inheritance tax, gift tax or net wealth tax is levied in Sweden. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The information 
contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective investors in the 
Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, 
including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only.  Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or 
a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect 
of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes held 
by non-resident holders of Notes.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
(b) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 as 
amended (the Relibi Law) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or 
interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, 
nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg 
resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to 
a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial 
owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of their private wealth. Responsibility for the 
withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Accordingly, payments of interest under 
the Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements.  
The Issuer and the Guarantor may each be a foreign financial institutions for these purposes.  A number of 
jurisdictions (including Sweden) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would 
not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes  that are issued on or prior to the date 
that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published 
generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date.  
However, if additional Notes (as described under Condition 15) that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, 
then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.   Holders should consult their own tax advisers 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes.  
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT)  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate.  
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 30 June 2023 (such 
programme agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time being the Programme 
Agreement), agreed with the Issuer and the Guarantor a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to 
time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under Form of the Notes 
and Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer (failing which, the Guarantor) 
has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities 
incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meaning 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or 
whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer 
has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will 
send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an 
available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation); 
and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an 
offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes; and  
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity date of less than one year, (1) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (2) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not, and will not 
offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as 
amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to or for the benefit of a resident 
of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, 
the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws 
and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France 
of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes.  
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended 
from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and 
will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that the Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the MAS) and the Notes will be offered pursuant to exemptions under the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA). Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation 
for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant 
to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in the SFA)) the sole business of which is 
to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of 
whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (as applicable), all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which 
it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any of the other 
Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with any additional 
restrictions agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and set out in the Subscription Agreement or Dealer 
Accession Letter, Dealer Confirmation Letter, as relevant, or, in the case of Exempt Notes, in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 4 May 2023, and the giving of the Guarantee has been duly authorised by 
a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor dated 4 May 2023.  
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
at 
https://www.scania.com/group/en/home/investors/bondholders.html:  
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer and the constitutional 
documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Guarantor; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the 
Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; and 
(c) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements to this Base 
Prospectus, Final Terms and Pricing Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing 
Supplements will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) and any 
other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate common code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing 
system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brusssels. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, the yield relating to a particular issue of Notes will be 
stated in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes). The yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date of the Notes on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
Save for the sale of the Financial Services business, as disclosed in the section “Description of the 
Guarantor - Recent Developments in 2023” on page 81 hereof, there has been no significant change in the financial 
performance or position of the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 December 2022. There has 
been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022.  
Save for the sale of the Financial Services business, as disclosed in the section “Description of the 
Guarantor - Recent Developments in 2023” on page 81 hereof, there has been no significant change in the financial 
performance or position of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 March 2023. There has 
been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor since 31 December 2022.  
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer or the Guarantor

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have, or have in such period had, a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
Auditors  
The registered auditor(s) of the Issuer and the Guarantor is registered public accounting firm Ernst & 
Young AB, with individual auditor in charge for both the Issuer and the Guarantor Helene Siberg Wendin (an 
Authorised Public Accountant and member of FAR – the Swedish professional institute for authorised 
accountants), who audited the Issuer’s and Guarantor’s respective accounts, without qualification, in accordance 
with International Standards on Auditing (ISA) and generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. 
Ernst & Young AB has no material interest in the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
The reports of the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor are included or incorporated by reference in 
the form and context in which they are included or incorporated by reference, with the consent of the relevant 
auditors who have authorised the contents of that part of this Base Prospectus. 
Website 
Scania’s website is https://www.scania.com/group/en/home however the information contained on such 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus other than to the extent expressly incorporated by reference 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but 
not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes 
issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under 
the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
THE GUARANTOR 
Scania CV AB (publ) 
Scania AB (publ) 
SE-151 87 Södertälje 
SE-151 87 Södertälje 
Sweden 
Sweden 
 
 
 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg SA 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and Guarantor as to Swedish law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå AB 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Norrlandsgatan 21 
One Bishops Square 
SE-111 87 Stockholm 
London E1 6AD 
Sweden 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS 
Ernst & Young AB 
Hamngatan 26 
111 47 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
 
 
ARRANGER 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
 
 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Denmark 
Germany 
 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Sweden 
 
 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg SA 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg