--- Page 1 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Scatec ASA 
 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Joint Lead Managers and Green Bond Advisors: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Joint Lead Manager: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oslo, 16 June 2023

--- Page 2 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
2
Important information 
 
The Base Propectus is based on sources such as annual reports and publicly available information and forward-
looking information based on current expectations, estimates and projections about global economic conditions, as 
well as the economic conditions of the regions and industries that are major markets for Scatec ASA’s (the 
Company) lines of business. 
 
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in Chapter 1 Risk factors, and elsewhere in the 
Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability of an investment in the bonds. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any bonds includes a legend 
titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the bonds 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) and/or in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) (and for UK, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation)) 
for offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and/or the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA and/or the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation and/ or the UK PRIIPS Regulation. 
 
MiFID II product governance and/or UK MiFIR product governance – The Final Terms in respect of any bonds 
will include a legend titled “MiFID II product governance” and/or “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the bonds and which channels for distribution of the bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
This Base Propectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Lead Managers, available at their websites 
(www.dnb.no, www.nordea.no, and www.sb1markets.no).  
 
The Joint Lead Managers and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be 
a market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus and 
may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such instruments. The Joint Lead 
Managers' corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager for this Company in private and/or 
public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly known.   
 
Copies of this Base Propectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or into or made available in 
the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not 
distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or into the United States. 
 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being made or will be 
made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from 
registration requirements. 
 
The distribution of the Base Propectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example in non-EEA 
countries. Approval of the Base Propectus by Finanstilsynet (the Norwegian FSA) implies that the Base Propectus 
may be used in any EEA country. No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base 
Propectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
 
The Base Propectus dated 16 June 2023 together with a Final Terms and any supplements to these documents 
constitute the Prospectus. 
 
The content of this Base Propectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential investors should 
seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
 
Unless otherwise stated, this Base Propectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute regarding the 
Base Propectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS:  
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..............................................................................4 
1 RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................5 
2 DEFINITIONS ................................................................................................................. 10 
3 PERSONS RESPONSIBLE .................................................................................................. 11 
4 STATUTORY AUDITORS ................................................................................................... 12 
5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER ................................................................................... 13 
6 BUSINESS OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................... 14 
7 TREND INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 16 
8 ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ............................................. 17 
9 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS .................................................................................................. 20 
10 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES ...................................................... 21 
11 REGULATORY DISCLOSURES .......................................................................................... 22 
12 DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ................................................................................................ 24 
13 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS THAT CAN BE ISSUED UNDER THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................ 25 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST .................................................................................................... 33 
14 THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND STATEMENT BY EXPERTS AND DECLARATIONS OF 
ANY INTEREST ....................................................................................................... 34 
STATEMENTS REGARDING REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 ....................................................... 35 
JOINT LEAD MANAGERS’ DISCLAIMER ................................................................................. 36 
ANNEX 1 ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION FOR SCATEC ASA ........................................................ 37 
ANNEX 2 TEMPLATE FOR FINAL TERMS FOR FIXED AND FLOATING RATE BONDS ...................... 38

--- Page 4 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
4
Description of the Base Prospectus 
 
Under this Base Prospectus (as supplemented and amended from time to time), the Issuer may occasionally 
issue and list bonds (“Bonds”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer.  
The Bonds will be issued on a senior basis as secured or unsecured, with fixed or floating interest rate. The 
Bonds may have put- and call options and they may be green or sustainability-linked. 
The Bonds will be electronically registered in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository or any other CSD that 
allows for bonds issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. 
There is no limit with regard to the maximum aggregate nominal amount of all bonds from time to time 
outstanding under the prospectus. However, each issue of bonds will have either a given borrowing amount in the 
case where there is only one tranche, or a given borrowing limit in the case of more than one tranche.     
The Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to any dealer that the Issuer decides upon.  
The Base Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of the Base Prospectus. 
 
Information on website(s) mentioned in the Base Prospectus/the Final Terms does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus/the Final Terms unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus/the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 5 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
5
1 Risk factors   
Investing in bonds issued by Scatec ASA involves inherent risks.   
 
As the Company is the parent company of the Group, and primarily a holding company, the risk factors for the 
Group are deemed to be equivalent for the purpose of this Base Prospectus. 
 
The risks and uncertainties described in the Prospectus are risks of which the Company is aware and that the 
Company considers to be material to its business. If any of these risks were to occur, the Company’s business, 
financial position, operating results or cash flows could be materially adversely affected, and the Company could 
be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the bonds.  Prospective investors 
should carefully consider, among other things, the risk factors set out in this Base Propectus, before making an 
investment decision.  
 
An investment in the bonds is suitable only for investors who understand the risk factors associated with this type 
of investment and who can afford a loss of all or part of their investment. 
 
 
RISKS RELATED TO THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
Cost uncertainty and increasing operating expenses 
For projects in which the Group currently undertakes, or in the future will undertake, the construction of any 
particular PV, wind and hydropower plant, the Group is subject to the risk of cost overruns or other unanticipated 
costs and expenses, or delays that could have a material adverse impact on the Group's financial performance. 
Furthermore, while the revenues from sale of power from operating plants are typically fixed through long term 
contracts, the operating cost base is exposed to the markets of the respective inputs, such as manpower, and 
may increase in the future,. 
 
The Group is dependent on external subcontractors and suppliers of services and goods to carry out its 
operations 
If suppliers fail to meet agreed or generally accepted standards in areas such as environmental compliance, 
human rights, labour relations, product quality and timely delivery, this could have a significant adverse effect. 
Effect may e.g. be delays on projects under construction and increased cost for projects under construction or in 
operation, which may lead to financial loss and/or loss of revenues to the Group. 
 
The success, competitive position and future revenues will depend in part on the Group's ability to 
protect intellectual property and know-how 
The Group’s daily business and business strategy are tied to know-how, however, the Group is not dependent on 
any patents for its daily business. The Group relies on a combination of trade secrets, confidentiality procedures 
and contractual provisions to protect its intellectual property rights. Risk of loosing know how and intellectual 
property may lead to loss of competitive position and ability to sustain growth abitions, which may lead to financial 
loss and/or loss of revenues to the Group. 
 
The Group is exposed for fluctuations in the electricity prices 
The Group is exposed to fluctuations in electricity prices, which may adversely impact the Group’s operations and 
financial condition. The Group's revenue, cash flow, profitability and rate of growth are dependent on the local and 
international prices of electricity. The recent dramatic fluctuations in these prices caused, inter alia, by the 
ongoing conflict in Ukraine, puts the Group at risk, and it is possible that these fluctuations will continue. 
 
The cost of compliance with health, safety, environmental and other laws and regulations may be 
increased over time 
The Group is subject to numerous laws and regulations of the various jurisdictions in which the Group conducts 
its business. Such laws and regulations govern, among other matters, land utilisation, development- and zoning 
plans, property tax, HSE (health, safety and environmental), power market, grid operation, air pollution emissions, 
wastewater discharges, solid and hazardous waste management, and the use, composition, handling, distribution 
and transportation of hazardous materials. Many of these laws and regulations are becoming increasingly 
stringent (and may contain "strict liability"), and the cost of compliance with these requirements can be expected 
to increase over time. 
 
The Group operates in countries with a high degree of bureaucracy and/or turbulent political conditions 
Many of the countries in which the Group operates are known for a high degree of bureaucracy. This may 
influence the Group's ability to execute its business without delays. 
 
The Group further carries out operations in several countries with a history of turbulent political conditions. 
Operating business in countries with such turbulent political conditions may be challenging and lead to slower 
production due to halt in deliveries, unforeseen regulatory changes, or lack of governmental regulations. If the 
development in recent years, with increased political tensions globally, also in jurisdictions where the Group 
operates, continues, this may have a negative impact on the Group's operations.

--- Page 6 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
6
 
The Group operates in countries where corruption and other unethical practices may occur 
The Group operates in countries known to experience governmental corruption. While the Group is committed to 
conducting business in a legal and ethical manner, there is a risk that the Group’s employees or agents or those 
of its affiliates may take actions that violate applicable anti-corruption regulations. These actions could result in 
monetary penalties against the Group or its affiliates and could damage the Group’s reputation and, therefore, its 
ability to do business. 
 
In addition to the risks that arise in countries that have experienced governmental and contractual corruption, 
there is also a risk that the Group will not be able to ensure that its internal control policies and procedures will 
protect the Group from fraud or other criminal acts committed by the Group’s employees or agents or those of its 
affiliates. 
 
The international operations expose the Company to exchange rate risks rising from various currency 
transactions and exposures 
The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency 
transactions and exposures. As the Group reports its consolidated results in NOK, any change in exchange rates 
between NOK and its subsidiaries' functional currencies, with respect to fluctuations in currencies primarily with 
respect to changes in PHP, USD, ZAR, THB, EUR, MYR, BRL, EGP and CZK, affects its consolidated statement 
of income and consolidated statement of financial position. As the Group expands its operations with 
projects in new markets the currency risk exposure increases. A sustained adverse development of the exchange 
rates between the said currencies may have an adverse effect on Scatec's business, prospects, financial results 
and results of operations. 
 
The Group is exposed to credit risks in relation to third parties with obligations to the Group 
The Group is exposed to third party credit risk in several instances, including off-take partners who have 
committed to buy electricity produced under 20-25 year contracts by or on behalf of the Group, suppliers and/or 
contractors who are engaged to construct or operate assets held by the Group, property owners who are leasing 
land to the Group, banks providing financing and guarantees of the obligations of other parties, insurance 
companies providing coverage against various risks applicable to the Group’s assets, and other third parties who 
may have obligations towards the Group. Consequence of third parties not beeing able to meet its obligations 
may result in financial loss to the Group. 
 
The Group is exposed to various risks related to the Group's financing arrangements 
The Group has operational and financial covenants related to its loans and other financial commitments, 
demanding a certain performance of the Group and setting restrictions on the Group's freedom to operate and 
manage the Group’s business, including change of control clauses that may be triggered outside the control of the 
Group. Failure to comply with financial and other covenants may have a material adverse effect on the Group and 
its financial position, including potential increased financial cost, need for re-financing and requirement for 
additional security or cancellation of loans. 
 
The Group is exposed to risks in relation to interest rates 
In recent years, relatively low interest rates had a positive effect on the profitability of PV solar, wind and hydro 
power plants. Following the recent increases in interest rates globally, the risks related to interest rate fluctuations 
are more apparent. The higher interest rates increase the expected return on certain alternative investments and 
increase costs of financing. A further increase in interest rates could significantly reduce the profitability of the 
Group's power plants. 
 
Several of the Group’s development projects may not be realised 
Several of the Group’s projects are under development and may not be realised. The right to build and operate a 
renewable project is subject to public concessions and permits in addition to private ownership rights to land and 
waterfalls. This comprises all stages of a renewable project, from early development stage to construction, 
production, transmission and sale of power.Not being able to realize development projects may lead to loss of 
future revenues. 
 
The Group is dependent on the quality of, and production, performance and the reputation of plants for 
PV solar power, hydropower and wind power in general 
The Group’s plants for PV solar power, hydropower and wind power, must meet stringent quality requirements but 
may contain defects that are not detected until the completion of their construction and subsequent operation 
because the Group or subcontractors cannot test for all possible scenarios or applications. These defects could 
cause the Group to incur significant replacement costs or re-engineering costs, divert the attention of its 
engineering personnel from development efforts, and significantly affect its customer relations and business 
reputation. If the Group constructs defective plants for PV solar power, hydropower or wind power, or if there is a 
perception that its plants are defective, the Group's credibility and sales could be harmed.

--- Page 7 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
7
Accounting treatment and classification 
The accounting treatment for many aspects of the Group's solar energy business is complex, and the Group's 
future results could be adversely affected by changes in the accounting treatment applicable to its solar energy 
business. Changes in key assumptions could lead to the recognition of additional impairment losses. Changes in 
evaluation of the useful lives of assets may change depreciation and amortisation going forward. 
 
The Group’s revenues and costs are to a certain degree dependent on charges related to transmission 
and distribution 
Increases in charges relating to the connection to and use of the electricity transmission and distribution networks 
and relating to balancing of electricity supply and demand, and/or restrictions on the capacity in such networks 
available for use by some of the Group’s power plants, may result in higher operating costs, lower revenues and 
fewer opportunities for growth. 
 
Sedimentation of the water reservoirs represents a potential threat to the production of hydropower 
Over time, accumulation of sludge will build up in the reservoirs for the Group’s hydropower production. This 
process is called sedimentation, and is a process of erosion, entrainment, transportation, deposition and 
compaction of sediment carried out into reservoirs formed and contained by dams. Such sedimentation of the 
water reservoirs will affect the safety of the dams and cause a reduction of energy production, storage, discharge 
capacity and flood attenuation capabilities. Further, sedimentation will increase the pressure on the dam and 
gates, and may cause damages to mechanical equipment and also otherwise create a wide range of 
environmental impacts.Consequences of rectifying sedimentation causing problems to the production of 
hydropower may lead to financial loss and/or reduced profitability. 
 
The resettlement of relocated residents may cause significant cost increases and/or construction delays 
of the Group's hydropower projects 
The construction of hydropower projects requires the construction of dams and reservoirs, typically increasing the 
water-level at the hydropower project site, and leaving part of the area submerged. This generally requires the 
relocation and resettlement of residents in the area surrounding the project sites. Commonly, the local 
government authorities in the relevant area are responsible for the relocation and resettlement of such residents, 
but the hydropower project's owner is often responsible for paying associated resettlement compensation. The 
Group has not experienced any significant setbacks or disputes due to resettlement issues, but there is no 
assurance that such problems will not arise in the future. 
 
In addition, the relevant local government may dispute or request adjustment of resettlement compensation 
allocated for a hydropower project, even after the hydropower commences operations. 
 
Furthermore, the Group may face opposition from local environmental and other interest groups due to the 
perceived impact of the Group's hydropower projects. 
 
 
RISKS RELATING TO LAWS AND REGULATIONS 
Changes in tax laws, rules related to accounting for income taxes or adverse outcomes from audits by 
taxation authorities could impact the Group's effective tax rate 
The Group operate in several countries, and its effective tax rate is derived primarily from the applicable tax rate 
in these countries. The Group's effective tax rate may be lower or higher than in the past due to numerous factors, 
including the sources of its income and the tax filing positions it takes. In certain projects, the PPA or other 
agreement provides protection against changes in law, however, there may be temporary cash flow impact before 
the additional tax is compensated under the contractual setup. In other projects, there is no contractual protection 
for change in law. Hence, changes in tax and/or accounting regulations and/or adverse outcomes from Audits 
may negatively impact the profitability on project and/or Group level.  
 
The Group's transfer pricing documentation and policies may be challenged 
The Group will have activity in several countries and tax jurisdictions. As such, there is a risk that tax authorities 
may challenge the Group's transfer pricing documentation and policies regarding intercompany transactions 
between companies in the Group. If a TP adjustement is made in one jurisdictions, for example increased income, 
there is not necessarily a corresponding adjustment in the other jurisdictions for increased cost by the service 
receipient. This may lead to double taxation. Challenged transfer pricing documentation and policies from 
Authorities may lead to reduced profitability or financial loss to projects and the Group.  
 
Antitrust and competition regulations or authorities may limit the Group's ability to grow and may force 
the Group to alter its business practices 
Depending on how a relevant market is defined by the Norwegian Competition Authority and any other relevant 
competition authority, the Group may be found to have a leading competitive position, which could restrict the 
ability of the Group to make additional expansion efforts, including through acquisitions.Antitrust and /or 
competition regulations may impact transactions and/or the Groups ability to grow and may lead to reduced 
profitability for example due to reduced economies of scale or financial loss for example due to transaction cost to 
project and/or the Group.

--- Page 8 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
8
 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE BONDS AND THE BOND ISSUE 
Each potential investor in the Bond Issue and the bonds issued (the “Bonds”) must determine the suitability of that 
investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should (i) have sufficient 
knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Bond Issue; (ii) have access to and knowledge 
of the appropriate analytical tools to evaluate an investment in the Bonds; (iii) have sufficient financial resources 
and liquidity to bear the risks associated with investment in the Bonds; (iv) understand the terms of the Bonds and 
the behavior of the relevant financial markets, and (v) be able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic interest 
rate and other factors that may affect its investment. 
 
The Issuer may not have sufficient funds to service the Bonds 
During the lifetime of the Bonds, the Issuer will be required to make payments on the Bonds. The Issuer is 
dependent upon the ability of its subsidiaries to generate cash flow from operations and to make distributions to 
the Issuer. If the Issuer is unable to generate sufficient distributions from its subsidiaries, it will be forced to adopt 
an alternative strategy that may include actions such as reducing capital expenditures, selling assets, 
restructuring or refinancing indebtedness or seeking new equity capital. The Issuer cannot assure 
investors that any of these alternative strategies could be effected on satisfactory terms, if at all, or that they 
would yield sufficient funds to make the required payments under the Bond issue or to repay the Bonds at 
maturity. 
 
The Issuer may have insufficient funds to make required repurchases of Bonds 
Upon the occurrence of a put-option event (as defined in the term sheet), each individual bondholder has a right 
to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds at a percentage shareof the nominal value as 
described in Bond Terms. However, it is possible that the Issuer will have insufficient funds at the time of the put-
option event to make the required repurchase of the Bonds. 
 
Issuer's redemption of Bonds 
The terms of the Bonds will provide that the Issuer (i) may redeem all or parts of the Bonds at various call prices 
during the lifetime of the Bonds and (ii) shall redeem all the Bonds upon certain conditions. If the Bonds are 
redeemed before the final maturity date, the Issuer is required to pay the bondholders an early redemption 
amount which exceeds the nominal amount outstanding under the Bond Terms. However, there is a risk that the 
market value of the Bonds will be higher than the early redemption amount and that it may not be possible for 
Bondholders to reinvest the early redemption amount at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on 
the Bonds. The call optionis is likely to limit the market value of the Bonds. 
 
A trading market may not develop, and market price may be volatile 
The Bonds will be new securities for which currently there is no trading market. Even though the Issuer is 
contemplating to  apply for a listing of the Bonds on a regulated market on an exchange, there can be no 
assurance as to: (i) the liquidity of any market that may develop; (ii) bondholders' ability to sell the Bonds or (iii) 
the price at which Bondholders would be able to sell the Bonds. If such a market were to exist, the Bonds could 
trade at prices that may be lower than the 
principal amount or purchase price, depending on many factors, including prevailing interest rates, the market for 
similar bonds and the Group's financial performance and outlook. If an active market does not develop or is not 
maintained, the price and liquidity of the Bonds may be adversely affected. 
 
Bonds structurally subordinated to liabilities of Issuer's subsidiaries and SPV’s 
The Bonds are subject to credit risk relating to the Group's ability to meet its payment obligations, which in turn is 
largely dependent upon the performance of the Group's operations and its financial position. Generally, creditors 
under indebtedness and trade creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries and special purpose vehicles (“SPV”) will be 
entitled to payments of their claims from the assets of such subsidiaries and SPV’s before these assets are made 
available for distribution to the Issuer, as a direct or indirect shareholder. Accordingly, in an enforcement scenario, 
creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries will generally be entitled to payment in full from the sale or other disposal of 
the assets of such subsidiaries before the Issuer, as a direct or indirect shareholder, will be entitled to receive any 
distributions. 
 
No action against the Issuer and bondholders' representation 
In accordance with the Bond Terms, the bond trustee will represent all bondholders in all matters relating to the 
Bonds and the bondholders are prevented from taking actions on their own against the Issuer. Consequently, 
individual bondholders do not have the right to take legal actions to declare any default by claiming any payment 
from the Issuer and may therefore lack effective remedies unless and until a requisite majority of the bondholders 
agree to take such action. 
 
Bond Terms may be amended or waived 
The terms of the Bonds will contain provisions for calling for meetings of bondholders in the event that the Issuer 
wishes to amend any of the terms and conditions applicable to the Bonds. These provisions permit defined

--- Page 9 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
9
majorities to bind all bondholders, including bondholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant bondholder 
meeting and bondholders who vote in a manner contrary to the majority. 
 
Bondholders may be overruled by majority votes taken in the bondholders' meetings 
The Bond Terms include certain provisions regarding bondholders' meeting and written procedures. Such 
meetings and procedures may be used to reach decisions on matters relating to the bondholders' interest. The 
Bond Terms allow for stated majorities to bind all bondholders, including bondholders who have not taken part in 
the meeting or procedure and those who have voted against the majority. Consequently, there is a risk that the 
actions of the majority in such matters will impact a bondholder's rights in a manner that is undesirable for it. 
 
Exchange risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Bonds in NOK. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
"Investor's Currency") other than NOK. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of NOK or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) because of economic, 
political and other factors over which the Issuer has no control and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over 
the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to NOK would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Bonds, (2) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Bonds and (3) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent market value of the Bonds. 
 
Governmental and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal at all. 
 
Bondholders may be subject to restrictions on transfer of the Bonds 
The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state of the United States. Subject to certain exemptions, a holder of the Bonds may not offer or 
sell the Bonds in the United States. The Issuer has not undertaken to register the Bonds under the U.S. Securities 
Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any state of the United States or to effect any exchange offer for 
the Bonds in the future. Furthermore, the Issuer has not registered the Bonds under any other country's securities 
laws. It is each bondholder's obligation to ensure that the offers and sales of its Bonds comply with all applicable 
securities laws. 
 
The Issuer is relying upon exemptions from registration under the U.S. Securities Act, applicable state securities 
laws and UK and EU securities laws in the placement of the Bonds. As a result, in the future the Bonds may be 
transferred or resold only in a transaction registered under or exempt from the registration requirements of such 
legislation. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Bonds at their preferred time or place. The Issuer 
cannot assure investors as to the future liquidity of the Bonds and, as a result, investors bear the risk of their 
investment in the Bonds. 
 
Prospective investors may not be able to recover in civil proceedings for U.S. securities laws violations 
The Bonds will be issued by the Issuer, which is incorporated under the laws of Norway. All of the Issuer's 
members of senior management and directors and executives currently reside outside the United States and all of 
its assets are currently located outside the United States. As a result, prospective investors may be unable to 
effect service of process within the United States, or to recover on judgments of U.S. courts in any civil  
proceedings under the U.S. federal securities laws. 
 
The Bonds may not qualify as “green” pursuant to the EU Green Bond Standard 
If any issued bonds is contemplated to be issued under the Green Bond Framework, It is expected that, during 
the term of the Bonds, EU will issue a Green Bond Standard. Should the Bonds not qualify as "green" pursuant to 
the EU Green Bond Standard, this may have an impact on the pricing of the Bonds. 
 
The Issuer's Green Bond Framework is valid for a period of three years. The Issuer's ability to maintain the Green 
Bond Framework during the term of the Bonds is subject to an update of Cicero's second party opinion, which it 
may not obtain. Failure to maintain the Green Bond Framework will constitute a breach of the Issuer's 
undertakings in the Bond Terms, and may have an impact on the pricing of the Bonds.

--- Page 10 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
10
2 Definitions 
 
Annual Report 2022 
Scatec ASA’s annual report of 2022. 
 
Articles of Association 
The articles of association of Scatec ASA, as amended and currently in 
effect 
 
Base Propectus 
This document dated 16 June 2023. 
The Base Propectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this Base Propectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Such approval shall not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Propectus. The 
Base Propectus has been drawn up as part of a simplified prospectus in 
accordance with Article 14 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
 
Board or  
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of Scatec ASA 
 
Companies Registry 
The Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises (Foretaksregisteret) 
 
Company/Issuer/ 
Scatec ASA 
Scatec ASA, a Norwegian public limited liability company incorporated 
under the laws of Norway, including the public limited companies act 
 
Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
The consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Annual 
Report 2022 
 
EEA 
European Economic Area 
 
Final Terms 
Document to be prepared for each new issue of bonds under the 
Prospectus. The template for Final Terms is included in the Base 
Prospectus as Annex 2. 
 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves the template for Final Terms as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of the 
template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
Group 
The Company and its subsidiaries from time to time 
 
IFRS 
International Financial Reporting Standards 
 
Interim Report Q1 2023 
Scatec ASA’s interim for first quarter 2023. 
 
ISIN 
International Securities Identification Number 
 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus together with a Final Terms constitutes the 
Prospectus. 
 
NOK 
Norwegian kroner 
 
VPS or VPS System 
The Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA

--- Page 11 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
11
3 Persons responsible  
3.1 Persons responsible for the information 
Persons responsible for the information given in the Base Propectus are as follows: 
Scatec ASA, Askekroken 11, N-0277 Oslo, Norway 
 
3.2 Declaration by persons responsible 
Scatec ASA declares that to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base Propectus is in 
accordance with the facts and that the Base Propectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.    
 
 
Oslo, 16 June 2023 
 
 
 
Scatec ASA

--- Page 12 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
12
4 Statutory Auditors   
The statutory auditor for the Issuer for the period covered by the historical financial information in this Base 
Prospectus has been PricewaterhouseCoopers AS, independent public accountants.  
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS is member of The Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Norwegian: Den 
Norske Revisorforeningen).

--- Page 13 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
13
5 Information about the Issuer 
5.1 Legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
The legal name of the Issuer is Scatec ASA, and the commercial name of the Issuer is Scatec. 
 
5.2 Domicile and legal form 
The Company is domiciled and incorporated in Norway. The Company is a public limited liability company 
incorporated under the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act.  
 
The Company's registered address is P.O Box 1049, N-0218 Oslo, Norway. The Company’s LEI code is 
5967007LIEEXZXIARK36.  
 
The Company has no telephone number at its registered office according to the Norwegian Companies Registry. 
The Company's telephone number is +47 48 08 55 00. 
 
The Company’s website is www.scatec.com. The information on the website does not form part of the Base 
Propectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Propectus. 
 
5.3 Other relevant factors associated with this type of investment 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) the Bonds are legal investments for it, (ii) the Bonds can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowings and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of the Bonds. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the 
Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 14 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
14
6 Business overview    
 
Scatec is a renewable energy solutions provider, accelerating access to reliable and affordable clean energy in 
emerging markets. As a long-term player, Scatec develops, builds, owns, and operates renewable energy plants, 
with 4.6 GW in operation and under construction across four continents today. Scatec is committed to grow its 
renewable energy capacity, delivered by its close to 800 passionate employees and partners who are driven by a 
common vision of ‘Improving our Future’. An overview of the asset portfolio of Scatec can be seen below:  
 
In operation: 
Country 
Power plant 
Technology 
Capacity (MW) 
Economic interest 
Laos 
Theun Hinboun 
Hydro 
525 
20 % 
Philippines 
Magat 
Hydro 
388 
50 % 
Egypt 
Benban 
Solar 
380 
51 % 
South Africa 
Upington1 
Solar 
258 
46 % 
Uganda 
Bujagali 
Hydro 
255 
28.30 % 
Malaysia 
Quantum Solar Park 
Solar 
197 
100 % 
Brazil 
Apodi 
Solar 
162 
44 % 
Ukraine 
Project I 
Solar 
148 
100 % 
Philippines 
Binga 
Hydro 
140 
50 % 
Argentina 
Guanizuil IIA 
Solar 
117 
50 % 
Philippines 
Ambuklao 
Hydro 
105 
50 % 
South Africa 
Kalkbult 
Solar 
75 
45 % 
South Africa 
Dreunberg 
Solar 
75 
45 % 
Honduras 
Agua Fria 
Solar 
60 
40 % 
Ukraine 
Project II 
Solar 
55 
100 % 
Ukraine 
Project III 
Solar 
54 
100 % 
Ukraine 
Project IV 
Solar 
47 
51 % 
Malaysia 
Redsol 
Solar 
47 
100 % 
Jordan 
Jordan 
Solar 
43 
62 % 
South Africa 
Linde 
Solar 
40 
45 % 
Mozambique 
Mocuba 
Solar 
40 
53 % 
Vietnam 
Dam Nai 
Wind 
39 
100 % 
Honduras 
Los Prados 
Solar 
35 
70 % 
Ukraine 
Project V 
Solar 
32 
61 % 
Czech Republic 
Czech 
Solar 
20 
100 % 
Philippines 
Maris Hydro 
Hydro 
9 
50 % 
Release 
Release projects 
Solar 
20 
100 % 
Rwanda 
Asyv 
Solar 
9 
54 % 
  
Total: 
3375 
 
 
Under construction: 
Country 
Power plant 
Technology 
Capacity (MW) 
Economic interest 
South Africa 
Kenhardt solar+storage 
Solar 
540 
51 % 
Brazil 
Mendubim 
Solar 
531 
33 % 
Pakistan 
Sukkur 
Solar 
150 
75 % 
Release 
Release projects 
Solar 
26 
100 % 
Philippines 
BESS 
Storage 
20 
50 % 
  
  
Total: 
1267   
 
 
1) On 2 February 2023, Scatec signed an agreement to sell its 42% equity share in the 258 MW Upington solar power plant in 
South Africa . The transaction was closed 1 June 2023. 
Projects in backlog: 
 
Country 
Power plant 
Technology 
Capacity (MW) 
Economic interest 
Tunisia 
Tunisia portfolio 
Solar 
360 
51 %

--- Page 15 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
15
South Africa 
REIPPPP Round 5, 
Solar 
273 
51 % 
Egypt 
Green hydrogen 
Solar 
260 
52 % 
Botswana 
Solar 
Solar 
60 
100 % 
  
Total: 
953 
 
The Company’s investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associated companies can be seen in Annual 
Report 2022, Annual Accounts Parent Company, Note 10.   
 
The company is organised into business segments where the operating segments are determined based on 
differences in the nature of their operations, products and services. Scatec manages its operations in four 
segments: Power Production (PP), Operation & Maintenance (O&M), Development & Construction (D&C) and 
Corporate. 
 
As referred to in table above, please see description of Technology as per below. 
 
Solar: A photovoltaic system, also PV system or solar power system, is an electric power system designed to 
supply usable solar power by means of photovoltaics. It consists of an arrangement of several components, 
including solar panels to absorb and convert sunlight into electricity, a solar inverter to convert the output from 
direct to alternating current, as well as mounting, cabling, and other electrical accessories to set up a working 
system. It may also use a solar tracking system to improve the system’s overall performance and could also 
include an integrated battery. 
 
Wind: A wind turbine is a device that converts the kinetic energy of wind into electrical energy. 
 
Hydro: Hydroelectricity, or hydroelectric power, is electricity generated from hydropower (water power). 
 
6.1 Power Production 
The power plants produce electricity for sale primarily under long term power purchase agreements (PPAs), with 
state owned utilities or corporate off-takers, or under government-based feed-in tariff schemes. The weighted 
average remaining PPA duration for power plants in operation is 15 years. The electricity produced from the 
power plants in the Philippines is sold on bilateral contracts and in the spot market under a renewable operating 
license, and as ancillary services. 
 
Scatec generally owns in excess of 50% of the projects in which it participates, with the remainder held by co-
investors. The power plants are primarily financed with a non-recourse finance structure, meaning that there is no 
obligation for project equity investors to contribute additional funding in the event of a default. Free cash flows 
after debt service are distributed from these power plant companies to Scatec, and any other project equity 
investors in accordance with the shareholding and the terms of the finance documents. 
 
6.2 Services 
The Services segment comprises Operations & Maintenance (O&M) and Asset Management services provided to 
power production plants where Scatec has economic interest. The services are delivered to ensure optimised 
operations of power producing assets through a complete and comprehensive range of services for technical and 
operational management. O&M revenues are generated based on fixed service fees with additional profit-sharing 
arrangements. Asset Management services typically include financial reporting to sponsors and lenders, 
regulatory compliance, environmental and social management, as well as contract management on behalf of the 
power plant companies. Revenues are based on service agreements with a periodic base fee as well as a 
potential performance bonus. These revenues are recognised as the service is provided. 
 
6.3 Development and Construction 
The Development & Construction segment derives its revenue from the sale of development rights and 
construction services to project entities set up to operate the Group’s power production plants. These transactions 
are primarily made with entities that are under the control of the Group and hence eliminated when consolidated. 
Construction services include operations where Scatec is responsible for the total scope of a turnkey installation 
of a power plant through a contract covering Engineering, Procurement and Construction. Revenues from 
construction services are based on fixed price contracts and are accounted for using the percentage of 
completion method. The percentage of completion of a contract is determined by actual cost incurred over total 
estimated costs to complete.

--- Page 16 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
16
7 Trend information 
7.1 Prospects and financial performance 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited 
financial statements.  
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base Propectus. 
 
7.2 Known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events 
 
Energy is key to solving the net zero equation. If the world is to succeed in meeting our global climate targets, we 
must massively scale renewable energy solutions across technologies, ensuring that renewables development 
accelerates to comprise 85% of the world’s energy mix.  
 
The demand for renewables is growing rapidly, spurred on by increasingly urgent climate warnings, along with 
escalating economical and geopolitical factors. The relative competitiveness of renewables has strengthened over 
time, and it is now the most cost-efficient power source in much of the world.  
 
The import of fossil fuels is seen as unreliable by many political leaders, given price volatility and geopolitical 
unrest. Renewable energy represents an opportunity for countries to boost their economic growth, meet growing 
energy needs, improve living standards, generate employment, and reduce dependency on fossil fuels.  
 
Scatec believes that for the world to achieve its climate targets, emerging economies must be part of the solution. 
Today, 63% of carbon emissions stem from emerging markets. However, these markets only receive 20% of the 
global investment in clean energy. The IEA (source: IEA World Energy Outlook 2022) reports that given rising 
populations, expectations for urbanisation and increased industrial activities in these countries, we can expect 
emissions to increase by about five gigatonnes within the next 20 years if we fail to act.  
 
To give these growing economies the boost they need to transition, we are looking at an investment level into 
clean energies of more than USD 1 trillion by 2030, according to the IEA (source: IEA Net Zero by 2050) in a net 
zero by 2050 scenario.  
 
There is also a growing need for green hydrogen, ammonia and other critical feedstocks powered by renewables, 
to accelerate the decarbonisation of hard-to-abate industries.  
 
Emerging economies with renewable resources and strategic locations near end markets, such as Egypt, are 
expected to become large producers and exporters of green hydrogen and green fuel in the years to come. 
 
Scatec growth targets  
 
In September 2022 Scatec announced a sharpened strategy and updated growth targets. Scatec will continue to 
develop, build, own and operate renewable energy in emerging markets and secure long-term, profitable, and 
sustainable growth in the strategy period towards 2027. The strategy outlines three primary focus areas; i) grow 
renewables, ii) advance green hydrogen and iii) optimise portfolio, including financial ambitions and targets. 
 
i. 
Scatec will continue to grow its renewables business, including solar, wind and hydro, by 
building scale in selected focus markets to improve predictability and value creation.  
ii. 
Scatec will build on its core strengths to take a leadership role in green hydrogen by developing 
prime locations in emerging markets, securing long-term offtake, and funding, and applying the 
integrated business model.  
iii. 
Scatec will optimise its portfolio, by simplifying and consolidating, capturing additional value in 
power markets, and scaling and launching Release as an independent platform.  
 
Scatec targets to invest NOK 10 billion of equity in new power plants with a required return of 1.2 times the cost of 
equity. The company has a solid financial platform for growth, including a diversified asset portfolio, prudent 
financial risk management, continued focus on cost discipline, and solid cash flow.

--- Page 17 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
17
8 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
8.1 Information about persons 
 
Board of Directors 
For the members of the Board of Directors of the Company the description below sets out the names, business 
address and functions within the Issuer and an indication of the principal activities performed by them outside the 
Issuer where these are significant with respect to the Issuer:  
 
Name  
Position  
John Andersen Jr. 
Chair of the Board 
Espen Gundersen 
Board member 
Maria Moræus Hanssen 
Board member 
Morten Henriksen 
Board member 
Jørgen Kildahl 
Board member 
Mette Krogsrud 
Board member 
Gisele Marchand 
Board member 
 
All members of the Board of Directors have the same business address: P.O Box 1049, N-0218 Oslo, Norway 
 
John Andersen Jr., Chair of the board 
Year of birth: 1967 
Elected until: 2024 
Education: Master of Business and Economics from BI Norwegian Business School. 
Experience: Currently CEO of Scatec Innovation AS. Former Chief Operating Officer of the REC Group, where he 
held several top management positions during his 12 years with the company. Prior to REC, he worked in 
Borregaard Industrier. 
 
Espen Gundersen, Board Member 
Year of birth: 1964 
Elected until: 2024 
Education: MBA from the Norwegian School of Management, Oslo and Certified Public Accountant from the 
Norwegian School of Economics (NHH). 
Experience: Is currently a full time non-executive board member. Played a key role in the international growth and 
expansion of Tomra Systems in 1999 – 2022, where he had various positions, including CFO from 2003 and 
Deputy CEO from 2009. Previous experience includes positions in Selmer ASA and Arthur Andersen. 
 
Maria Moræus Hanssen, Board member 
Year of birth: 1965 
Elected until: 2024 
Education: Master of Petroleum Engineering from Norwegian University of Science and Technology and Master of 
Petroleums Economics from IFP School 
Experience: Extensive experience from the international oil & gas industry, including 4 years as CEO of DEA AG 
(Hamburg) and ENGIE E&P International SA (Paris). She previously held executive positions in Norsk Hydro, 
Statoil (Equinor), Aker ASA and served as Deputy CEO and COO for newly merged Wintershall DEA until end of 
2019. 
 
Morten Henriksen, Board Member 
Year of birth: 1968 
Elected until: 2025 
Experience: Henriksen will take up the position as CEO of Gassnova SF 1 May 2023. He is a former EVP of 
Arendals Fossekompani ASA, where he led several industrial acquisitions and an IPO on Euronext Growth. He 
has a strong technical background with broad experience from international project leadership in the energy 
space with strong exposure to emerging markets as well as solid commercial experience. 
 
 
Jørgen Kildahl, Board member 
Year of birth: 1963 
Elected until: 2025 
Education: MSc in Economics and MBA from the Norwegian School of Economics, and Advanced Management 
Program at Harvard Business School

--- Page 18 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
18
Experience: Currently Senior Advisor in Energy Infrastructure Partners. Has extensive leadership experience from 
the energy sector, including 5 years as EVP in E.ON SE and 11 years in Statkraft AS, whereof 6 years as CEO of 
Statkraft Energi AS. Holds board positions in Ørsted AS, Telenor ASA and Alpiq AG. 
 
Mette Krogsrud, Board member 
Year of birth: 1968 
Elected until: 2024 
Education: MSc from Norwegian School of Economics (NHH) and MSc in Organisational Change from 
Ashridge/Hult Business School, UK. 
Experience: Currently Consultant in Spencer Stuart International. She has more than 25 years leadership 
experience from a broad range of roles across industries including former positions as Executive Vice President in 
Schibsted Group and Managing Director in Korn Ferry Norway. 
 
Gisele Marchand, Board member 
Year of birth: 1958 
Elected until: 2025 
Education: Bachelor's degree in Business from Copenhagen Business School 
Experience: Has worked as full time non-executive board member and advisor since 2018. She has extensive top 
management experience from positions in financial institutions like DNB ASA (VP in charge of corporate and retail 
banking), the Government Pension Fund (CEO), Eksportfinans ASA (CEO) as well as the law firm Haavind AS 
(CEO). 
 
 
 
Executive Management 
For the members of the Executive Management of the Company the description below sets out the names, 
business address and functions within the Issuer and an indication of the principal activities performed by them 
outside the Issuer where these are significant with respect to the Issuer: 
 
Name  
Position  
Terje Pilskog 
Chief Executive Officer 
Hans Jakob Hegge 
Chief Financial Officer 
Eliseo (Andy) Ana 
EVP Asia 
Kate Bragg 
EVP People, Strategy & Digital 
Jan Fouire 
EVP Sub-Saharan Africa 
Roar Haugland 
EVP Sustainability, HSSE & Quality 
Pål Helsing 
EVP Solutions 
Ann-Mari Lillejord 
EVP Latin America & Europe 
Siobhan Minnaar 
EVP General Counsel 
Pål Strøm 
EVP Operations & Maintenance 
Mikkel Tørud 
EVP Green Hydrogen & MENA  
 
Except for Jan Fouire and Eliseo (Andy) Ana, all members of the Executive Management have the same business 
address: P.O Box 1049, N-0218 Oslo, Norway. Jan Fouire and Eliseo (Andy) Ana have business address: 3 Dock 
Road, 2nd Floor North Wing, Waterway House, V&A Waterfront, Cape Town, 8001 and 11th Floor, NAC Tower, 
32nd St., Bonifacio Global City, Taguig City, Metro Manila, Philippines 1634.  
 
Terje Pilskog (1971) was named CEO of Scatec in 2022, after serving as EVP Project Development since 2013. 
He was previously SVP of REC Systems and Business Development in Germany. Prior to REC, he was 
Associated Partner at the management consulting company McKinsey & Co. Pilskog holds a Master of Science in 
Business Administration from BI Norwegian Business School. 
 
Hans Jakob Hegge (1969) became CFO of Scatec 1 March 2023. He was previously the CFO of Moreld, an 
industrial group owned by Hitec Vision. Prior to Moreld, he held the position as CFO and US Country Manager at 
Equinor. Hegge has more than 24 years of experience from the oil & gas industry, with 19 years in senior 
management positions in Statoil and Equinor. He holds a MSc from the Norwegian School of Economics. 
 
 
Eliseo (Andy) Ana (1977) was appointed EVP Asia in November 2022. Ana joined Scatec in 2021 as SVP 
Hydropower Project Development, Head of Africa & Latin America and became SVP Global Head Hydropower 
Project Development in 2022. Prior this he worked for SN Power since 2018. He previously worked at SN Aboitiz 
Power. Andy is a Civil Engineer with a PhD in Engineering and an MSc in Water Resources Engineering. He has 
extensive experience in hydropower planning, development, and construction.

--- Page 19 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
19
 
Kate Bragg (1986) became EVP People, Strategy & Digital in May 2022, after joining Scatec in 2021 as SVP and 
Head of Strategy and M&A. She was previously VP Corporate Strategy Development at Statkraft and prior to that 
worked for management consultancy McKinsey. Bragg is British and lives in Norway. She holds an MBA from 
Harvard Business School and a BA from Durham University, UK. 
 
Jan Fourie (1983) became EVP Sub-Saharan Africa in November 2022, after joining Scatec in 2015 and serving 
as GM for Sub-Saharan Africa since 2016. He previously worked as Senior Electrical Engineer on a variety of 
power, mining and industrial projects for one of the listed construction majors in South Africa. Fourie holds a 
Master of Business Administration from the University of Cape Town’s Graduate School of Business, and a 
Bachelor of Electrical Engineering from the University of Stellenbosch. 
 
Roar Haugland (1960) became EVP Sustainability, HSSE & Quality of Scatec in 2010. He has more than 20 
years of experience from leading positions in Business Development, Sales and Management from large 
multinational companies such as HP and IBM. Haugland holds a Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering 
from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology. 
 
Pål Helsing (1960) became EVP Solutions of Scatec in 2015. Helsing was previously President of Kongsberg Oil 
and Gas Technologies AS and a member of the Kongsberg Group Executive Management Team. He holds a 
Bachelor of Science Civil from Glasgow University and a Business Economics degree from BI Norwegian 
Business School. 
 
Ann-Mari Lillejord (1982) was appointed EVP Project Development in May 2022. Prior to re-joining Scatec in 
April as SVP Project Development, Lillejord was a partner at HitecVision. She previously held commercial roles 
for Pareto Project Finance and SN Power in Singapore. Lillejord holds a MSc in Economics and Business 
Administration from the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH). 
 
Siobhan Minaar became EVP Legal 1 February 2023. She came from the role as SVP Legal at Scatec and 
joined the company in 2016. She has worked in the renewables industry for more than a decade, having worked 
on several large-scale renewable projects globally from inception to completion, M&A, all legal aspects related to 
project financing, project agreements as well as construction and supply chain contracts. Before joining Scatec, 
Siobhan worked for more than 7 years at Norton Rose Fulbright. Siobhan is South African and lives in Norway. 
She holds a LLB from the Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University. 
 
Pål Strøm (1976) was appointed EVP O&M in November 2022. Strøm was previously SVP of O&M for 5 years 
with responsibility for scaling and broadening the O&M service function in Scatec. Prior to joining Scatec, Strøm 
worked in Statkraft for 15 years holding various leadership position within both the Markets and Production 
divisions of the company. Strøm holds an MSc degree in Electrical Engineering from the Norwegian University of 
Science & Technology and an Executive MBA from the Norwegian Business school (BI). 
 
Mikkel Tørud (1974) became EVP Green Hydrogen & MENA of Scatec 1 March 2023, after serving as CFO 
since 2014. Tørud was previously SVP of Business Development and Investor Relations, and member of Group 
Management in REC. Prior to REC he was commercial advisor in BP. He has extensive experience from finance, 
investor relations, and business development. Tørud holds a Master of Science degree in Industrial Economics 
and Technology from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology. 
 
 
 
8.2 Potential conflicts of interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties carried out on behalf of the Issuer by the persons 
referred to in item 8.1 and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 20 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
20
9 Major shareholders 
9.1 Ownership  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the share capital of Scatec ASA amounted to NOK 3,972,931.88 divided 
into 158,917,275 shares at nominal value of NOK 0.025 each. The Company has one class of shares. 
 
An overview of the Company’s major shareholders as of 20 April 2023 is set out in the table below: 
 
Investor 
 
Total 
Shares 
EQUINOR ASA 
 
16.22% 
25,776,200 
FOLKETRYGDFONDET 
 
8.92% 
14,179,642 
SCATEC INNOVATION AS 
 
8.89% 
14,132,339 
J.P. MORGAN SE 
 
2.80% 
4,457,001 
VERDIPAPIRFONDET DNB MILJØINVEST 
 
2.54% 
4,030,073 
CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A. 
 
2.41% 
3,824,406 
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 
 
2.37% 
3,760,394 
PICTET & CIE (EUROPE) S.A. 
 
2.08% 
3,306,647 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
 
1.83% 
2,915,726 
RAIFFEISEN BANK INTERNATIONAL AG 
 
1.81% 
2,875,403 
CITIBANK EUROPE PLC 
 
1.67% 
2,655,491 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., LONDON 
 
1.50% 
2,384,753 
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON SA/NV 
 
1.35% 
2,142,886 
ARCTIC FUNDS PLC 
 
1.35% 
2,142,886 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
 
1.15% 
1,832,838 
ARGENTOS AS 
 
1.13% 
1,800,000 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
 
1.10% 
1,751,391 
VERDIPAPIRFONDET DNB NORGE 
 
1.02% 
1,620,735 
CITIBANK, N.A. 
 
1.00% 
1,596,448 
VANGUARD TOTAL INTERNATIONAL STOCK 
 
0.99% 
1,577,946 
 TOTAL: 
62.13% 
98,763,205 
 
 
 
9.2 Change of control of the company 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.

--- Page 21 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
21
10 Financial information concerning the Company's assets 
and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
10.1 Financial statements 
Scatec ASA's consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards 
Board (IASB) and as adopted by the European Union (EU). The Group's accounting policies are shown in the 
Annual Report 2022, notes to the Consolidated financial statements Group, pages 63-109. 
 
Scatec ASA's financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Norwegian Accounting Act of 1998 
and Norwegian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (NGAAP). Scatec ASA's accounting policies are shown 
in the Annual Report 2022, note 2, pages 116-118. 
 
According to the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, the historical 
financial information and financial statements is incorporated by reference to the Interim Report Q1 2023 and the 
Annual Report 2022, see Cross Reference List for complete web address.  
 
 
Interim Report Q1 2023 
Annual Report 2022 
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
 
 
 
Scatec ASA Consolidated 
 
 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
15 
57 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position  
 
17-18 
 
59 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flow 
 
20 
 
62 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 
21-31 
 
63-109 
 
 
 
Scatec ASA 
 
 
Statement of income 
--- 
112 
Statement of financial position  
--- 
113-114 
 
Statement of cash flow 
 
--- 
 
115 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
 
--- 
 
116-130 
 
 
10.2 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
The historical financial information for 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers AS. The audit has 
been conducted in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally accepted in 
Norway, including International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information for the Company is given in the Annual Report 2022 pages 
136-141. 
 
10.3 Legal and arbitration proceedings   
There has been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the previous 12 months 
which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or Group's financial position 
or profitability. 
 
10.4 Significant change in the Issuer’s financial position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group which has occurred since the end of 
the last financial period for which interim financial information has been published.

--- Page 22 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
22
11 Regulatory disclosures 
The below tables are a summary of the information disclosed by the Issuer under Regulation (EU) 596/2014 over 
the last 12 months which is relevant at the date of the Base Prospectus. 
 
Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a member state 
Date 
Information 
06.06.2023 
Scatec closes transaction to divest Upington solar plants in South Africa 
 
Notice of closing the previously announced transaction to divest the Upington solar plants in 
South Africa. 
18.04.2023 
Scatec ASA – Minutes of Annual General Meeting 
 
All proposals were resolved as presented in the notice convening the General 
Meeting distributed on 22 March 2023 
23.03.2023 
Scatec Makes final drawdown under non-recourse loan facility for Mendubim solar project in 
Brazil: 
Notice of first drawdown made under a USD 243 million non-recourse loan facility, to partly 
finance construction of the 531 MW Mendubim project in Brazil, after signing the loan 
documents in November 2022.  
22.03.2023 
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
 
Details of the Annual General Meeting 
10.02.2023 
Scatec successfully places NOK 1,000 million unsecured green bonds, completing 
refinancing of bridge facility; 
Notice of successfully placed NOK 1,000 million of new senior unsecured green bonds to 
refinance the remaining USD 93 million of the bridge facility established when Scatec 
acquired SN Power in 2021 
08.12.2022 
Power Purchase Agreements signed under South Africa's REIPPPP Bid Window 5; 
Notice of signed power purchase and implementation agreements (Legal Close) for the three 
solar Grootfontein projects in the Western Cape Province of South Africa, under the 
Renewable Energy Independent 
Power Producer Procurement Programme (REIPPPP), alongside the South African 
government 
15.07.2022 
Yara, ACME and Scatec sign term sheet for sale of green ammonia from Oman; 
Noice of signing a term sheet for offtake from the first phase of green ammonia from Oman. 
08.07.2022 
Scatec and partners sign PPA and start construction activities at the Mendubim solar project 
in Brazil; 
Notice of starting construction activities together with partners for the Mendubim solar project 
in the state of Rio Grande do Norte in Brazil 
02.06.2022 
Scatec signs Power Purchase Agreements under South Africa's RMIPPPP; 
Notice of signing of power purchase agreements for the three Kenhardt 
projects in the Northern Cape Province of South Africa, under the Risk 
Mitigation Independent Power Producer Procurement Programme (RMIPPPP) alongside 
the South African government 
 
 
Half yearly financial reports and audit reports / limited reviews 
Date 
Information 
05.05.2023 
First quarter results 2023 
03.02.2023 
Fourth quarter results 2022 
03,11,2022 
Third quarter results 2022 
26.07.2022 
Second quarter results and first half 2022 results 
06.05.2022 
First quarter results 2022 
 
 
Annual financial and audit reports 
Date 
Information 
22.03.2023 
Scatec publishes Annual Report 2022 and ESG Performanse Report 
 
 
Inside information 
Date 
Information 
02.02.2023 
Scatec sells its Upington solar plant in South Africa for NOK 569 million to finance further 
growth; 
Notice of signing an agreement with a subsidiary of STANLIB Infrastructure Fund II, managed 
by STANLIB Asset Management Proprietary Limited ("STANLIB"), to sell its 42% equity share 
in the 258 MW Upington solar power plant for a gross consideration of ZAR 979 million (NOK 
569 million) 
12.12.2022 
Scatec appoints Hans Jakob Hegge as new Chief Financial Officer;

--- Page 23 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
23
Notice of appointing Hans Jakob Hegge as the company's Chief Financial 
Officer. 
29.09.2022 
Scatec sharpens strategy and sets course to capture value in green transition; 
Presentation of the details of the company's sharpened strategy to the capital markets 
26.09.2022 
Changes to Scatec's Executive Management team; 
Notice of implementing changes to the Executive Management team to position Scatec for 
increased growth and to further strengthen the company's organisation 
19.07.2022 
Scatec is starting construction of solar and battery project in South Africa after reaching 
financial close; 
Notice of starting construction of the three Kenhardt projects in the Northern Cape Province of 
South Africa under the Risk Mitigation Independent Power Producer Procurement Programme 
(RMIPPPP) after reaching financial close 
 
 
Mandatory notification of trade primary insiders 
Date 
Information 
18.03.2023 
 
 
16.03.2023 
 
 
 
02.03.2023 
 
 
03.01.2023 
 
 
22.12.2022 
 
 
30.09.2022 
 
 
04.08.2022 
 
 
 
16.05.2022 
 
 
09.05.2022 
 
 
 
06.05.2022 
 
 
06.05.2022 
 
Mandatory notification of trade by primary insider 
Hans Jakob Hegge, CFO, bought 10,000 shares sin Scatec 
 
Mandatory notification of trade by primary insider 
MMH Nysteen Invest AS, a company controlled by board member Maria Moræus Hanssen 
and related parties, bought 3,030 shares in Scatec 
 
Scatec ASA: New CFO granted share options 
New CFO, Hans Jakob granted share options when he started in Scatec 
 
Scatec ASA: Long term incentive programme 
Share options granted to leading employees, including 11 primary insiders 
 
Mandatory notification of trade by primary insiderBoard member, Mette Krogsrud bought 
1,000 share sin Scatec 
 
Mandatory notification of trade by primary insider 
Board member, Gisele Marchand bought 1,000 share sin Scatec  
 
Mandatory notification of trade by primary insider 
Buzz Aldrin AS, a company controlled by Roar Haugalnd, EVP Sustainability, HSSE & Quality 
sold 110,000 shares in Scatec  
 
Scatec ASA: Employee share purchase programme 
10 primary insiders subscribed for shares in Scatec through the 2022 programme 
 
Mandatory notification of trade by primary insider 
Buzz Aldrin AS, a company controlled by Roar Haugalnd, EVP Sustainability, HSSE & 
Quality, bought 1,600 shares in Scatec  
 
Mandatory notification of trade by primary insider 
Océmar AS, a company controlled by CEO Terje Pilskog, bought 30,000 shares in Scatec 
 
Mandatory notification of trade by primary insider 
• 
MMH Nysteen Invest AS, a company controlled by board member Maria Moræus 
Hanssen and related parties, bought 2,750 shares in Scatec 
• 
Board member Jørgen Kildahl bought 1,000 shares in Scatec 
 
06.05.2022 
 
 
Mandatory notification of trade by primary insiders: 
Board member, Espen Gundersen bought 10,000 shares in Scatec

--- Page 24 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
24
12 Documents available  
 
For the term of the Base Propectus the following documents, where applicable, can be inspected at the Issuer's 
website stated in clause 5.2: 
 
(a) 
the up to date memorandum and articles of association of the Issuer; 
 
(b) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's 
request any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Propectus.

--- Page 25 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
25
13 Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, allows for 
Bonds to be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating within any 
EEA country.   
 
This chapter describes the form, type, definitions, general terms and conditions, return and redemption 
mechanisms, rating and template for Final Terms associated with the Bonds. 
 
Risk factors related to the Bonds are described in Chapter 1 Risk Factors. 
 
13.1 Securities Form 
A Bond is a financial instrument as defined in Norwegian Securities Trading Act’s (Verdipapirhandellovens)  
§ 2-2.  
 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository.  
13.2 Security Type 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue 
The Loan may be either open or closed for increase of the Borrowing Amount during the tenor. With regards to an 
open loan, the First Tranche and Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. A 
subsequent Tap Issue can take place until five banking days prior to the Maturity Date.    
 
Return 
Fixed Rate (FIX) 
A Bond issue with a fixed Interest Rate will bear interest at a fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Interest Rate will be payable annually or semi-annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
A Bond issue with a floating Interest Rate will bear interest equal to a Reference Rate plus a fixed Margin for a 
specified period (3, 6 or 12 months). Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. The period 
lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period is determined two Business Days 
prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current level of the Reference Rate plus the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly, semi-annually or annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Redemption 
The Loan will mature in full at the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal amount.  
 
The Issuer may have the option to prematurely redeem the Loan in full at terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder at terms specified in the applicable Final terms. 
 
Security 
The Bonds may be either secured or unsecured. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Negative pledge 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 26 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
26
 
13.3 Definitions 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other definitions 
relevant for this Prospectus. If these definitions at any point in time no longer represent the correct understanding 
of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
Additional Bonds: 
Means debt instruments issued under a Tap Issue, including any Temporary Bonds as defined 
in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Attachment: 
Means any schedule, appendix or other attachment to the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Base Prospectus: 
This document. Describes the Issuer and predefined features of Bonds that can be listed under 
the Base prospectus, as specified in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Valid for 12 
months after it has been published. In this period, a prospectus may be constituted by the 
Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms for each new 
issue. 
Bond Issue/Bonds/ 
Notes/the Loan: 
Means (i) the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to these Bond Terms, including 
any Additional Bonds, and (ii) any overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued under 
a separate ISIN in accordance with the regulations of the CSD from time to time. 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
The terms and conditions, including all Attachments which form an integrated part of the Bond 
Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
 
 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a 
Bond, subject however to the Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bondholders’ 
decisions: 
The Bondholders’ Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in 
all matters relating to the Bonds and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and 
conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and 
any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes. 
 
At the Bondholders’ meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each voting bond owned 
at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders’ meeting in the records 
registered in the Securities Depository.  
 
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting bonds must be represented at the 
Bondholders' meeting. See also the clause for repeated Bondholders’ meeting in the Bond 
Terms.  
 
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, 
however, a majority of at least 2/3 of the voting bonds represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting 
is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of the Bond Terms. 
 
(For more details, see also the clause for Bondholders’ decisions in the Bond Terms) 
 
 
Bondholders rights: 
Bondholders' rights are specified in the Bond Terms.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the 
Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, or its successor(s) Website: 
https://nordictrustee.com 
 
The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the 
Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, 
including enforcement of the Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others. 
 
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the finance documents. 
The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or 
any other obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in the Bond Terms, or to take any steps 
to ascertain whether any event of default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is entitled to take 
such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights 
of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the finance documents.

--- Page 27 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
27
 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap 
Issue and Borrowing 
Amount/First Tranche 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue is the maximum issue amount for an open Bond issue.  
 
Borrowing Amount/First Tranche is the borrowing amount for a closed Bond Issue, or the 
borrowing amount for the first tranche of an open Bond Issue. 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue and Borrowing Amount/First Tranche will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Business Day: 
Means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is open, and the relevant 
settlement system for the bond currency is open. 
 
 
Business Day 
Conventon: 
Means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business 
Day: 
a) If Modified Following Adjusted is specified (FRN), the Interest Period will be extended to 
include the first following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in 
which case the Interest Period will be shortened to the first preceding Business Day. 
b) If No Adjustment is specified (Fixed Rate), no adjustment will be made to the Interest 
Period. 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
The Bond Trustee, if not otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Call Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer may redeem all but not only some of the 
Outstanding Bonds on any Business Day.  
 
In such case the Call Date(s), the Call Price(s) and the Call Notice Period will be specified in 
the Final Terms. 
 
 
Change of Control 
Event: 
Means a person or group of persons acting in concert gaining Decisive Influence over the 
Issuer as defined in the Bond Terms.  
 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the Bond Issue is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Day Count Convention: The convention for calculation of payment of interest; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of 
twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number 
of days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless: 
(i) the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or 
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
(b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis). 
 
 
Denomination – Each 
Bond: 
The nominal amount of each Bond. 
 
Denomination – Each Bond will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Disbursement Date / 
Issue Date 
Date of bond issue.  
 
On the Issue Date the bonds will be delivered to the Bondholder’s VPS-account against 
payment or to the Bondholder’s custodian bank if the Bondholder does not have his/her own 
VPS-account. 
 
The Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Early redemption 
option due to a tax 
event: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem all, but not only some, of the 
Outstanding Bonds prior to the Maturity Date due to a tax event. 
 
In such case the terms of the early redemption option will be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 28 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
28
Exchange: 
Means: 
(a) Oslo Børs (the Oslo Stock Exchange); or 
(b) any regulated market as defined in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Final Terms: 
Document describing securities as specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
prepared as part of the Prospectus. Final Terms will be prepared for each new security as 
specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, issued by the Issuer. 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
In the case of NIBOR: Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period. 
 
Interest Determination Date(s) for other Reference Rates, see Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period.  
 
Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and including an Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
 
(i) 
If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage rate per annum (based 
on the Day Count Convention)  
 
(ii) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate 
plus a Margin (based on the Day Count Convention). Interest Rate or Reference Rate 
may be deemed to be zero. 
 
The Interest Rate is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Rate 
Adjustment Date: 
Date(s) for adjusting the Interest Rate for a Bond Issue with floating interest rate. 
 
The Interest Rate Adjustment Date will coincide with the Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond Issue. ISIN is specified in Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Issuer: 
Scatec ASA is the Issuer under the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Denomination, to be paid by the Bondholders at the Issue Date. 
 
Issue Price will be specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
The bond issue’s Joint Lead Manager(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI), is a 20-character reference code to uniquely identify legally distinct 
entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
LEI-code is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Listing: 
Listing of a Bond Issue on an Exchange is due to the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to 
the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms. 
 
An application for listing will be sent after the Disbursement Date and as soon as possible after 
the Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA. 
 
Bonds listed on an Exchange are freely negotiable. See also Market Making. 
 
 
Market Making: 
For Bonds listed on an Exchange, a market-maker agreement between the Issuer and a 
Manager may be entered into.

--- Page 29 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
29
 
This will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Margin: 
The margin, specified in percentage points, to be added to the Reference rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
 
 
Maturity Date: 
The date the bond issue is due for payment, if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, 
Put Option or Early redemption option due to a tax event. The Maturity Date coincides with the 
last Interest Payment Date and is adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention.  
 
The Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
The Issuer will issue on the Issue date the first tranche of the bond issue as specified in Final 
Terms. During the term of the bond issue, new tranches may be issued up to the Borrowing 
Limit, as specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Paying Agent: 
The entity designated by the Issuer to manage (maintain the Issuer Account for) the bond 
issue in the Securities Depository. 
 
The Paying Agent is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Principal amount: 
Outstanding amounts under the Loan from time to time. 
 
 
Prospectus: 
The Prospectus consists of the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms prepared in connection with application for listing on an 
Exchange.  
 
 
Put Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each 
Bondholder will have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds 
held by that Bondholder. 
 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and redemption price will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Put Option Event: 
Means a Change of Control Event or a Share De-Listing Event.  
 
 
Redemption: 
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, if not 
already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, Put Option or Early redemption option due to a tax 
event.  
 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage of the Denomination – Each Bond to which the Bond 
Issue is to be redeemed at the Maturity Date.  
 
Redemption Price is 100 per cent of Denomination – Each Bond. 
 
 
Reference Rate:  
For FRN, the Reference Rate shall be NIBOR or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. 
 
The Reference Rate, the Relevant Screen Page, the specified time, information about the past 
and future performance and volatility of the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be 
specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: For FRN, an internet address or an electronic information platform belonging to a renowed 
provider of Reference Rates. 
 
The Relevant Screen Page will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Securities Depository 
/CSD: 
The securities depository in which the bonds are registered, in accordance with the Norwegian 
Act of 2019 no. 6 regarding Securities depository. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following Securities Depository will be used:

--- Page 30 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
30
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (“Verdipapirsentralen” or ”VPS”), P.O. Box 4, 0051 
Oslo. 
 
 
Share De-listing Event: Means an event where the Issuer’s shares are no longer listed and admitted to trading on the 
Oslo Stock Exchange and are not immediately thereafter listed on another regulated market. 
 
 
Tap Issues: 
The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in the Bond Terms are met, at one or 
more occasions up until five banking days prior to the Maturity Date or any earlier date when 
the Bonds have been redeemed in full, issue Additional Bonds until the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Bonds outstanding equals the Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue (less the aggregate 
nominal amount of any previously redeemed Bonds) 
 
If N/A is specified in the Borrowing Limit in the Final Terms, the Issuer may not make Tap 
Issues under the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a requirement for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus in order for the Additional Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, the 
Additional Bonds may be issued under a separate ISIN which, upon the approval of the 
supplement, will be converted into the ISIN for the Bonds issued on the initial Issue Date. The 
Bond Terms governs such Temporary Bonds. The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee, the 
Exchange and the Paying Agent once such supplement is approved. 
 
 
Yield: 
Dependent on the Market Price for Bond Issue with floating rate. Yield for the first interest 
period can be determined when the interest is known, normally two Business Days before the 
Issue Date. 
  
For Bond Issue with fixed rate, yield is dependent on the market price and number of Interest 
Payment Dates. 
 
Yield is specified in Final Terms. 
 
13.4 General terms and conditions 
These general terms and conditions summarise and describe the general terms and conditions set out in any 
Bond Terms. If these general terms and conditions at any point in time no longer represents the correct 
understanding of the general terms and conditions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
13.4.1 Use of proceeds 
Use of proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms. 
13.4.2 Publication 
The Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms will be published on 
Issuer’s website https://scatec.com/investor/investor-overview/, or on the Issuer's visit address, Askekroken 11, N-
0277 Oslo, Norway, or their successor (s). 
 
The Prospectus will be published by a stock exchange announcement. 
 
13.4.3 Redemption 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the Securities Registry. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation 
Period Claims of 18 May 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for principal. 
 
13.4.4 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. 
 
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the loan. Any public fees or taxes on 
sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or 
regulation. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.

--- Page 31 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
31
 
13.4.5 Security Depository and secondary trading 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository, see also the definition 
of "Securities Depository". Securities Depository is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Secondary trading will be made over an Exchange for Bonds listed on a marketplace. See also definition of 
“Market Making”. 
 
Prospectus fee for the Base Propectus including templates for Final Terms is NOK 108,000. In addition, there is a 
listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list of the Exchange. The listing fees will be 
specified in the Final Terms.  
 
13.4.6 Status of the Bonds and Security 
The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between 
themselves. 
 
Further information about status of the bonds and security will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
13.4.7 Bond Terms 
The Bond Terms has been entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms regulates the 
Bondholders’ rights and obligations in relations with the bond issue. The Bond Trustee enters into the Bond 
Terms on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent 
provided for in the Bond Terms. 
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by 
the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to 
be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and is also available through the 
Manager(s), Issuer and the Bond Trustee. 
 
13.4.8 Legislation 
The Bond Terms is governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. The Issuer is subject to 
Norwegian legislation, the most relevant law for the Group's operations is the Public Limited Companies Act, the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act and the Norwegian Stock Exchange Regulations. 
 
13.4.9 Approvals 
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval. 
 
The date of the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval will be specified in the Final Terms 
 
The Base Prospectus has been submitted to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) 
before listing of the Bonds takes place. 
 
Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet for information in connection with an application for listing of a 
Bond Issue. 
 
The Base Prospectus will not be the basis for offers for subscription in bonds that are not subject to a prospectus 
obligation. 
 
13.4.10 Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 32 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
32
13.5 Return and redemption 
Bonds may have return and redemption mechanisms as explained below. The relevant Final Terms refer to these 
mechanisms and provide relevant parameter values for the specific bond issue. 
13.5.1 Bonds with floating rate 
13.5.1.a Return (interest) 
The Interest Rate is specified in Interest Rate ii). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (b). 
 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero.  
 
The period lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period are determined two 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus 
the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/360, modified following. 
 
13.5.1.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.5.2 Bonds with fixed rate 
13.5.2.a Return (interest) 
The interest rate is specified in Interest Rate (i). Payment of the the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (a).  
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/365 for bond issue with fixed rate.  
 
13.5.2.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.6 Rating 
There are no credit ratings assigned to the Issuer at the request or with the cooperation of the Issuer. 
 
There are no credit ratings assigned to the securities at the request or with the cooperation of the Issuer.  
 
13.7 Final Terms 
Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating bond issue, see Annex 2.

--- Page 33 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
33
Cross reference list 
Reference in 
Base 
Propectus 
Refers to 
Details 
10.1 Financial 
statements 
Annual Report 2022, available at 
https://scatec.com/investor/events-
presentations/ 
Scatec ASA’s consolidated accounting policies, pages 
63-109 
 
Scatec ASA’s accounting policies, pages 116-118 
 
 
Annual Report 2022, available at 
https://scatec.com/investor/events-
presentations/ 
Scatec ASA Consolidated 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss page 57 
Consolidated statement of financial position pages 59 
Consolidated statement of cash flow page 62 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements pages 
63-109 
 
Scatec ASA 
Statement of income page 112 
Statement of financial position page 113-114 
Statement of cash flow page 115 
Notes to the financial statements pages 116-130 
 
 
Interim Report Q1 2023, available at 
https://scatec.com/wp-
content/uploads/sites/7/2023/05/Scat
ec-first-quarter-report-2023.pdf  
Scatec ASA Consolidated 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss page 15 
Consolidated statement of financial position pages 17-
18 
Consolidated statement of cash flow page 20 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements pages 
21-31 
10.2 Auditing of 
historical 
annual financial 
information 
Annual Report 2022, available at 
https://scatec.com/investor/events-
presentations/ 
Auditors report pages136-141 
 
 
 
 
 
References to the documents mentioned above are limited to information given in “Details”, e.g. that the non- 
incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the prospectus.

--- Page 34 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
34
14 Third party information and statement by experts and 
declarations of any interest 
 
14.1 Third party information 
Part of the information given in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third party. It is hereby confirmed 
that the information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as Scatec ASA is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The following table lists such third parties  
 
Kind of 
information 
Publicly available 
Name of 
third party 
Business 
address 
Qualifications 
Material 
interest 
in the 
Company 
IEA World 
Energy 
Outlook 
2022 
Free download at 
https://www.iea.org/reports/world-
energy-outlook-2022/executive-
summary  
International 
Energy 
Agency 
9, rue de la 
Fédération, 
Paris, 
France 
Intergovernmental 
organisation, 
providing global 
energy sector 
analysis and data  
None 
IEA Net 
Zero by 
2050 
Free download at 
https://www.iea.org/reports/net-
zero-by-2050  
International 
Energy 
Agency 
9, rue de la 
Fédération, 
Paris, 
France 
Intergovernmental 
organisation, 
providing global 
energy sector 
analysis and data 
None 
 
If not otherwise indicated, Scatec ASA is the source of any other information in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 35 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
35
Statements regarding Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subjet of this Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has 
been drawn up as part of a simplified prospectus in accordance with Article 14 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA only approves the template for Final Terms as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of the 
template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
securities.

--- Page 36 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
36
Joint Lead Managers’ disclaimer 
 
DNB Bank ASA, Nordea Bank Abp, Norwegian branch and SpareBank 1 Markets, the Joint Lead Managers, have 
assisted the Company in preparing the Base Propectus. The Joint Lead Managers have not verified the information 
contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, expressed or implied, is made and the 
Joint Lead Managers expressly disclaim any legal or financial liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in this Base Propectus or any other information supplied in connection with the issuance or 
distribution of bonds by Scatec ASA. The statements made in this paragraph are without prejudice to the 
responsibility of the Company. 
 
This Base Propectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Lead Managers, available at their 
websites. Confidentiality rules and internal rules restricting the exchange of information between different parts of 
the Joint Lead Managers may prevent employees of the Joint Lead Managers who are preparing this Base 
Propectus from utilising or being aware of information available to the Joint Lead Managers and/or any of its affiliated 
companies and which may be relevant to the recipient's decisions. 
 
Each person receiving this Base Propectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint Lead 
Managers, nor on any person affiliated with it in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information 
or its investment decision. 
 
Oslo, 16 June 2023 
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
(www.dnb.no) 
 
 
Nordea Bank Abp, Norwegian branch 
(www.nordea.no) 
 
SpareBank 1 Markets 
(www.sb1markets.no)

--- Page 37 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
37
Annex 1 Articles of Association for Scatec ASA

--- Page 38 ---
These articles have been prepared in both Norwegian and 
English. In case of any discrepancies between the versions, 
the Norwegian version shall prevail. 
Vedtekter 
for 
Scatec ASA 
(sist endret 18. april 2023) 
§ 1 
Selskapets navn er Scatec ASA. Selskapet er et 
allmennaksjeselskap. 
§ 2 
Selskapets forretningskontor er i Oslo kommune. 
§ 3 
Selskapets formål er etablering og drift av virksomhet 
innen fornybar energi, herunder investering i 
selskaper med slik virksomhet. 
§ 4 
Selskapets firma tegnes av styrets leder. 
§ 5 
Styret kan tildele prokura. 
§ 6 
Aksjekapitalen er NOK 3 972 931,875 fullt innbetalt og 
fordelt på 158 917 275 aksjer, hver med pålydende 
NOK 0,025. 
§ 7 
Selskapets styre skal ha fra tre til syv medlemmer etter 
generalforsamlingens nærmere beslutning. 
§ 8 
Selskapet skal ha en valgkomité. 
Valgkomiteen skal avgi innstillinger til 
generalforsamlingen om valg av aksjeeiervalgte 
medlemmer til styret, godtgjørelse til styrets 
Articles of association 
for 
Scatec ASA 
(last amended on 18 April 2023) 
§ 1 
The company’s name is Scatec ASA. The company is a 
public limited company. 
§ 2 
The company’s registered office is in the municipality of 
Oslo. 
§ 3 
The company's business is establishment and operation of 
business within renewable energy, hereunder investment 
in companies operating such business. 
§ 4 
The chairman of the board alone shall have the authority to 
sign for the company. 
§ 5 
The board may grant power of procuration. 
§ 6 
The share capital is NOK 3,972,931.875 fully paid up and 
divided on 158,917,275 shares, each with a nominal value 
of NOK 0.025. 
§ 7 
The company’s board of directors shall consist of three to 
seven members. 
§ 8 
The company shall have a Nomination Committee. 
The Nomination Committee shall make recommendations 
to the General Meeting regarding election of shareholder- 
elected members of the Board of Directors, remuneration to

--- Page 39 ---
medlemmer, valg av medlemmer til valgkomiteen og 
godtgjørelse til valgkomiteens medlemmer. 
 
 
Valgkomiteen skal bestå av to til fire medlemmer som 
skal være aksjeeiere eller representanter for aksjeeiere. 
Valgkomiteens medlemmer, herunder valgkomiteens 
leder, velges av generalforsamlingen for en periode på 
ett eller to år. Valgkomiteens medlemmer kan 
gjenvelges. Godtgjørelse til valgkomiteens medlemmer 
fastsettes av generalforsamlingen. 
 
 
 
§ 9 
 
Styret kan beslutte at aksjonærer som vil delta på 
generalforsamlingen, må gi selskapet melding om 
dette. Slik melding må være mottatt av selskapet 
senest to virkedager før generalforsamlingen 
avholdes, med mindre styret før innkallingen til 
generalforsamlingen er sendt fastsetter en senere 
frist for meldingen 
 
Dokumenter som gjelder saker som skal behandles på 
generalforsamlingen trenger ikke sendes til aksjeeierne 
dersom dokumentene er gjort tilgjengelige for 
aksjeeierne på selskapets internettsider. Dette gjelder 
også dokumenter som etter lov skal inntas i eller 
vedlegges innkallingen til generalforsamlingen. 
 
Styret kan bestemme at aksjeeierne skal kunne avgi sin 
stemme skriftlig, herunder ved bruk av elektronisk 
kommunikasjon, i en periode før generalforsamlingen. 
 
§ 10 
 
Den ordinære generalforsamling skal behandle: 
 
1) Godkjennelse av årsregnskapet og 
årsberetningen, herunder utdeling av utbytte 
 
2) Andre saker som etter loven eller vedtektene 
hører under generalforsamlingen. 
the members of the Board of Directors, election of 
members to the Nomination Committee and remuneration 
to the members of the Nomination Committee. 
 
The Nomination Committee shall consist of two to four 
members who shall be shareholders or representatives of 
shareholders. The members of the Nomination 
Committee, including the Chair of the Nomination 
Committee, are elected by the General Meeting for a term 
of one or two years. The members of the Nomination 
Committee can be reelected. Remuneration to the 
members of the Nomination Committee is determined by 
the General Meeting. 
 
§ 9 
 
The board of directors may decide that Shareholders who 
wishes to attend the general meeting must provide a 
notification to the company. Such notification must be 
received by the company no later than two business days 
prior to the general meeting, unless the board, prior to 
sending the notice of the general meeting, determine a 
later date for the notification. 
 
Documents relating to matters which shall be considered at 
the general meeting need not be sent to the shareholders if 
the documents are made available to the shareholders on 
the company’s websites. This also applies for documents 
which according to law shall be included in or attached to 
the notice to the general meeting. 
 
The board of directors may decide that shareholders may 
submit their votes in writing, including by use of electronic 
communication, in a period prior to the general meeting. 
 
§ 10 
 
The company’s ordinary general meeting shall consider the 
following: 
 
1) Approval of the annual accounts and annual report, 
including distribution of dividend. 
2) Other matters which according to law or articles of 
association shall be dealt with by the general 
meeting.

--- Page 40 ---
Scatec ASA, 16 June 2023 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
38
Annex 2 Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating rate 
Bonds

--- Page 41 ---
[Annex 2] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
for 
 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oslo, [Date]

--- Page 42 ---
Scatec ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
2  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purpose of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus clauses 2 Definitions and 13.3 Definitions, these Final Terms and the attached Bond Terms. 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are professional investors and eligible counterparties, insert the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only (ECPs) target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties, 
insert the following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently

--- Page 43 ---
Scatec ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
3  
offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Bonds are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – 
investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable].] 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 16 June 2023 and [the supplement[s] 
to the Base Prospectus dated [date]].  
 
The Base Prospectus dated 16 June 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ([together,] the “Base 
Prospectus”). 
 
Final Terms include a summary of each Bond Issue. 
 
These Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are available on the 
Issuer's website https://scatec.com/investor/investor-overview/, or on the Issuer's visit address, Askekroken 11, N-
0277 Oslo, Norway, or their successor (s).

--- Page 44 ---
Scatec ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
4  
1 Summary  
The below summary has been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements in Article 7 in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as of 14 June 2017. 
 
Introduction and warning 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the securities should be 
based on consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole by the 
investor. The investor could lose all or part of the invested capital.  
Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is brought before a court, the plaintiff investor might, 
under the national law, have to bear the costs of translating the 
Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil 
liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the 
summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read 
together with the other parts of the Base Prospectus, or where it 
does not provide, when read together with the other parts of the 
prospectus, key information in order to aid investors when 
considering whether to invest in such securities. 
Name 
and 
international 
securities 
identification 
number 
(‘ISIN’) 
of 
the 
securities. 
[●] 
Identity and contact details of the issuer, 
including its legal entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
Scatec ASA 
P.O. Box 1049 
N-0218 Oslo 
Norway 
Telephone: +47 48 08 55 00 
 
Registration number 990 918 546 in the Norwegian Companies 
Registry 
LEI-code ((legal entity identifier): 5967007LIEEXZXIARK36. 
Identity and contact details of the offeror or 
of the person asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market. 
There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been produced in 
connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. The 
Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Identity and contact details of the competent 
authority that approved the prospectus 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet), 
Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo.   
Telephone number is +47 22 93 98 00.  
E-mail: prospekter@finanstilsynet.no. 
Date of approval of the prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus was approved on 16 June 2023. 
 
Key information on the Issuer 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Who is the issuer of the securities 
Scatec ASA 
Domicile and legal form 
The Company is a public limited liability company incorporated in 
Norway and organized under the laws of Norway, including the 
Public Limited Liability Companies Act 
Principal activities 
Scatec is a renewable power producer, delivering affordable and 
clean energy worldwide. As a long-term player, Scatec develops, 
builds, owns and operates solar, wind and hydro power plants and 
storage solutions. 
Major shareholders 
 
Investor 
 
Total 
Shares 
EQUINOR ASA 
 
16.22% 
25,776,200 
FOLKETRYGDFONDET 
 
8.92% 
14,179,642 
SCATEC INNOVATION AS 
 
8.89% 
14,132,339 
J.P. MORGAN SE 
 
2.80% 
4,457,001

--- Page 45 ---
Scatec ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
5  
VERDIPAPIRFONDET DNB MILJØINVEST 
 
2.54% 
4,030,073 
CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A. 
 
2.41% 
3,824,406 
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 
 
2.37% 
3,760,394 
PICTET & CIE (EUROPE) S.A. 
 
2.08% 
3,306,647 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
 
1.83% 
2,915,726 
RAIFFEISEN BANK INTERNATIONAL AG 
 
1.81% 
2,875,403 
CITIBANK EUROPE PLC 
 
1.67% 
2,655,491 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., LONDON 
 
1.50% 
2,384,753 
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON SA/NV 
 
1.35% 
2,142,886 
ARCTIC FUNDS PLC 
 
1.35% 
2,142,886 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
 
1.15% 
1,832,838 
ARGENTOS AS 
 
1.13% 
1,800,000 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
 
1.10% 
1,751,391 
VERDIPAPIRFONDET DNB NORGE 
 
1.02% 
1,620,735 
CITIBANK, N.A. 
 
1.00% 
1,596,448 
VANGUARD TOTAL INTERNATIONAL STOCK 
 
0.99% 
1,577,946 
 TOTAL: 
62.13% 
98,763,205 
 
 
 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.  
 
Management 
 
 
Name  
Position  
Terje Pilskog 
Chief Executive Officer 
Hans Jakob Hegge 
Chief Financial Officer 
Eliseo (Andy) Ana 
EVP Asia 
Kate Bragg 
EVP People, Strategy & Digital 
Jan Fouire 
EVP Sub-Saharan Africa 
Roar Haugland 
EVP Sustainability, HSSE & Quality 
Pål Helsing 
EVP Solutions 
Ann-Mari Lillejord 
EVP Latin America & Europe 
Siobhan Minnaar 
EVP General Counsel 
Pål Strøm 
EVP Operations & Maintenance 
Mikkel Tørud 
EVP Green Hydrogen & MENA  
 
 
Statutory auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS 
What is the key financial information 
regarding the issuer 
 
Key financial information 
 
 
Scatec ASA Consolidated 
Amounts in NOK million 
Interim Report 
Annual Report 
 
Q1 2023 
2022 
Operating profit 
353 
723 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
22,257 
19,578 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
1,130 
756 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
418 
221 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
-2,121 
-1,406

--- Page 46 ---
Scatec ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
6  
Scatec ASA 
Amounts in NOK million 
Annual Report 
 
 
Operating profit 
-665 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
8,017 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
-665 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
-743 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
599 
 
 
 
 
There is no description of any qualifications in the audit report for the Annual Report 2022. 
What are the key risk factors that are specific 
to the issuer  
• 
Cost uncertainty and increasing operating expenses 
For projects in which the Group currently undertakes, or 
in the future will undertake, the construction of any 
particular PV, wind and hydropower plant, the Group is 
subject to the risk of cost overruns or other unanticipated 
costs and expenses, or delays that could have a material 
adverse impact on the Group's financial performance. 
 
• 
The Group is dependent on external subcontractors 
and suppliers of services and goods to carry out its 
operations 
If suppliers fail to meet agreed or generally accepted 
standards in areas such as environmental compliance, 
human rights, labour relations, product quality and timely 
delivery, this could have a significant adverse effect. 
 
 
• 
The Group is exposed for fluctuations in the 
electricity prices 
The Group is exposed to fluctuations in electricity prices, 
which may adversely impact the Group’s operations and 
financial condition. The Group's revenue, cash flow, 
profitability and rate of growth are dependent on the local 
and international prices of electricity. 
 
 
• 
The Group operates in countries with a high degree 
of bureaucracy and/or turbulent political conditions 
The Group further carries out operations in several 
countries with a history of turbulent political conditions. 
Operating business in countries with such turbulent 
political conditions may be challenging and lead to 
slower production due to halt in deliveries, unforeseen 
regulatory changes, or lack of governmental regulations. 
 
• 
The Group operates in countries where corruption 
and other unethical practices may occur 
The Group operates in countries known to experience 
governmental corruption. While the Group is committed 
to conducting business in a legal and ethical manner, 
there is a risk that the Group’s employees or agents or 
those of its affiliates may take actions that violate 
applicable anti-corruption regulations. These actions 
could result in monetary penalties against the Group or 
its affiliates and could damage the Group’s reputation 
and, therefore, its ability to do business.

--- Page 47 ---
Scatec ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
7  
• 
The international operations expose the Company to 
exchange rate risks rising from various currency 
transactions and exposures 
The Group operates internationally and is exposed to 
foreign exchange risk arising from various currency 
transactions and exposures. As the Group reports its 
consolidated results in NOK, any change in exchange 
rates between NOK and its subsidiaries' functional 
currencies. 
 
• 
The Group is exposed to credit risks in relation to 
third parties with obligations to the Group 
The Group is exposed to third party credit risk in several 
instances, including off-take partners, suppliers and/or 
contractors , property owners, banks providing financing 
and guarantees of the obligations of other parties, 
insurance companies providing coverage against various 
risks applicable to the Group’s assets, and other third 
parties who may have obligations towards the Group. 
 
• 
The Group is exposed to various risks related to the 
Group's financing arrangements 
The Group has operational and financial covenants 
related to its loans and other financial commitments, 
demanding a certain performance of the Group and 
setting restrictions on the Group's freedom to operate 
and manage the Group’s business, including change of 
control clauses that may be triggered outside the control 
of the Group. Failure to comply with financial and other 
covenants may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group and its financial position. 
 
• 
The Group is exposed to risks in relation to interest 
rates 
Following the recent increases in interest rates globally, 
the risks related to interest rate fluctuations are more 
apparent. The higher interest rates increase the 
expected return on certain alternative investments and 
increase costs of financing. A further increase in interest 
rates could significantly reduce the profitability of the 
Group's power plants. 
 
 
Key information on the securities 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
What are the main features of the securities 
 
Description of the securities, including ISIN 
code. 
[●] 
Currency for the bond issue 
[●] 
Borrowing Limit and Borrowing Amount  
 [● tranche] 
[●] 
Denomination – Each Bond 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of 
the securities. 
[●] 
Description of the rights attached to the 
securities, limitations to those rights and 
ranking of the securities. 
[●] 
Information about Issue and Maturity Date, 
interest rate, instalment and representative 
of the bondholders 
[●] 
Status of the bonds and security 
[●] 
Where will the securities be traded 
 
Indication as to whether the securities 
[●]

--- Page 48 ---
Scatec ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
8  
offered are or will be the object of an 
application for admission to trading. 
What are the key risks that are specific to the 
securities 
 
• 
Investing in Bonds involves inherent risks 
Investing in bond instruments inherently involves the risk 
that the value of the Bonds will decrease or that the 
Issuer will be unable to fulfil its obligations to repay the 
Bonds or pay interest under the Bonds. Thus, any 
prospective investor must be able to suffer such 
economic risk, and to withstand a complete loss of an 
investment in the Bonds. 
 
• 
The Issuer may not have sufficient funds to service 
the Bonds 
During the lifetime of the Bonds, the Issuer will be 
required to make payments on the Bonds. The Issuer is 
dependent upon the ability of its subsidiaries to generate 
cash flow from operations and to make distributions to 
the Issuer. If the Issuer is unable to generate sufficient 
distributions from its subsidiaries, it will be forced to 
adopt an alternative strategy that may include actions 
such as reducing capital expenditures, selling assets, 
restructuring or refinancing indebtedness or seeking new 
equity capital. 
 
 
• 
Issuer's redemption of Bonds 
The terms of the Bonds will provide that the Issuer may 
redeem all or parts of the Bonds at various call prices 
during the lifetime of the Bonds. Hence there is a risk 
that the market value of the Bonds will be higher than the 
early redemption amount. 
 
 
Bonds structurally subordinated to liabilities of 
Issuer's 
subsidiaries 
and 
SPV’s 
The Bonds structurally subordinated to liabilities of 
Issuer's subsidiaries and SPV’s. Accordingly, in an 
enforcement 
scenario, 
creditors 
of 
the 
Issuer's 
subsidiaries will generally be entitled to payment in full 
from the sale or other disposal of the assets of such 
subsidiaries before the Issuer, as a direct or indirect 
shareholder, will be entitled to receive any distributions. 
 
• 
Bond Terms may be amended or waived 
Bond Terms may be amended or waived, The Bond 
Terms allow for stated majorities to bind all bondholders, 
including bondholders who have not taken part in the 
meeting or procedure and those who have voted against 
the majority. Consequently, there is a risk that the 
actions of the majority in such matters will impact a 
bondholder's rights in a manner that is undesirable for it. 
 
 
• 
The Bonds may not qualify as “green” pursuant to 
the EU Green Bond Standard 
The Issuer's Green Bond Framework is valid for a period 
of three years. The Issuer's ability to maintain the Green 
Bond Framework during the term of the Bonds is subject 
to an update of Cicero's second party opinion, which it 
may not obtain. Failure to maintain the Green Bond 
Framework will constitute a breach of the Issuer's 
undertakings in the Bond Terms, and may have an 
impact on the pricing of the Bonds 
 
Most material key risks

--- Page 49 ---
Scatec ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
9  
 
Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated marked 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Under which conditions and timetable can I 
invest in this security? 
 [●] 
 
The estimate of total expenses related to the admission to 
trading is as follow: [●]. 
 
[/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Listing fee Oslo Børs [●] 
Registration fee Oslo Børs [●] 
 
Why is the prospectus being produced 
In connection with listing of the securities on the Oslo Børs. 
Reasons for the admission to trading on a 
regulated marked and use of. 
Use of proceeds [●] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds [●] 
 
Description of material conflicts of interest to 
the issue including conflicting interests. 
[●]

--- Page 50 ---
Scatec ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
10  
2 Detailed information about the security 
 
Generally: 
 
ISIN code: 
[ISIN] 
 
 
The Loan/The Bonds: 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
Borrower/Issuer: 
Scatec ASA is registered in the Norwegian Companies Registry with 
registration number 990 918 546. The Company’s LEI code is 
5967007LIEEXZXIARK36. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Security Type: 
[Un]secured [open] bond issue with [fixed/floating] rate 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue: 
[Currency]  
[Amount borrowing limit]  
 
 
Borrowing Amount [●] tranche: 
[Currency]   
 [Amount [●] tranche]  
 
 
  
Denomination – Each bond: 
[Currency] 
[Amount denomination] - each and ranking pari 
passu among themselves 
 
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 13.1. 
 
 
Publication: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.2. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue price] % 
 
 
Disbursement Date/Issue Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue date] 
 
 
Maturity Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from and Including: 
[Issue date 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Bearing To: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating rate: [NIBOR] [3 / 6 / 12] months  
 
[description of Reference Rate] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [Relevant Screen Page] 
 
Specified time: [specified time] 
 
Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the 
Reference Rate is available at [Relevant Screen Page / other: (specify)] 
 
Fallback provisions: [Provisions] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]

--- Page 51 ---
Scatec ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
11  
 
/ Fixed Rate: N/A] 
 
 
Margin: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating Rate: [Margin] % p.a. 
 
/ Fixed Interest: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
[Bond issue with floating rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Reference Rate + Margin] % p.a. 
 
Current Interest Rate: [current interest rate] 
 
/ Bond Issue with fixed rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Interest rate] % p.a. 
 
 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
/ Fixed Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction – Secondary 
Market: 
[Floating Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.1.a 
/ Fixed Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.2.a  
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
Interest Rate Determination Date: [Interest Rate Determination Date(s)] 
each year.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate Adjustment Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A] 
 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.5.1 (FRN) / section 13.5.2 (fixed rate) 
 
Interest Payment Date: [Date(s)] each year.  
 
The first Interest Payment Date is [Date].  
 
 
#Days first term: 
[Number of interest days] days 
 
 
Yield: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Yield is [yield]  
 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Amortisation and Redemption: 
 
Redemption: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and as specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.3, 13.5.1.b and 13.5.2.b. 
 
The Maturity Date is [maturity date] 
 
 
Call Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the call option]

--- Page 52 ---
Scatec ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
12  
 
Call Date(s): [call date(s)] 
 
Call Price(s): [call price(s)] 
 
Call Notice Period: [call notice period] 
 
Put Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the put option] 
 
 
Early redemption option due to a tax 
event: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the early redemption option] 
 
 
 
Obligations: 
 
Issuer’s special obligations during the 
term of the Bond Issue: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.6. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing of the Bond Issue/Marketplace: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Exchange for listing of the Bonds: [Exchange] 
 
/ The Bonds will not be applied for listing on any Exchange. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities: 
 
As specified in the Base prospectus section 13.4.10. 
 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities: [specify] 
 
 
Purpose/Use of proceeds: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.1. 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: [specify] 
 
Use of proceeds: [specify] 
 
External party 
Cost 
The Norwegian FSA 
NOK [•] 
The stock exchange 
NOK [•] 
The Bond Trustee 
NOK [•] (annual fee) 
The Joint Lead Managers 
NOK [•] 
 
[Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Prospectus and Listing fees: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Listing fees: [specify] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Market-making: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[A market-making agreement has been entered into between the Issuer 
and [name of market maker]] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Approvals: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.9. 
 
Date of the Board of Directors’ approval: [date]

--- Page 53 ---
Scatec ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
13  
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.7.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with 
the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms and any other 
Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or 
formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, 
the Issuer or any other party. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Status and security: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.6.  
 
Status and security of the securities: [specify] 
 
 
Bondholders’ meeting/ 
Voting rights: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Availability of the Documentation: 
www.scatec.com    
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
[name of joint lead managers] as [type of manager] 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
Paying Agent: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Paying Agent is [name of the Paying Agent] 
 
 
Securities Depository / CSD: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
 
Listing fees: 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including template for Final 
Terms is NOK 108,000. 
 
[Listing and other fees at the Exchange: (specify)  
 
/ No listing: N/A]

--- Page 54 ---
Scatec ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
14  
3 Additional information 
Advisor 
The Issuer has mandated [name of joint lead managers] as [type of manager] for the issuance of the Loan. The 
[type of manager] [has/have] acted as advisor[s] to the Issuer in relation to the pricing of the Loan. 
 
The [type of manager] will be able to hold position in the Loan.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issuer or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests that are 
material to the Bond Issue. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Rating 
[There is no official rating of the Loan. 
 
The Issuer is rated as follows: 
Standard & Poor’s: [•] 
Moody’s: [•] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
Listing of the Loan: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
The Prospectus will be published in [country]. An application for listing at [Exchange] will be sent as soon as 
possible after the Issue Date. Each bond is negotiable. 
 
Statement from the [type of manager]: 
[name of joint lead managers] have assisted the Issuer in preparing the prospectus. The [type of manager] have 
not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made, and the [type of manager] expressively disclaim[s] any legal or financial liability as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with bonds issued by the Issuer or their distribution. The statements made in this paragraph are 
without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer. Each person receiving this prospectus acknowledges that 
such person has not relied on the [type of manager] nor on any person affiliated with them in connection with its 
investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
 
[place], [date] 
 
 
[name of joint lead managers] 
[web address of joint lead managers]