--- Page 1 ---
1 
Base Prospectus dated March 30, 2022 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Art. 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of June 14, 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation") relating to issues of non-equity securities ("Non-Equity Securities") within the 
meaning of Art. 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation under the Programme (as defined below) by Schaeffler AG. 
 
SCHAEFFLER AG 
(incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany as a stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft)) 
EUR 7,500,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
Under this base prospectus (together with any documents incorporated by reference herein, the "Base Prospectus"), Schaeffler AG (the 
"Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue unsubordinated bearer 
notes in a minimum denomination of EUR 1,000 per Note (together the "Notes"). The aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under 
the Debt Issuance Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the "Programme") outstanding will not at any time exceed 
EUR 7,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies).  
The principal amount of the Notes, the issue currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, the issue prices and maturities of the 
Notes and all other terms and conditions which are applicable to a particular Series and, if applicable, Tranche of Notes (each term as 
defined below, see "General description of the Programme") will be set out in the document containing the final terms (each "Final 
Terms") within the meaning of Art. 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and gives no undertakings as to the economic and financial 
soundness of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Art. 6(4) of the Luxembourg act relating 
to prospectuses for securities (loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) dated July 16, 2019 (the "Luxembourg Prospectus 
Law"). Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. The CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction or the quality or solvency 
of the Issuer. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent authorities in the Federal Republic of Germany ("Germany") and The 
Netherlands with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional host member states within the European 
Economic Area with such notification. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market "Bourse de Luxembourg". The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). However, Notes may be listed on any other stock 
exchange or may be unlisted as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form together with all documents 
incorporated by reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). This Base Prospectus is valid for a period 
of twelve months after its approval. The validity ends upon expiration of March 30, 2023.  
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does 
not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the Notes in any jurisdiction where such 
offer or solicitation is unlawful. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and 
subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and 
that they consider the suitability of the Notes as an investment in light of their own circumstances and financial condition. Investing in the 
Notes involves certain risks. Please review the section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on page 9 of this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger 
Commerzbank 
Dealers 
BayernLB 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank 
Helaba 
HSBC 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Mizuho Securities 
MUFG 
Santander Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
 
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Schaeffler, AG ("Schaeffler AG", or the "Issuer", together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "Schaeffler Group" or the 
"Group") with its registered office in Herzogenaurach, Germany accepts responsibility for the information contained in and 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and for the information which will be contained in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge the information contained in this Base Prospectus for which it is 
responsible is in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
The Issuer also accepts responsibility for the content of this Base Prospectus with respect to the subsequent resale or final 
placement of Notes by any financial intermediary which was given consent to use this Base Prospectus as further specified in 
the section "General Information – Consent to the use of the Prospectus" and the relevant Final Terms. 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any other documents 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). Full information on the Issuer and any 
Tranche of Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of the Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the 
relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained in this Base 
Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the Arranger or any Dealer (as defined in "General Description of 
the Programme").  
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, is 
responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any supplement thereto, or any Final Terms or any other 
document incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained 
in any of these documents. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create 
any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Arranger 
and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes will be issued in 
bearer form and are subject to certain U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person. The term "U.S. person" has the 
meaning ascribed to it in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") and the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended (the "Code") and regulations thereunder. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-
U.S. persons pursuant to Regulation S and may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. person. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription 
and Sale - Selling Restrictions". 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or 
solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe 
for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any Dealer that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of 
the Issuer.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
The language of the Base Prospectus except for the form of terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") 
is English. The binding language of the terms and conditions of each Series of Notes will be specified in the respective Final 
Terms. 
The information on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinized or approved by the CSSF unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.  
GREEN BONDS 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to apply an amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds from the offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote environmental 
purposes ("Eligible Green Projects"). The Issuer has established a framework for such issuances which further specifies the 
eligibility criteria for such Eligible Green Projects (the "Green Finance Framework") based on the recommendations 
included in the voluntary process guidelines for issuing green bonds published by the International Capital Market Association 
("ICMA") (the "ICMA Green Bond Principles").  
Pursuant to the recommendation in the ICMA Green Bond Principles that external assurance is obtained to confirm alignment 
with the key features of the ICMA Green Bond Principles, at the request of the Issuer, the advisory and rating provider 
Sustainalytics ("Sustainalytics") has issued a second party opinion dated February 2020 (the "Sustainalytics Opinion") in 
relation to the Issuer's Green Finance Framework.  
Neither the Green Finance Framework nor the Sustainalytics Opinion are incorporated into or forms part of this Base 
Prospectus. None of the Dealers, the Arranger, any of their respective affiliates or any other person mentioned in the Base 
Prospectus makes any representation as to the suitability of such Notes to fulfil environmental and/or sustainability criteria 
required by any prospective investors. The Dealers and the Arranger have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any 
assessment of the Green Finance Framework or the Eligible Green Projects, any verification of whether any Eligible Green 
Project meets the criteria set out in the Green Finance Framework or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is 
a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is

--- Page 4 ---
4 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Where such a Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors is included in the Final Terms, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
UK PRIIPS REGULATION / UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means 
a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Where such a Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors is included in the Final Terms, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE 
(THE "SFA") 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall 
be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, 
as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are 
permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, 
the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada 
may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any supplement hereto 
and/or any Final Terms) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by 
the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser 
should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal advisor.  
BENCHMARK REGULATION / STATEMENT IN RELATION TO ADMINISTRATOR'S REGISTRATION 
Interest amounts payable under floating rate notes issued under this Programme are calculated by reference to EURIBOR 
(Euro Interbank Offered Rate) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI). As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016, as amended (the "Benchmark Regulation"). 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as stabilising 
manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf of a stabilising manager) may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public

--- Page 5 ---
5 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
stabilising manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any stabilising manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that does not 
relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet 
determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as 
"anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms 
and phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Base Prospectus containing 
information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding the Group's business and management, its growth 
and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuer makes to 
the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which 
could cause actual results, including the Group's financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be 
worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. The 
Group's business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate 
or prediction in this Base Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the following 
sections of this Base Prospectus: "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer and the Schaeffler Group". These sections 
include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on the Group's business and the markets in which it 
operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Base Prospectus may not occur. In addition, 
neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward-looking statement 
or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments. 
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 
Certain information in this Base Prospectus and financial measures presented in the documents incorporated by reference are 
not recognised financial measures under International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union 
("IFRS") (the "Performance Indicators") and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to the financial measures 
defined in the accounting standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Performance Indicators 
are intended to supplement investors' understanding of Schaeffler Group financial information by providing measures which 
investors, financial analysts and management use to help evaluate the Schaeffler Group operating performance. Definitions of 
these Performance Indicators may not be comparable to similar definitions used by other companies and are not a substitute 
for similar measures according to IFRS. 
The Performance Indicators must be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, financial 
information prepared in accordance with IFRS and, where applicable, German commercial law and German Accounting 
Standards (GAS) included elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
Please refer to "Description of the Issuer and Schaeffler Group - Performance Indicators" for additional information.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................... 7 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................... 9 
ISSUE PROCEDURES ........................................................................................................................................ 30 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 32 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................................. 88 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE SCHAEFFLER GROUP .......................................................... 111 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 136 
TAXATION WARNING ................................................................................................................................... 137 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 138 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 142 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................................... 144

--- Page 7 ---
7 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
General 
Under the Programme, Schaeffler AG, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time 
to time issue notes (the "Notes") to one or more of the following Dealers: Banco Santander, S.A., Bayerische Landesbank, 
BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Deutsche 
Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., J.P. Morgan SE, Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen 
Girozentrale, Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V., UniCredit Bank AG and any additional 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer which appointment may be for a specific issue or on 
an ongoing basis (together, the "Dealers"). 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft acts as arranger in respect of the Programme (the "Arranger"). 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft acts as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent") and paying agent (the "Paying Agent"). 
The aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed 
EUR 7,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) (the "Programme Amount"). The Issuer may increase the 
Programme Amount in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined herein) from time to time. 
Prospectus 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (1) pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms; or 
(2) pursuant to a Specific Prospectus (as defined below); or (3) in relation to Notes not publicly offered in, and not admitted 
to trading on a regulated market of, any member state of the EEA, in such form as agreed between the Issuer, the relevant 
Dealer(s) and, if relevant for the Fiscal Agent, the Fiscal Agent. 
"Specific Prospectus" means any prospectus prepared by the Issuer in relation to Notes issued under the Programme and 
having terms not contemplated by the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II, which may incorporate by reference certain 
parts of the Base Prospectus and which constitutes a prospectus for the purposes of Article 6 para. 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, including any documents which are from time to time incorporated by reference in the Specific Prospectus, as 
such Specific Prospectus is amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
Issues of Notes 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. 
The Notes issued under this Base Prospectus will be issued as fixed rate notes (the "Fixed Rate Notes"), non-interest bearing 
notes (the "Non-interest Bearing Notes") or floating rate notes (the "Floating Rate Notes"). 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all 
other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with the relevant Terms and Conditions and, save 
in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest (if any) and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical 
to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final terms. 
Notes of any Tranche may be issued at a price (the "Issue Price") equal to their principal amount or at a discount or premium 
to their principal amount. The Issue Price for the Notes of any Tranche issued on a syndicated basis will be determined at the 
time of pricing on the basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received 
by the Dealers during the placement of such Notes. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or 
above such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine the Issue Price. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any 
currency other than euro, an amount in such other currency at least equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, Notes may be issued in 
euro or any other currency. 
Notes will be issued with such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by any laws, regulations and directives 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant currency. However, Notes will be issued with a minimum maturity of twelve months 
or more.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
The principal amount of the Notes, the currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, if any, the Issue Price and 
maturities of the Notes which are applicable to a particular Series and, if applicable, Tranche will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The yield for Fixed Rate Notes and Non-interest Bearing Notes will be calculated by the use of the ICMA method, which 
determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest (if any) on a daily basis. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global note (each a "Temporary Global Note"). Interests 
in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interest in a permanent global note (each a 
"Permanent Global Note") on or after the date 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the relevant 
issue date (the "Exchange Date"), upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  
The Notes will be freely transferable in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant Clearing System. 
Distribution of Notes 
Notes may be distributed by way of public offer or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. The Notes may be offered to 
qualified and non-qualified investors. 
The Notes may be offered to the public in Luxembourg, Germany and The Netherlands. For this purpose, the Issuer has 
requested the CSSF to provide the competent authorities in Germany and The Netherlands with a certificate of approval 
attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may request 
the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional host member states within the EEA with such notification. 
The offer and distribution of any Notes of any Tranche will be subject to selling restrictions, including those for the United 
States, the EEA and the UK. See section "Subscription and Sale" below. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" and/or "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II and/or 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
Listing of Notes and Admission to Trading 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg", appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European 
Commission. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market included on the list of regulated 
markets published by ESMA for the purposes of MiFID II. However, Notes may be listed on any other stock exchange, subject 
to the notification of the Base Prospectus in accordance with Art. 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, or may be unlisted as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
RISK FACTORS 
Before deciding to purchase Notes issued under the Programme, investors should carefully review and consider the following 
risk factors and the other information contained in this Base Prospectus. Should one or more of the risks described below 
materialize, this may have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, shareholders' equity, assets, financial position 
and results of operations (Vermögens-, Finanz- und Ertragslage) or general affairs of Schaeffler AG or the Schaeffler Group. 
Moreover, if any of these risks occur, the market value of Notes issued under the Programme and the likelihood that the Issuer 
will be in a position to fulfil its payment obligations under Notes issued under the Programme may decrease, in which case 
the holders of Notes (the "Noteholders") issued under the Programme could lose all or part of their investments. Factors 
which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under 
the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with Notes issued 
under the Programme for other unknown reasons than those described below. Additional risks of which the Issuer is not 
presently aware could also affect the business operations of Schaeffler AG or the Schaeffler Group and have a material adverse 
effect on their business activities, financial condition and results of operations. Prospective investors should read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The following risk factors are organized in categories depending on their respective nature. In each category the most material 
risk factors, based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact, are mentioned 
first. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND SCHAEFFLER GROUP 
Risks related to Schaeffler Group's Industries 
As a global supplier to the automotive and industrial sector, Schaeffler Group depends on the performance of the global 
economy in general and developments in its markets in Europe, the United States of America and China in particular. The 
global economy is affected by a number of adverse developments, in particular the Russia-Ukraine war and the outbreak 
of the COVID-19 pandemic which have significantly increased the risk of a severe recession. 
Schaeffler Group is a global supplier to the automotive and industrial sectors operating in 50 countries, with revenue of 
EUR 13,852 million in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. Demand for its products is directly linked to the performance 
of the global economy. Therefore, its revenue and profits have directly been influenced, and will continue to be influenced by 
the general state of the global economy. In recent years, several adverse developments affecting the global economy have led 
to higher market volatility and growing fears of a coming recession. Especially the persistent uncertainty regarding the future 
development of the Chinese market and the political environment in Europe could continue to jeopardize market growth. 
Schaeffler Group’s business is subject to risks from international conflicts, such as the Russia-Ukraine war, and other 
geopolitical tensions and uncertainties. The Russia-Ukraine war in particular has a significant impact on the economic 
environment and the business of the Group and its customers. While Schaeffler Group’s direct exposure to Russia and Ukraine 
has been relatively limited, the military actions between Russia and Ukraine and the related rapidly evolving and increasingly 
severe economic sanctions and export controls imposed on Russia and certain Russian companies and individuals as well as 
related countermeasures and any additional countermeasures that could be adopted by the governments of Russia or other 
jurisdictions, have severely restricted the level of economic activity in those countries. It also led to increased volatility and 
uncertainty in the global financial markets, disrupted supply chains, resulted in significant increases in the prices of many raw 
materials and energy and adversely affected the operations of many of the Group’s customers.  
A number of companies, including some of the Group’s customers, have announced plans to divest interests or otherwise 
curtail business dealings in Russia and/or with Russian businesses, or have been required to halt, reduce or delay production 
due to the unavailability of raw materials or components, such as cable harnesses, which adversely affects those customers’ 
demands for Schaeffler Group’s products. The ramifications of the Russia-Ukraine war, sanctions and export controls, may 
not be limited to Russia, Ukraine and Russian and Ukrainian companies, but may negatively impact other regional and global 
economic markets (including Europe and the U.S.), companies in other countries (particularly those that have done business 
with Russia and Ukraine), various sectors, industries, securities markets and commodities globally (such as oil, natural gas, 
engineering, metals and mining), global supply chains, inflation and growth in gross domestic product.  
In addition, Russia has taken and may take additional retaliatory actions and other countermeasures, including restricting gas 
exports, seizure of the assets of U.S. and European companies and persons, cyberattacks and espionage against other countries

--- Page 10 ---
10 
and companies, or undertaking or provoking other military conflict elsewhere, any of which may negatively impact the Group’s 
customers and the countries in which Schaeffler Group operates. While, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer 
cannot currently reliably predict the direct or indirect impact that the current Russian military activities in Ukraine or any 
related international sanctions may have on its business, any of the factors described above could adversely affect Schaeffler 
Group's operations, revenue and profitability. 
In addition, pandemics, such as the outbreak of SARS-CoV-2 first identified in December 2019 and its associated disease 
("COVID-19"), are further on likely to have a material adverse effect on the global economy and international financial 
markets in general and on the markets in which the Schaeffler Group operates. While many geographies eased restrictions 
during the first quarter of 2022, resurgences of COVID-19 or variants of COVID-19 could result in the re-imposition of social 
distancing measures, shelter-in-place orders, quarantines or shutdowns, all of which may prolong the amount of time required 
for the normalization of global economic conditions. 
In response to the outbreak of COVID-19, governments, states and cities, including those in major economies such as the 
European Union, the United States of America (the "United States") and the People's Republic of China ("China"), have 
taken various preventative measures, such as imposing quarantine, restrictions on travel and business operations, prolonged 
closures of workplaces, curfews or other social distancing measures, and may continue to do so going forward.  
A renewed escalation of the coronavirus pandemic could require drastic and comprehensive containment measures and heavily 
hamper the economic recovery achieved so far as well as international trade. The future implications and duration of the 
coronavirus pandemic still cannot be predicted, especially if preventive measures available are found to be insufficiently 
effective. The resulting market uncertainty could result in unforeseen fluctuations in customer demand. Additionally, 
unforeseeable lockdown measures may be imposed on suppliers, customers, or operating facilities of the Group.  
The extent of the future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic will depend on future developments, including the duration and 
severity of the pandemic and the actions and policies to contain the disease or treat its impact (including the availability, 
distribution and efficacy of vaccines), the emergence and impact of variants of COVID-19, related restrictions on travel, and 
the duration, timing and severity of the impact on global economic conditions, including any recession resulting from the 
pandemic, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
The COVID-19 pandemic and its aftermath has impacted the Group’s suppliers and could continue to impact its suppliers 
and/or their financial stability and cause them to fail to provide the required quantities of raw materials and components when 
needed. In addition, supply shortages have impacted Schaeffler Group’s customers, in particular, semiconductor shortages 
have led to lower levels of light vehicle production, which indirectly impacted and continues to impact the Group’s sales 
volumes. 
As a result of its dependency on the state of the global economy, Schaeffler Group's business may be materially adversely 
affected if the Russia-Ukraine war, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and/or other negative developments affecting its markets 
have a negative impact on the global economy or even result in a severe recession. Any of the factors described above could 
therefore adversely affect Schaeffler Group's revenue and profitability. 
The industries in which Schaeffler Group operates are constantly changing and the Schaeffler Group may not be able to 
successfully adapt to such changes in a timely manner. 
The automotive and industrial sectors are characterized by changing technologies, evolving technical standards, changes in 
customer preferences and the frequent introduction of new products. As a result, the Schaeffler Group may not be able to 
maintain its competitive position if it fails to adapt its business to these ongoing changes. In particular, there is growing demand 
for more efficient, environmentally friendly, sustainable and cheaper solutions which at the same time offer high performance. 
New technologies and products meeting these requirements will often make existing product offerings obsolete or 
unmarketable. For example, automotive manufacturers are continuing to advance the development of electric cars, which may 
reduce demand for the Group's powertrain and other products for vehicles using a combustion engine. Electric cars may utilize 
new powertrains that do not require the Group's products or make use of such products to a lesser extent than conventional 
powertrains. The continued increase in the market share of electric vehicles as well as initiatives aimed at reducing the market 
share of combustion-engines, in particular diesel-driven engines, may therefore have an adverse effect on demand for its 
products. In recent years, the development of autonomous driving solutions has been a key focus of automotive manufacturers. 
Such solutions require increasingly complex steering systems and other advanced components, and there is no guarantee that 
the Group will be able to adopt the product offering to provide suitable components and services for autonomous driving 
solutions. 
Schaeffler Group's product offering comprises components which are subsequently integrated into the finished products 
marketed by its customers or – in particular in the case of original equipment manufacturers ("OEM") – components provided 
to third parties by the Group's customers. As a result, demand for the Group's products depends on their inclusion as

--- Page 11 ---
11 
components in the product offerings of third parties, which in turn are constantly subject to updates and changes resulting from 
new innovations (e.g. autonomous driving and connectivity) and regulations. In particular, Schaeffler Group's customers 
increasingly require systemic solutions instead of individual components and seek to offer their own customers similar 
solutions. Such systemic solutions may require fewer components or a smaller proportion of the value of such solutions may 
be based on products manufactured in-house as the Group increasingly sources components from third parties to combine them 
into systemic solutions. As a result, Schaeffler Group may no longer be able to obtain the benefits from running a vertically 
integrated business and the margins the Group can derive from systemic solutions may be lower as a growing share of the 
value creation will be attributable to the Group's suppliers. In addition, if the overall budgets for cars or other finished products 
manufactured by the Group's own customers does not increase, the introduction of advanced technologies and additional 
features will reduce the share of the budget the Group's customers are willing to spend on the existing product offering of the 
Group. Consequently, technological advancements in the Group's industries may result in significant pressure on the margins 
of the Group and thereby adversely affect the revenue and profitability of the Group. 
Furthermore, the Industrial division is confronted with technological changes in wind power gearbox applications that could 
lead to an increasing shift away from conventional rolling bearing solutions and a resulting decline in revenue. Should the 
Group not achieve its explicit objective of developing a new competitive technology, this could adversely affect the Schaeffler 
Group’s net assets, financial position, and earnings. 
Innovations are not only affecting demand for the Group's products, but also its own business operations. In particular, the 
ongoing trend towards digitalization leads to a growing use of automatization, connectivity and real-time monitoring in the 
Group's manufacturing processes. As a result, these processes become more complex and therefore more costly and susceptible 
to interruptions and failures. At the same time, adapting the Group's operations requires substantial investments and there is 
no guarantee that such investments will ultimately pay off. The Schaeffler Group´s profitability can also be adversely affected 
by ramp-up costs (i.e. temporary inefficiencies like high scrap rates, underutilization of recently installed machinery sub-
optimal production processes). 
If Schaeffler Group fails to successfully adapt its operations and product offering to the evolving demands of its customers, its 
existing products and technologies may become obsolete or be replaced by products and technologies of competitors that are 
perceived as better solutions and it may not be able to offer competitive prices. As a result, Schaeffler Group's competitive 
position may suffer, which could adversely affect its revenue and profitability.  
Demand for Schaeffler Group's products is cyclical, and this makes it hard for the Group to correctly forecast such demand. 
Demand for Schaeffler Group's products is cyclical in all three of its business divisions, which makes accurate forecasts of 
such demand difficult.  
Sales to customers in the Automotive Technologies Division, which supplies OEMs in the automotive industry and accounted 
for 60.9% of the Group's revenue in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, are particularly cyclical, given that demand for 
new vehicles depends on a wide range of general economic conditions as well as consumer spending and preferences. 
Consequently, the volume of automotive production has historically been, and will continue to be, characterized by a high 
level of fluctuation, and OEM customers generally do not commit to purchasing minimum quantities, all of which makes it 
difficult for the Group to accurately predict demand in its Automotive Technologies Division. Demand for automotive products 
can also be affected by various external factors. For example, the global semiconductor shortage has significantly impaired 
the production of automobiles, particularly in the second half of 2021, which has also had a significant negative impact on 
demand for the Group’s products, and the Russia-Ukraine war could further negatively impact the supply of certain critical 
materials and metals, such as neon gas and palladium, which are used in semiconductor manufacturing, and platinum and other 
metals used in automobile production, which could again impair the production of automobiles and have a significant impact 
on demand for Schaeffler Group’s products. 
Schaeffler Group's Automotive Aftermarket Division, which delivers components and complete repair solutions to the 
automotive spare parts market and accounted for 13.3% of the Group's revenue in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, 
also depends on sales in the cyclical automotive market, although the aftermarket typically develops with a slight timing delay 
as new vehicles require only a few spare parts. At the same time, the average useful life of parts, particularly in the end products 
of OEMs, has increased in recent years due to innovations in products and technologies. Longer product lives generally lead 
to less-frequent replacement of parts over the lifespan of the equipment, which in turn reduces aftermarket demand and may 
therefore adversely affect Schaeffler Group's Automotive Aftermarket Division. Stockpiling in the dealer and distribution 
network may result in lower customer demands and also an increase in the unemployment rate could adversely affect demand 
for spare parts and therefore adversely affect Schaeffler Group's revenue and profitability. 
Sales in Schaeffler Group's Industrial Division, which supplies a broad range of industrial sectors and accounted for 25.8% of 
the Group's revenue in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, depend on the development of the industrial production in

--- Page 12 ---
12 
these sectors. Industrial production, in turn, is strongly influenced by the overall economic development, which is hard to 
predict reliably. Given the large number of different products offered by its Industrial Division, anticipating future sales 
requires Schaeffler Group to forecast the development of a number of varied industries, which is particularly challenging. 
Adjusting the Group's production levels to cyclical demand is particularly challenging. These difficulties are exacerbated by 
the complexity of its global operations, which require Schaeffler Group to allocate resources across multiple countries to 
achieve a global footprint that reflects the evolving demands of its customers, many of which are also global businesses. 
Schaeffler Group's business is characterized by high fixed costs, and the Group risks underutilization of its facilities if the 
markets in which it operates decline. Any underutilization resulting therefrom could lead to idle capacity costs, write-offs of 
inventories and losses on products due to falling average sale prices, which may adversely affect Schaeffler Group's revenue 
and profitability. At the same time, demand for its products may grow faster than anticipated. If the Group fails to maintain 
sufficient production capacities, it may not be able to meet such demand and thus may lose market share. Attempts to react to 
such inaccurate forecasts by increasing or reducing its capacity at short notice may cause the Group to incur additional costs 
(e.g., severance payments, overtime surcharges or logistics costs). As a result, any failure to correctly forecast demand for the 
Group's products may adversely affect its profitability and/or competitive position. 
The industries in which Schaeffler Group operates are characterized by intense competition, which could reduce its revenue 
and put continued pressure on its prices. 
The markets in which Schaeffler Group operates are particularly competitive and have been characterized by changes in market 
shares, increased price competition as well as the development and introduction of new products and technologies by existing 
and new competitors. The Group competes with other suppliers primarily on the basis of price, quality, timeliness of delivery 
and design as well as the ability to provide engineering support and services on a global basis. If Schaeffler Group fails to 
secure the quality of its products and the reliability of its supply and services, its customers may decide to procure products 
from its competitors. 
In general, Schaeffler Group's business is characterized by high capital expenditures, technological change, continuous 
advancements in process technologies and manufacturing facilities, intense pricing pressure and periods of oversupply. The 
end customers for its products are increasingly affected by innovation and cost-cutting pressures from competitors and seek 
price reductions in both the initial bidding process and during the term, or upon expiration, of an existing supply agreement. 
These developments are likely to become more pronounced if a general recession puts added pressure on all market participants 
or new competitors decide to enter the Group's markets, in particular competitors whose business is built on innovative 
technologies. In addition, mergers of the Group's competitors may strengthen their competitive position, which could put the 
Group at a disadvantage. 
In its Automotive Technologies Division, vehicle manufacturers expect lower prices from suppliers for the same, and in some 
cases even enhanced, functionality, as well as a consistently high product quality. If Schaeffler Group is not able to offset price 
reductions through improved operating efficiencies and the realization of synergies, price reductions could adversely affect its 
profit margins. In addition, OEMs are increasingly reducing the number of suppliers included in their supplier base in order to 
simplify their supply chain. These efforts further increase competition, and there is no guarantee that its customers will continue 
to include the Group in their supplier base (see also " Schaeffler Group depends on a limited number of major customers for a 
substantial portion of its revenues and adverse developments with respect to such major customers as well as pricing pressure 
exerted by them could adversely affect the Group's revenue and profit margins."). 
In the Group's Automotive Aftermarket Division, the market is characterized by an ongoing consolidation process. If 
Schaeffler Group does not actively participate in this process, it may be faced with larger competitors who benefit from 
economies of scale and provide a more comprehensive product offering, which could adversely affect its prices and market 
position.  
The Group's Industrial Division, inter alia, faces competition from suppliers based in emerging markets, which increases 
pressure on market prices. In certain industries, customers increasingly prefer standardized products over customer specific 
solutions, and this trend benefits competitors from emerging markets. 
The intense competition in the Group's industries and in particular the factors described above could adversely affect Schaeffler 
Group's revenue and profitability.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Risks related to Schaeffler Group's Business Activities 
Schaeffler Group depends on a limited number of major customers for a substantial portion of its revenues and adverse 
developments with respect to such major customers as well as pricing pressure exerted by them could adversely affect the 
Group's revenue and profit margins. 
Many of the Group's customers are large OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers (i.e., suppliers that sell their products directly to OEMs). 
In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Automotive Technologies Division's top ten customers accounted for 62.6% 
of the division's revenue, with its biggest customer, Volkswagen, accounting for 14.2%. In its Automotive Aftermarket and 
Industrial Divisions, the top ten customers accounted for 30.3% and 20.9%, respectively, of revenue during this period. There 
is an ongoing trend towards consolidation among its customers, in particular in the automotive aftermarket sector. If the 
Group's major customers were to merge or otherwise combine their businesses, it would be faced with even larger customers 
who would account for an even higher share of its revenues, thereby further increasing its dependency on these customers. 
Furthermore, such mergers could interfere with existing supply relationships and joint projects, information sharing and other 
agreements. These customers would also obtain additional information on contract terms, in particular pricing, which could 
lead to increased pressure on the Group's margins. 
The timing and amount of sales to the Group's major customers ultimately depend on a number of factors, most of which are 
beyond its control (i.e., sales levels and shipping schedules for the customer's products into which its products are 
incorporated). Consequently, Schaeffler Group cannot be certain to what extent its customers will continue to manufacture 
goods that incorporate its products. Schaeffler Group's major customers, in turn, could themselves be adversely affected by a 
number of developments, including loss of market share, plant shutdowns, strikes or other work stoppages. 
In the last two years governments, states and cities have taken various preventative measures, such as imposing restrictions on 
travel and business operations, and may continue to do so going forward in order to combat the further spread of COVID-19. 
As a result of these measures as well as a temporary decline in demand, in particular in the automotive sector, several of the 
Group's major customers temporarily shut down their facilities, which in turn caused them to suspend orders for components. 
Due to these developments, Schaeffler Group was also forced to temporarily shut down production of the affected components, 
resulting in underutilization of its facilities and loss of revenue. 
In the automotive industry, a number of multinational automotive manufacturers were accused of programming vehicles with 
diesel engines to restrict emissions during testing to pass applicable emissions requirements in recent years. These customers 
have been subject to negative press coverage, criminal investigations or civil actions in multiple jurisdictions, in some cases 
leading to product recalls and substantial fines. As a result of these developments, demand for diesel vehicles and for the 
Group's products included in these vehicles has been adversely affected.  
Furthermore, Schaeffler Group's major customers have substantial bargaining power with respect to price and other 
commercial terms (e.g., the setting of prices and payment targets). Most OEM customers, for example, agree on recurring 
price-reduction initiatives and objectives with their suppliers. Such agreements force the Group to constantly improve its 
production process in order to reduce costs, in particular since the Group may not be able to pass price reductions on to its own 
suppliers. If Schaeffler Group is not successful in these efforts, this could adversely affect its profit margins. Even if it can 
maintain a sufficient price level, key customers may require longer payment targets, which could adversely affect its liquidity. 
As a result, Schaeffler Group may be forced to take on additional financing until it can realize trade receivables vis-à-vis such 
customers, which may be hard to obtain and increase its financing costs. In addition, if any of the Group's major customers 
were to discontinue the business relationship with it or terminate a supply contract prematurely, this could have a material 
adverse effect on its revenue, and any investments made by it to provide products to this customer could be lost. 
Fluctuations in prices of raw materials and energy may lead to higher production and manufacturing costs. 
Schaeffler Group requires substantial amounts of raw materials for its production. Costs for purchases of production materials, 
in particular steel, aluminium, copper, plastics and lubricants as well as electric energy, account for a large share of its total 
production costs. Steel is the principal raw material used in many of its products. Price increases for raw materials (e.g., due 
to increased restrictions and tariffs on steel imports or impacts on transnational trade as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic) 
as well as the energy used in the manufacturing process (e.g., due to the ongoing drive towards green energy and lower 
emissions) could increase the Group's manufacturing costs.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, a number of factors, including strong demand in particular, have led to massive price 
increases for all input materials significant to the Schaeffler Group, with some prices reaching new historic highs. As of 
December 31, 2021, nearly all end-of-year prices were higher than as at the beginning of the year 2021 and on an annual 
average basis, all input materials significant to the Schaeffler Group were massively more expensive.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
In addition, the Russia-Ukraine war and the related economic sanctions and export controls are expected to exacerbate the 
rising inflation trend, further increase energy and raw material prices and negatively impact global supply chains. For example, 
as a result of the Russia-Ukraine war, oil prices have recently reached multi-year highs. In the event that Russia stops the 
export of energy to the EU, emergency measures may be implemented to conserve energy, which could include shutting down 
non-critical industries or rationing energy supply, and we could be required to reduce the Group’s energy use by, for example, 
reducing or stopping production at one or more of Schaeffler Group’s production locations in the EU. 
If Schaeffler Group is not able to compensate for cost increases or pass them on to customers, such costs increase could 
adversely affect its profitability.  
Conversely, during periods of declining raw material or energy prices, customers may demand price reductions for its products, 
despite the fact that the Group may be using existing inventories that it purchased at higher prices. As a result, the Group may 
decide to lower its prices, even if this were to reduce its margins. 
Any of the factors described above could adversely affect Schaeffler Group's competitive position and profitability. 
Schaeffler Group's efforts to expand its presence in emerging markets are subject to a variety of business, economic, legal 
and political risks, the materialization of which could adversely affect its expansion efforts. 
Schaeffler Group has dedicated significant resources to enhance its local presence in emerging markets and it intends to 
continue to pursue this growth strategy, particularly in the Greater China and Asia/Pacific regions. There is, however, no 
guarantee that such emerging markets and the operations of its customers in these emerging markets will develop as 
anticipated. As a result, the Group's efforts to expand its presence in emerging markets may fail. 
Furthermore, operating in emerging markets, such as China, India, Russia and Vietnam, exposes the Group to higher risks 
compared to operating in developed countries, including risks resulting from: 
• 
an underdeveloped infrastructure; 
• 
a lack of qualified management or adequately trained personnel; 
• 
divergent labour regulations or cultural expectations regarding employment; 
• 
currency exchange controls, exchange rate fluctuations and devaluations; 
• 
governmental restrictions on foreign investments or transfers of funds; 
• 
protectionist trade measures, such as anti-dumping measures, duties, tariffs or embargoes; 
• 
prohibitions or restrictions on acquisitions or joint ventures; 
• 
opaque legal regimes and unpredictable or unlawful government actions; 
• 
the difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems; 
• 
lower protection of intellectual property and other legal rights; 
• 
business environments in which fraud, bribery or corruption are common, condoned or encouraged by private or 
official actors; 
• 
a nationalization of enterprises or other expropriations;  
• 
international sanctions or boycotts; 
• 
social unrest, civil war or acts of sabotage or terrorism; and 
• 
the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 
Any of the risks described above could adversely affect Schaeffler Group's business activities in the relevant markets, which 
could in turn adversely affect Schaeffler Group's revenue and profitability. In addition, investments made in the relevant 
markets could not result in the anticipated returns or could be lost entirely. 
Schaeffler Group may not be able to successfully integrate or achieve expected benefits from acquisitions, investments or 
joint ventures. 
To expand its market position, Schaeffler Group has acquired complementary businesses such recently Bega International 
B.V., Melior Motion GmbH or the share in Schaeffler Paravan Technologies GmbH & Co KG. Schaeffler Group expects to 
continue to invest in businesses or otherwise capitalize on attractive growth opportunities. Such acquisitions and investments

--- Page 15 ---
15 
may, however, require substantial funds, cause the Group to incur additional debt or to assume loss-making businesses. In 
addition, acquisitions involve a number of risks, including: 
• 
significant impairment charges; 
• 
unexpected losses of key employees of the acquired operations; 
• 
extraordinary or unexpected legal, regulatory, contractual or other costs; 
• 
difficulties in integrating the acquired business with its existing operations; 
• 
challenges in managing the increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of the Group's operations; 
• 
mitigating contingent and/or assumed liabilities; 
• 
the possible loss of customers and/or suppliers; and 
• 
control issues in relation to acquisitions through joint ventures and other arrangements where Schaeffler Group does 
not exercise sole control. 
Any of the risk described above could prevent the Group from realizing the anticipated cost savings, synergies and other 
benefits from such acquisitions, investments or joint ventures and may adversely affect the Group's profitability. 
Schaeffler Group may not be able to derive the envisaged benefits from its efficiency and portfolio optimization programs 
and additional structural measures. 
The Schaeffler Group is implementing a program comprising several strategic initiatives to improve its profitability and 
competitive position. This program, inter alia, envisions a portfolio optimization, a reduction of research and development 
expenses, a restriction of capital expenditures and a reduction of its workforce for parts of its operations.  
In addition, the Issuer has adopted additional structural measures which aim to downsize structural overcapacity and 
consolidate Schaeffler Group's locations in Europe, to strengthen the Group's competitiveness and to build up local capabilities 
at selected locations. 
There is, however, no guarantee that the Group will be able to implement the efficiency and portfolio optimization program 
and/or the additional structural measures as planned, in particular if it meets resistance from stakeholders affected by the 
relevant initiatives such as employees and customers. Even if it does complete the envisaged measures, these may prove to be 
more costly than originally anticipated and the expected benefits may fail to materialize in time, or at all. 
Schaeffler Group's customers may fail to meet their payment obligations or even enter bankruptcy. 
In the past, some of Schaeffler Group's OEM customers and other customers have suffered from declines in sales and 
production, tightened liquidity and increased cost of capital, which, together with structural issues specific to these companies 
(such as significant overcapacity and pension and healthcare costs), have caused them to undergo unprecedented restructurings, 
including reorganizations under bankruptcy laws. If the creditworthiness of Schaeffler Group's OEM customers or other 
customers were to decline, the Group would face an increased default risk with respect to its trade receivables. In addition, if 
such customers fail to make payments for products that the Group has already delivered (e.g., in case of an insolvency), 
Schaeffler Group may not be able to recover those receivables. Should its customers end up entering bankruptcy, the Group 
may lose the business with such customers and its revenue and profitability could be adversely affected. 
Failure to meet the standards expected by Schaeffler Group's customers and to deliver such products on time could 
adversely affect demand for its products. 
For customers, one of the determining factors in purchasing components and systems is product quality. A decrease in the 
actual or perceived quality of Schaeffler Group's products (e.g., as a result of product defects or deficient components supplied 
by third parties) could therefore damage its reputation and result in a loss of sales, customers and market share. The adverse 
effect on its reputation could be particularly pronounced in case of a public dispute over alleged or actual product defects with 
a major OEM customer. Furthermore, the Group manufactures many products pursuant to the specific requirements of its 
OEM customers. If its products do not meet these requirements, production of the relevant products is generally discontinued 
until the cause of the product defect has been identified and remedied. In such case, longer interruptions to its manufacturing 
processes and costly investigations may ensue. In addition, many customers increasingly require the Group to ensure a low 
emissions standard for its own manufacturing processes and those of its suppliers. If Schaeffler Group fails to meet these 
standards, such customers may no longer source products from it until it has lowered its emissions, which may prove costly 
and only be possible after substantial changes to its operations, if at all.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Given that the Group's customers incorporate its products as components into their own products and run highly complex 
manufacturing processes themselves, a timely delivery of its products and in some cases a just-in-time delivery is another key 
requirement the Group has to meet to satisfy such customers. A failure to deliver products of the agreed quality in time (e.g., 
due to a lack of raw materials, a breakdown of machinery, goods being held up in transition or its manufacturing facilities 
being shut down due to measures to combat the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, fires or other accidents, force majeure 
events or due to third parties utilized or relied on by Schaeffler Group in its production processes and operations), could cause 
OEM customers to reduce future orders and such customers could bring claims for damages on the basis of breach of contract, 
even if the cause of the defect is remedied at a later point in time. For example, Schaeffler Group operates a manufacturing 
facility in Fort Mill, United States, where production had to be suspended in February 2020 as a result of a tornado, which also 
damaged the structure of the Group's facility. As a further example, Schaeffler Group recently experienced delivery delays 
and certain quality issues in the Automotive Aftermarket Division’s assembly and packaging centre (Aftermarket Kitting 
Operation) which affected Schaeffler Group`s Automotive Aftermarket Division’s revenues. Whilst the optimization of the 
set-up is ongoing, further adverse impact cannot be excluded. 
Maintaining efficient manufacturing processes may be particularly challenging if its customers fail to inform the Group of 
changes to their production needs in a timely manner. Such failure may result in underutilization or a lack of capacity and 
therefore adversely affect its profitability. 
For certain products, Schaeffler Group's manufacturing processes are dependent on critical pieces of equipment and machines 
such as furnaces and transformers, and this equipment may temporarily be out of service as a result of unanticipated failures. 
As a result, production bottlenecks and breakdowns may occur, particularly where a manufacturing site only operates a single 
unit of a particular type of equipment. 
A failure to meet the standards expected by Schaeffler Group's customers and to deliver such products on time could adversely 
affect demand for its products and could adversely affect Schaeffler Group's revenue and profitability. 
Product piracy may adversely affect Schaeffler Group's reputation and demand for its products. 
Schaeffler Group has repeatedly been the target of product piracy in the past for automotive components and bearings in wind 
turbines and aircrafts. The Group expects that third parties will continue to produce and distribute counterfeit products under 
its brands in order to benefit from the brands' high recognition. Such counterfeit products are usually sold at significantly 
reduced prices and/or with lower lead times, which puts pressure on Schaeffler Group to lower prices for its original products 
and maintain higher stock of such products. The Group may also lose market share to producers of counterfeit products, 
particularly in emerging markets. Fighting product piracy may be costly and prove unsuccessful. Furthermore, the lower 
quality standards of counterfeit products illegally sold under the Group's brands may damage Schaeffler Group's reputation if 
customers unwittingly purchase such products and experience product failures or poor performance. 
Potentially negative effects on the Group's reputation and/or reduced demand for its products due to product piracy could 
adversely affect Schaeffler Group's revenue and profitability. 
Schaeffler Group depends on a limited number of key suppliers for certain products and inability to source products from 
these suppliers could prevent it from meeting its obligations vis-à-vis its customers. 
For certain critical components (e.g., sensors and related technology) Schaeffler Group relies on a limited number of key 
suppliers and the Group may become even more dependent as the Group increases the number of systemic solutions the Group 
offers. In addition, many of its OEM customers have approval rights with respect to the suppliers used by the Group and such 
customers increasingly require the Group's suppliers to meet higher standards with respect to low emissions as part of the 
manufacturing process. Consequently, the Group may not be able to source raw materials or components from other suppliers 
upon short notice and/or at the required volume of any one of its suppliers fails to meet its delivery obligations (e.g., due to an 
insolvency, impairment of production facilities, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, conflicts (such as the Russia-
Ukraine war), delays or disruptions in shipping, strikes or refusal to perform following a change in control). Such failure could 
result in a shortage of raw materials required to manufacture the Group's products, interruptions in its production processes, 
underutilization of its production sites, and ultimately cause delays in the delivery of products to its customers.  
If the Group's suppliers fail to supply it with the components required for the manufacture of its own products, its competitive 
and financial position could be adversely affected, and it may be liable vis-à-vis its customers. 
Schaeffler Group's investments in research and development activities may not yield the desired returns. 
Given the ongoing changes affecting all of Schaeffler Group's markets (see "The industries in which Schaeffler Group operates 
are constantly changing and the Group may not be able to successfully adapt to such changes in a timely manner."), it depends 
on the continued development of new and improved products and technologies to maintain its competitive position. To this

--- Page 17 ---
17 
end, the Group employs approximately 7,414 research and development staff at 20 research and development centres 
worldwide, in particular in Germany, the United States, China, Slovakia, India and Mexico. Such development efforts require 
substantial investments and its research and development expenses amounted to 5.4% of its revenue during the periods for 
which financial information is included in this Base Prospectus. Schaeffler Group plans to continue to make significant 
investments in its research and development efforts and in this context reduce its expenditures for developing components, 
while assigning additional resources to research and development in the fields of mechatronics as well as systems and services. 
There is, however, no guarantee that this allocation correctly reflects future market demand and consequently the Group's 
investments may turn out to be inefficient. 
Furthermore, the development process itself is subject to uncertainties and the Group may not be able to successfully develop 
the new products and technologies currently envisioned. The success of its research and development efforts may take several 
years to materialize, in particular for major development projects, and costs of such projects may turn out to be substantially 
higher than originally anticipated. Even if Schaeffler Group develops an innovative product or technology, there is no 
guarantee that the market will accept its solution, particularly where several years have passed since the commencement of the 
development process and market conditions have changed significantly (e.g., due to the introduction of competing products 
and technologies). If Schaeffler Group starts the development of new products and technologies that ultimately fail to be 
accepted in the marketplace or fail to become commercially viable, all or part of its investment in the development of these 
technologies and products may be lost. 
If Schaeffler Group fails to attract and retain qualified personnel and to keep such employees satisfied, it may not be able 
to maintain and expand its operations. 
With approximately 83,000 employees, Schaeffler Group employs a large workforce around the world, many of whom have 
long-standing experience and hold relevant qualifications. Due to intense competition and the technological transformation 
within the industry, it is essential for the Group to retain qualified employees and remain able to find a sufficient number of 
appropriate new employees. The loss of qualified employees or the failure in attracting such employees could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's competitive position and prospects, in particular considering the technological challenges in the 
upcoming years. Also, considerable expertise could be lost, or access thereto gained by competitors. At the same time, the 
constant changes affecting the industries in which Schaeffler Group operates (see "The industries in which Schaeffler Group 
operates are constantly changing and the Group may not be able to successfully adapt to such changes in a timely manner.") 
requires it to hire additional employees with new qualifications, which are particularly in demand (e.g., programming skills). 
As a result, the Group may not be able to hire sufficiently qualified employees, which may reduce its ability to react to new 
developments and trends and thereby adversely affect its competitive position. 
Schaeffler Group's employees may temporarily be unable or unwilling to work due to the effects of the COVID-19 
pandemic, strikes or labour disputes. 
Outbreaks of COVID-19 among its workforce may deprive the Group of key employees as they are required to isolate and 
may even force it to shut down entire manufacturing facilities once a significant share of the workforce is affected. Isolation 
may also be required where employees return from business or leisure trips to areas particularly affected by the COVID-19 
pandemic. As a result, the Group's operations may be interrupted and it may still be required to pay the affected employees 
their full salary, while not receiving any labour in return. 
Furthermore, if relationships with its employees and employee representatives were to deteriorate, Schaeffler Group could 
experience strikes, further unionization efforts or other types of conflicts. As a result, its operations could be interrupted, and 
its reputation could suffer. 
Schaeffler Group's operations rely on complex information technology systems, and interruptions or malfunctions of these 
systems could adversely affect its business operations. 
The Group relies on centralized, standardized information technology systems to support its business, in particular for the 
Group's manufacturing processes, where a majority of machines require a functioning controlling software or are even fully 
automated. For certain software, however, there are few trained users among the Group's workforce. As a result, it may fail to 
properly utilize such software. Any interruptions or malfunctions of the Group's information technology systems (e.g., due to 
power outages or incorrect use) could lead to interruptions of its manufacturing processes, loss of data, product deficiencies 
or otherwise adversely affect its operations. For example, in September 2019, the Group experienced a sudden stop of 
production in its manufacturing site in Bußmatten, Germany as a result of a ransomware attack. 
Schaeffler Group's information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of 
sources and to security threats, including cyberattacks and espionage. As a result, unauthorized persons could circumvent the 
Group's security systems and access sensitive business data, including information relating to its intellectual property or

--- Page 18 ---
18 
business strategy, which could adversely affect its competitive position. In addition, power outages in a data centre or 
telecommunications network (e.g., due to fire, flooding or attacks by third parties), security breaches or similar events could 
lead to an extended and unanticipated interruption of the Group's information technology systems and affect its production 
and other operations.  
Furthermore, its agreements with some of its customers require it to maintain certain security standards aimed at preventing 
theft, loss, unauthorised dissemination, illegal access, and misuses of data, such as the ISO/IEC 27001 standard, which reflects 
national and sector-specific regulation. If the Group fails to comply with such obligations, the relevant customers may bring 
claims against Schaeffler Group or discontinue their relationship with it. 
Any material interruption, malfunction or security breach of the Group's information technology systems could adversely 
affect Schaeffler Group's operations, revenue and profitability. 
Risks related to Schaeffler Group's Financial Situation 
Schaeffler Group's high level of financial debt imposes restrictions on its operations and there is no guarantee that it will 
be able to obtain sufficient financing to meet its future needs or to repay its existing debt. 
As of December 31, 2021, Schaeffler Group's financial debt comprised a revolving facility, an investment facility, notes, 
promissory notes (Schuldscheindarlehen), a multi-currency commercial paper program as well as various lines of credit with 
certain banks or other financial institutions and amounted to EUR 3,776 million, while its total shareholders' equity amounted 
to EUR 3,165 million. In addition, Schaeffler Group has entered into financing agreements allowing it to borrow additional 
funds, subject to compliance with certain conditions. Schaeffler Group's high level of financial debt limits its operational 
freedom and may prevent it from achieving future success, including by: 
• 
increasing its vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions and developments due to an inability to 
obtain additional funding at short notice; or 
• 
requiring the Group to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flows from operations to payments on its 
indebtedness, thereby reducing the cash flows available to fund its working capital needs, capital expenditures, future 
acquisitions and other funding requirements; or 
• 
limiting the Group's flexibility in reacting to changes in the industries in which it operates, in particular with respect 
to the key trends affecting its industries (see "The industries in which Schaeffler Group operates are constantly 
changing and the Group may not be able to successfully adapt to such changes in a timely manner."); or 
• 
limiting the funds available for the Group's capital expenditures (e.g., to replace outdated or outworn machinery), 
strategic expansions or its research and development efforts; or 
• 
placing the Group at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors with less debt. 
Furthermore, the Group's cash from operating activities, current cash resources and sources of external financing may not be 
sufficient to meet the Group's further capital needs and repayment obligations. In such case, the Group may seek to obtain 
additional debt and may be forced to attempt a refinancing or restructuring of its existing debt. Disruptions in the financial 
markets, including the bankruptcy, insolvency or restructuring of a number of financial institutions, or a general lack of 
available liquidity could, however, adversely affect the availability and cost of financing. Its available cash could also be 
adversely affected if its suppliers were to tighten terms of payment as a result of a decline in Schaeffler Group's financial 
condition or if its customers were to extend their normal payment terms.  
If Schaeffler Group cannot obtain the required financing, it may be forced to delay investments, try to sell assets or even fail 
to meet its payment obligations when due, which could ultimately lead to insolvency of the Schaeffler Group. 
A breach of covenants under Schaeffler Group's financing agreements or notes as well as the occurrence of a change of 
control could lead to an acceleration of payment obligations and result in insolvency of the Schaeffler Group. 
The Issuer's financing agreements require the Group to comply with certain covenants. In particular, the Group is required to 
maintain a financial ratio regarding its maximum level of total consolidated net debt to consolidated earnings before interest, 
taxes, depreciation and amortization. There is, however, no guarantee that the Group will be able to maintain its revenues and 
profitability at the levels required to comply with this covenant. A breach of covenants under its financing could result in a 
default of the Schaeffler Group or other entities of the Schaeffler Group. In such case, its lenders will not be required to lend 
any additional amounts and could elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest, fees and other 
amounts due thereunder, to be immediately due and payable. Schaeffler Group may, however, not be able to obtain the funds 
required to make payments when due, in particular in the event its obligations are accelerated due to a default. In such event, 
failure to make payments when due could lead to insolvency of the Schaeffler Group.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
In addition, indebtedness under other debt instruments that contain cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions also may be 
accelerated and become due and payable in the event of such default. The relevant lenders could also require the Group to 
apply all available cash to repay the borrowings or prevent it from making debt service payments on these debt instruments, 
any of which would lead to a default thereunder. 
A deterioration of the Issuer's credit ratings or a general increase of interest rates could increase its financing expenses 
and limit its ability to obtain future funding on acceptable terms or at all. 
The Issuer has obtained credit ratings from internationally recognized rating agencies, which are typically required to obtain 
funding from the debt capital markets. 
 The development of the Issuer's credit ratings depends on a number of factors, such as its business performance and its overall 
leverage. Some of these factors considered by some of the rating agencies relate to the creditworthiness of the Issuer's parent 
group and are therefore outside its control. If its credit ratings were to deteriorate, this could limit its ability to obtain future 
funding on acceptable terms or at all, may increase funding costs. 
In addition, some of the Group's financing agreements bear interest on a floating rate. A general rise in interest rates would 
therefore increase the Group's current interest expenses and its future refinancing costs. To the extent the Group seeks to hedge 
this risk through derivative interest rate hedging instruments, there is no guarantee that such instruments will be available in 
the future or that the Group does not incur any mark-to-market losses from such hedges. 
Exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect Schaeffler Group's profitability and an effective hedging of this risk may 
not be possible. 
As a global supplier, Schaeffler Group does business in a number of currencies, in particular Euros, U.S. Dollars and Chinese 
Renminbi. Exchange rate fluctuations could cause losses if assets denominated in currencies with a falling exchange rate lose 
value, while at the same time liabilities denominated in currencies with a rising exchange rate appreciate. Such developments 
could also increase prices of raw materials, since the Group purchases a considerable part of its raw materials in foreign 
currencies. In addition, exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect its revenues and its competitive position if its 
competitors manufacture their products in countries with a depreciating currency. 
With respect to external and internal cash inflows and outflows which are denominated in currencies other than the functional 
currency of the receiving entity, the Group seeks to reduce the impact of exchange rate fluctuations through derivative hedging 
instruments. In this context, the Group is particularly exposed to fluctuations of net inflows in U.S. Dollars and Chinese 
Renminbi. In addition, the Group employs derivative financial instruments to cover exchange rate risks arising from external 
and internal loan agreements. There is, however, no guarantee that sufficient derivative hedging instruments will be available 
on acceptable terms going forward or that the scope of the hedging activities will fully meet actual requirements. As a result, 
its hedging strategy may prove to be ineffective. Furthermore, the value of derivative hedging instruments is subject to market 
fluctuations, which may result in mark-to-market losses.  
In addition, a number of consolidated entities of the Schaeffler Group report their results in currencies other than the Euro, 
which requires it to convert the relevant items into Euros when preparing its consolidated financial statements. As part of this 
process, the Group may be forced to record accounting losses. 
Schaeffler Group may incur unexpected charges in connection with its pension and benefit obligations. 
Schaeffler Group provides defined benefit pension plans in Germany, the United States, the UK and certain other countries, 
which are funded through externally managed investment funds. As of December 31, 2021, the Group's total pension 
obligations amounted to EUR 2,454 million and its net pension obligations for defined benefit pension plans (pension 
obligations less pension plan assets, funded status) amounted to EUR 2,337 million. Unfavourable market developments, in 
particular a requirement to adjust discount rates, could result in a substantial coverage shortfall for these pension obligations. 
Future changes to parameters, such as longevity of beneficiaries, relevant for the calculation of the Group's pension and benefit 
obligations may result in actuarial losses and it may be required to provide additional funds to cover shortfalls in the funding 
of such obligations. In addition, changes in new laws and regulations could lead to an increase in its pension obligations. 
Schaeffler Group may incur significant impairment charges. 
As of December 31, 2021, Schaeffler Group recorded intangible assets in an amount of EUR 497 million on its consolidated 
statement of financial position, including goodwill resulting from the acquisition of subsidiaries and other intangible assets 
generated through its research and development activities.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Such intangible assets as well as tangible assets are tested for impairment, in particular when there is an indication that these 
assets may be impaired (so-called triggering event). 
Future adverse developments (e.g., an increased uncertainty regarding its future course of business) may result in impairment 
charges, including asset impairment charges, which may adversely affect the Group's profitability and financial position. 
Legal, Regulatory and Tax Risks 
Schaeffler Group's risk management and compliance controls and procedures may fail to prevent or detect corruption, 
fraud or other unauthorized or criminal behaviour or violations of trade and economic sanctions rules. 
Given the global scope of the Group's operations and, in particular, the fact that corruption and extortion are widespread in 
certain of the countries in which it operates, its global risk management and compliance program may prove to be insufficient 
to prevent or detect unlawful conduct. Despite such program, its employees, consultants, agents or suppliers may still engage 
in illegal practices or corruption to win business or to conspire in order to circumvent its compliance controls. Similarly, the 
Group's risk management function may fail to identify, mitigate or manage such behaviour. 
For example, in 2015, Schaeffler Group discovered that some of its subsidiaries had made limited sales into Iran and some of 
its distributors may have supplied its products to Cuba. As a result, it may have failed to fully comply with sanctions 
administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"). Upon discovery of these 
potential violations, the Group voluntarily reported these incidents to OFAC and took remedial action to help ensure 
compliance with applicable sanctions laws, including discontinuing all sales into Iran. OFAC closed the matter with no 
enforcement action by issuing a cautionary letter. If its employees, consultants, agents or suppliers actually or allegedly engage 
in corruption, fraud or other unauthorized or criminal behaviour, the Group could be subject to administrative, civil or criminal 
fines or other sanctions, such as the loss of business licenses, and its reputation and business relationships may suffer. 
In addition, Schaeffler Group's international operations require it to comply with trade and economic sanctions and restrictions, 
in particular those imposed by the European Union and the United States.  
For example, in response to the Russia-Ukraine war the EU, the U.S. and the UK, among others, have adopted a series of 
economic sanctions and export controls, which restrict a wide range of trade and financial dealings with Russia and certain 
Russian persons, some of which have been extended to Belarus, and could be extended to additional countries and persons. In 
addition, Russia has adopted countermeasures and could adopt additional countermeasures, as could other countries such as 
Belarus. These rapidly evolving and increasingly severe economic sanctions and export controls have impacted, and are 
expected to continue to impact, the Group’s operations. 
Further, on January 1, 2023, the German Supply Chain Act (Lieferkettensorgfaltspflichtengesetz) will come into force, which 
imposes due diligence obligations on companies with respect to the compliance of their supply chains with human rights and 
environmental standards. If Schaeffler Group fails to comply with such laws, it may be subject to fines and could be forced to 
modify its compliance management program, which may increase Schaeffler Group's compliance costs. New sanctions, 
embargoes and other restrictions with respect to additional countries or goods could prevent it from continuing to market its 
products and operate its business as currently conducted. 
Any of the factors described above could adversely affect Schaeffler Group's competitive position, revenue and profitability. 
Schaeffler Group's operations are subject to complex laws and regulations, particularly environmental laws, which are 
constantly evolving. As a result, it may incur additional costs and may be forced to change the way it operates its business. 
As a global supplier to the automotive and industrial sectors, Schaeffler Group is subject to complex laws and regulations 
which vary across the multiple countries in which the Group operates, including increasingly stringent environmental laws 
and regulations. Such laws and regulations also require permits or authorizations to be obtained and forms to be completed 
and delivered in connection with the operation of the Group's business. National laws in the Group's various markets across 
the world cover similar aspects. Any violations of applicable laws and regulations may result in fines and penalties, monetary 
and reputational damages, third-party liabilities, limitations on its business operations and site closures. 
Complying with the complex regulatory framework applicable to the Group's operations imposes a significant day-to-day 
burden on Schaeffler Group. For example, the Group is subject to Regulation (EC) No. 1907/2006 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of December 18, 2006 concerning the Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals, 
as amended ("REACH"), and similar regulations under other applicable law which govern the production and use of 
chemicals. Several of the chemicals used in the Group's production processes are or may be classified as substances of very 
high concern and are or could become subject to restrictions regarding their use or even be prohibited. In such case, Schaeffler 
Group would be required to replace these substances, which may be costly and therefore adversely affect its operations. If the 
Group fails to comply with the requirements promulgated by REACH or other laws and regulations applicable to the Group's

--- Page 21 ---
21 
components, the Group may no longer be able to market these products or be forced to recall products already distributed in 
the market. In such cases, customers may seek recompense from the Group or discontinue their relationship with the Group, 
which may adversely affect its revenue and profitability. In addition, the reputation may suffer if the Group's components and 
services fail to comply with the latest legal requirements, in particular laws and regulations aimed at improving product safety. 
While already complex, the laws applicable to its operations are continuously evolving and becoming even more stringent. In 
the past, the Group has already been required to make significant investments to adjust to new regulations. For example, data 
protection laws have constantly become more stringent, in particular in the European Union, where Regulation (EU) 2016/679 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 27, 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the 
processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data became effective in 2018. Under such regulation, businesses 
are subject to a number of provisions that require them to keep personal data private and limit the extent to which they can 
utilize such data as part of their operations. As a result, the Group has had to make significant investments to comply with 
these new provisions and change the way it uses certain data collected from third parties. 
Schaeffler Group expects that additional laws and regulations will be passed that affect its operations. It may be difficult and 
costly for it to comply with such laws and regulations or changes to the existing legal framework, and new legislation may 
force it to change the way it operates its business or adversely affect demand for its products and services. For example, the 
introduction of various legislation aimed at reducing fuel and energy consumption of vehicles, in particular the worldwide 
harmonized light-duty vehicles test procedure or the real driving emissions procedure, has made it harder to certify new 
vehicles. Consequently, deliveries to customers have been delayed, which has adversely affected customer satisfaction. 
Furthermore, there are numerous ongoing initiatives to further curb emissions and fuel consumption. Such initiatives exist at 
the level of supranational organizations and national legislators as for individual major cities such as London. The ongoing 
push towards laws and regulations providing for a more stringent emission reduction put additional pressure on automotive 
manufacturers and OEMs in the automotive industry and consequently also adversely affect demand and prices for the Group's 
products. 
Any of the factors described above could adversely affect Schaeffler Group's competitive position, revenue and profitability. 
Schaeffler Group is involved in legal, administrative and arbitration proceedings, in particular antitrust investigations as 
well as product and warranty claims, and may be required to pay substantial damages or incur additional costs. 
Entities of Schaeffler Group are involved in a number of legal, administrative and arbitration proceedings and could become 
involved in additional proceedings. As a manufacturer, the Group may be faced with claims alleging violations of due care, 
warranty obligations and breaches of contract, recall actions or fines imposed by regulatory authorities. In addition, some 
contracts with customers require the Group to participate in warranty claims against, or recalls by, such customers, or provide 
for the payment of liquidated damages (pauschalisierter Schadensersatz) in the event of certain violations. As a result, it may 
be required to make substantial payments to such customers. 
For example, Schaeffler Group is currently in discussions with several customers regarding potential warranty cases related to 
the failure of certain bearings supplied for wind turbines. 
Furthermore, Schaeffler Group, along with several other manufacturers of bearings, has long been the subject to various 
antitrust investigations regarding violations of antitrust laws. Below is a description of the current status of the relevant antitrust 
investigations and proceedings in the respective jurisdictions: 
In 2011, the U.S. Department of Justice served a grand jury subpoena on Schaeffler Group USA Inc. In 2012, Schaeffler Group 
USA Inc. submitted documents and information to the U.S. Department of Justice. As Schaeffler Group USA Inc. has not 
received a response since, the Group believes that it is unlikely that proceedings will be reactivated against the Group's 
subsidiary.  
In addition, beginning in May 2012, several class action lawsuits were filed by plaintiffs in the United States and Canada 
against various entities of the Schaeffler Group and certain other defendants in the context of the aforementioned investigation 
by the U.S. Department of Justice. Schaeffler Group subsequently settled all of these lawsuits filed in the United States and 
Canada. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, none of the individual plaintiffs who have opted out of these settlements are 
actively pursuing claims for damages against the Group or threatened to file such claims.  
Further, some of the Group's subsidiaries in the United States are defendants in suits brought by individuals claiming personal 
injuries as a result of alleged exposure to clutch-lining material containing asbestos, which was sold until the end of the 1980s. 
On February 5, 2020, a Motion to Certify ("MTC") was filed with the Central District Court in Israel. The MTC and the 
statement of claim ("SOC") describe proceedings in the US (including a plea bargain with the DOJ and a class action), Europe 
(a decision by the European Commission of March 19, 2014) and Japan in the context of a bearings cartel. According to the 
MTC, several defendants, including companies of the Schaeffler Group, were members of a cartel regarding bearings from

--- Page 22 ---
22 
April 8, 2004 to July 25, 2011. The damage to the Israeli consumers derives allegedly from the impact of the alleged cartel on 
the prices of the vehicles due to the relevant components and on the prices of the relevant parts in workshops. The MTC/SOC 
do not specify the exact damage to Israeli consumers. The Group intends to defend itself against this claim.  
In Spain a customer announced its intention to bring a claim for damages for a certain of the Group's subsidiary's participation 
in the Spanish railway cartel. So far, no claim letter was received and the Group will defend itself against this claim. 
The Brazilian Administrative Council for Economic Defense (Conselho Administrativo de Defesa Economica) has initiated a 
preliminary investigation of Schaeffler Brasil Ltda., the Group's Brazilian subsidiary, regarding an alleged exchange of 
information in violation of Brazilian antitrust laws. Due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in Brazil, it is unclear, when 
Brazilian Administrative Council for Economic Defense (Conselho Administrativo de Defesa Economica) will issue a report 
regarding its investigation. The Group intends to defend itself in any proceedings resulting from that preliminary investigation. 
Legal, administrative and arbitration proceedings could involve substantial claims for damages, fines or other payments, 
particularly in the United States. The corresponding judgments or settlement agreements may require Schaeffler Group to 
make substantial payments. The Group's litigation costs and those of third parties could also be significant. Furthermore, 
prosecutors may initiate criminal proceedings against Schaeffler Group or its key personnel. 
Legal, administrative and arbitration proceedings could have a material negative affect on the Group's reputation, financial 
position and profitability. 
Schaeffler Group's know-how and intellectual property as well as those rights licensed from third parties may not be 
adequately protected, which could adversely affect its competitive position. 
Schaeffler Group's products and services depend upon its technological know-how and the Group has obtained and applied 
for a large number of intellectual property rights, such as patents, that are of considerable importance to its business. The 
process of seeking protection for intellectual property rights can be lengthy and expensive, there is no guarantee that the Group 
will be able to obtain such rights and they may ultimately prove insufficient to adequately protect itself. Moreover, a major 
part of Schaeffler Group's know-how and industrial secrets cannot be protected through intellectual property rights. 
Consequently, Schaeffler Group may not be able to prevent third parties, in particular competitors, from copying its know-
how and intellectual property, which could adversely affect its competitive position. 
In addition, the Group has entered into a number of license, cross-license, cooperation and development agreements with its 
customers, competitors and other third parties, which grant it access to their intellectual property or know-how. These license 
agreements may be terminated under certain conditions (e.g., in the event of an insolvency of the licensing partner or a change 
of control in either party), which could end the Group's access to such intellectual property rights. Furthermore, these third-
party intellectual property rights may prove to be invalid. 
Any of the factors described above could adversely affect Schaeffler Group's competitive position and profitability. 
If the Group infringes on intellectual property rights of third parties, it could be forced to change its product offering or 
incur additional costs. 
Schaeffler Group's competitors, suppliers and customers develop a large number of intellectual property rights. These third 
parties could assert claims for infringement of such intellectual property rights, including baseless claims, against the Group. 
As a result, the Group could be forced to cease manufacturing, using or marketing the relevant technologies or products in 
certain countries or to make changes to its manufacturing processes or products. In addition, the Group could be liable to pay 
compensation for infringements or could be forced to purchase licenses from third parties to make use of their intellectual 
property rights.  
Any of the factors described above could adversely affect Schaeffler Group's competitive position, revenue and profitability. 
Schaeffler Group could be held liable for soil, water or groundwater contamination or other forms of pollution. 
Many of the sites at which Schaeffler Group operates have been used for industrial purposes for many years and may be 
contaminated. Furthermore, at some of the sites at which the Group operates or has operated in the past, hazardous materials 
(e.g., asbestos) were used in the past. As of December 31, 2021, provisions for remediating past environmental impacts and 
rehabilitating commercial land amounted to EUR 32 million, provided that such costs are particularly difficult to predict. 
Amongst such provisions is also a provision which has been built against the background of soil investigations carried out on 
the outside area at one of Schaeffler Group’s locations in Germany in 2021 which revealed mineral oil residues in the ground. 
The responsible authorities have been informed. Schaeffler Group has recently expanded the investigation to deeper layers of 
soil and the interior of the facility. At of the date of this Base Prospectus, it cannot be ruled out that this investigation will

--- Page 23 ---
23 
reveal further contamination and the provision built may proof insufficient depending on the outcome of this further 
investigation and the further use of the location. 
The competent authorities could order the Group, as the owner or tenant of the affected plots, to examine or remediate such 
pollution, or to dispose of, or to treat, contaminated or hazardous materials. Schaeffler Group may also be required to indemnify 
the owners of plots leased by the Group or of adjacent properties. Furthermore, the health and safety of third parties such as 
former employees may have been affected due to the use of hazardous materials and the Group could therefore be exposed to 
damage claims from such third parties. If any pollution were to become a subject of public discussion, this could adversely 
affect the Group's reputation or relations with its customers. 
The Group could also be exposed to claims alleging that the health and safety of third parties, such as nearby residents or 
current or former employees, was affected due to soil, water or groundwater contamination or the use of hazardous materials. 
For example, certain residents of a local community near the Group’s plant in Joplin, Missouri, have brought claims for 
damages against certain of the Group's subsidiaries, alleging exposure to toxic chemicals in the water. 
Claims, proceedings and investigations relating to environmental matters could have a material negative affect on the Group's 
reputation, financial position and profitability. 
Future tax audits may lead to an increase of Schaeffler Group's tax burden for past periods. 
The Issuer and many German as well as foreign entities of Schaeffler Group are subject to routine tax audits by the competent 
tax authorities. The last tax audit conducted by the competent tax authorities regarding the Issuer and all material German 
subsidiaries covered the fiscal years 2008 up to 2011. In addition, the Schaeffler Group has set up tax provisions to address 
potential future tax liabilities, including interest thereon, which amounted to EUR 14.4 million as of December 31, 2021. Such 
provisions may, however, prove to be insufficient. In future tax audits, tax authorities may interpret tax laws or relevant facts 
in a manner deviating from the Group's view, which could substantially increase its tax burden, including through the 
imposition of interest or penalty payments. In particular, the tax qualification of several specific expenses as interest expenses 
is under discussion with the relevant authorities (interest barrier rule).  
A substantial increase in the tax burden of Schaeffler Group could have a material negative affect on the Group's financial 
position and profitability. 
Risks in connection with the ownership structure of the Issuer 
The interests of the Issuer's shareholders may be inconsistent with the interests of the Noteholders. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Maria-Elisabeth Schaeffler-Thumann and Georg F. W. Schaeffler (together, the "Family 
Shareholders") ultimately own all common voting bearer shares in the Issuer. The interests of the Family Shareholders may 
conflict with the interests of the Noteholders, particularly if the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries encounter financial difficulties or 
are unable to pay their debts when due. The Family Shareholders may also have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, 
divestitures, financings or other transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investment in the Issuer, 
although such transactions might involve risks to the Noteholders. In addition, the Family Shareholders or their affiliates may, 
or may in the future, own businesses that directly compete with the Schaeffler Group. 
The materialization of any of the risks described above could have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
Membership of the same persons on several boards may result in conflicts of interest between Schaeffler Group, and other 
affiliated companies of the Family Shareholders. 
The Issuer is linked to certain companies affiliated with the Family Shareholders. In particular, there is some overlap in 
personnel between Schaeffler Group and these companies ("Dual Mandates"), which is common practice in comparable 
corporate structures. For example, Klaus Rosenfeld, the Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer, is also a member of the 
supervisory board of Continental AG and Vitesco Technologies Group AG. Furthermore, Georg F. W. Schaeffler, the chairman 
of the Supervisory Board is also represented on the supervisory boards of Continental AG and Vitesco Technologies Group 
AG. Maria-Elisabeth Schaeffler-Thumann, the deputy chairperson of Schaeffler AG's supervisory board, is also represented 
on the supervisory board of Continental AG. Prof. TU Graz e.h. KR Ing. Siegfried Wolf, a member of the supervisory board 
of Schaeffler AG, is also a member of the supervisory board of Vitesco Technologies Group AG. 
It cannot be excluded that in some cases there may be a conflict of interest in engaging in and structuring business relations 
between Schaeffler Group and companies affiliated with the Family Shareholders, in particular Continental AG and Vitesco 
Technologies Group AG.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
The German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) and the German Corporate Governance Code (Deutscher Corporate 
Governance Kodex) contain certain provisions aimed at protecting companies from the negative effects of potential conflicts 
of interest in case of personnel overlap. Members of the board of managing directors of a German stock corporation 
(Aktiengesellschaft) such as the Issuer have a legal duty to act solely in the interests of their respective companies. In the case 
of Dual Mandates, this duty can mean that board members are not permitted to vote on certain decisions in one or both of the 
companies. Persons holding Dual Mandates, including persons who are members of the supervisory board of Continental AG 
and Vitesco Technologies Group AG, are not allowed to make any decisions that are not in the Issuer's interests. Despite these 
regulations, the Issuer cannot exclude the possibility that in some cases conflicts of interest may arise which are resolved to 
the detriment of Schaeffler Group. In particular, it cannot be excluded that the involvement of the members of the board of 
managing directors of the Issuer and Supervisory Board and other employees of Schaeffler Group in the strategy of affiliated 
companies of the Family Shareholders may result in some of these individuals – who hold offices or other functions in such 
companies – acting in the interests of these companies. The same holds true with regard to the possible individual economic 
interests of such persons. 
Any of the factors described above could adversely affect Schaeffler Group's reputation, competitive position, revenue and 
profitability. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions shall have the same meanings in this section. 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
Noteholders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments. 
Any person who purchases the Notes is relying on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and has no rights against any other person. 
Noteholders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments that 
the Issuer is obliged to make under the Notes. The worse the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the higher the risk of loss (see also 
"Risk Factors relating to the Issuer and the Schaeffler Group" above). A materialization of the credit risk may result in partial 
or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments under the Notes. 
In addition, even if the likelihood that the Issuer will be in a position to fully perform all obligations under the Notes when 
they fall due actually has not decreased, market participants could nevertheless be of that opinion. Market participants may in 
particular be of such opinion if market participants' assessment of the creditworthiness of corporate debtors in general or 
debtors operating in the industries sector adversely change. If any of these risks occur, third parties would only be willing to 
purchase the Notes for a lower price than before the materialization of said risk. The market value of the Notes may therefore 
decrease. 
The Notes will be effectively subordinated to the Group's debt to the extent such debt is secured by assets that are not also 
securing the Notes. 
Although the Terms and Conditions restrict the Issuer's ability to provide asset security for the benefit of other debt and require 
the Issuer to secure the Notes equally if they provide security for the benefit of Capital Markets Indebtedness (as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions), the requirement to provide equal security to the Notes is subject to a number of significant 
exceptions and carve-outs. To the extent the Issuer provides asset security for the benefit of other debt without also securing 
the Notes, the Notes will be effectively junior to such debt to the extent of such assets. 
As a result of the foregoing, holders of any secured debt of the Group may recover disproportionately more on their claims 
than the Noteholders in an insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceeding. The Issuer may not have sufficient assets remaining 
to make payments on the Notes. 
The Notes are structurally subordinated to creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries. 
The Notes will not be guaranteed by any of the subsidiaries of the Issuer. Generally, claims of creditors of a subsidiary, 
including trade creditors, secured creditors, and creditors holding indebtedness and guarantees issued by the subsidiary, will 
have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of the subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its parent company. In the 
event of a liquidation, winding-up or dissolution or a bankruptcy, administration, reorganization, insolvency, receivership or 
similar proceeding of any subsidiary of the Issuer, such subsidiary will pay the holders of its own debt (including holders of 
third-party debt which such subsidiaries have guaranteed) before they would be able to distribute any of their assets to the 
Issuer. As a result, the Issuer may not have sufficient assets to make payments on the Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Early redemption in case of certain events of default subject to a 10 per cent. quorum. 
The Terms and Conditions provide that, in case of certain events of default, any notice declaring the Notes due and payable 
shall become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has received such default notices from Noteholders representing at least 
10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Series of Notes then outstanding. Noteholders should be aware that, as a 
result, they may not be able to accelerate their Notes upon the occurrence of certain events of default, unless the required 
quorum of Noteholders with respect to the Series of Notes delivers default notices. 
Market price risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest rate levels the 
policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type 
of Note. The Noteholders are therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of their Notes, 
which materializes if the Noteholders sell the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If a Noteholder decides to hold 
the Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In particular, a Noteholder of Fixed Rate Notes or Non-interest Bearing Notes is exposed to the risk that the price of such 
Notes falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of such Notes as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital market ("market 
interest rate") typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of such Notes also changes, 
but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of such Notes typically falls, until the yield of such 
Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, the price of such 
Notes typically increases, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. 
If the Noteholder of such Notes holds such Notes until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to 
such Noteholder as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such Notes. 
A Noteholder of Floating Rate Notes is particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest 
income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability of Floating Rate Notes in advance. 
Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the future 
development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Liquidity risk 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Base Prospectus to be admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. However, Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme can also be listed on other stock exchanges or may not be listed at all, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Regardless of whether Series of Notes are listed or not, there is a risk that no liquid secondary market for such Notes will 
develop or, if it does develop, that it will not continue. The fact that Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater 
liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, 
however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely.  
The liquidity of a Series of Notes may also be subject to fluctuations during the term of such Notes and may deteriorate, in 
particular as a result of repurchases and redemptions. 
In an illiquid market, an investor is subject to the risk that he will not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions by resolution of the Noteholders and appointment of a joint representative 
Since the Terms and Conditions for a Series of Notes may be amended by the Issuer with consent of the relevant Noteholders 
by way of a majority resolution in a Noteholders' Meeting or by a vote not requiring a physical meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) as described in Sections 5 et seq. of the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen, "SchVG"), the Issuer may subsequently amend the Terms and Conditions with 
the consent of the majority of Noteholders as described in § 14 of the Terms and Conditions, which amendment will be binding 
on all Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes, even on those who voted against the change. As the relevant majority for 
Noteholders' resolutions is generally based on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series 
of Notes outstanding, any such resolution may technically be passed with the consent of less than a majority of the aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
Therefore, a Noteholder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the Noteholders. As such majority 
resolution is binding on all Noteholders of a particular Series of Notes, certain rights of such Noteholder against the Issuer 
under the Terms and Conditions may be amended or reduced or cancelled, even for Noteholders who have declared their

--- Page 26 ---
26 
claims arising from the Notes due and payable but who have not received payment from the Issuer prior to the amendment 
taking effect, which may have significant negative effects on the value of the Notes and the return from the Notes. 
The Noteholders may by majority resolution provide for the appointment or dismissal of a joint representative. If a joint 
representative is appointed a Noteholder may be deprived of its individual right to pursue and enforce a part or all of its rights 
under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer, such right passing to the Noteholders' joint representative who is then 
exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Noteholders. 
Risks related to the specific Conditions of the Notes 
Risk of early redemption 
At the Issuer's option, the Notes may be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date at par plus accrued interest if, as a result of a 
future change of the laws applicable in Germany, the Issuer will be obliged to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions). 
If provided for in any Final Terms for a particular Series of Notes, the Notes may be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date (i) at 
the option of the Issuer at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, (ii) at the option of the Issuer on any specified Call 
Redemption Date or within any specified Call Redemption Period(s), (iii) at the option of the Issuer upon occurrence of a 
transaction related event, or (iv) if at any time the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series outstanding 
is equal to or less than 15 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Series originally issued. If the Notes 
of any Series are redeemed earlier than expected by a Noteholder, a Noteholder is exposed to the risk that due to the early 
redemption his investment will have a lower than expected yield and to the risks connected with any reinvestment of the cash 
proceeds received as a result of the early redemption. The redemption amount may be lower than the then prevailing market 
price of and the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder for the Notes so that the Noteholder in such case would 
not receive the total amount of the capital invested. 
Risk related to the Reform of Interest Rate "Benchmarks" and possible Replacement of a Benchmark  
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes are linked to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR). "Benchmarks" such as 
the EURIBOR (each a "Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks") have, in recent years, been the subject of political and 
regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing 
Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated.  
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include in particular the European Council's regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 
June 8, 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmark 
Regulation") which is fully applicable since January 1, 2018. 
Following the implementation of such reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may change, with the result that 
they perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there could be consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmark Regulation or other initiatives could have a 
material adverse effect on the costs of obtaining exposure to a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have 
the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks.  
Investors should be aware that, if a Benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant interest period by the 
fallback provisions applicable to such Notes.  
If a Benchmark used to calculate interest amounts payable under any Notes for any interest period has ceased to be calculated 
or administered, the Issuer shall endeavour to appoint an independent adviser, which must be an independent financial 
institution of international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets. Such 
independent adviser will be tasked with determining whether an officially recognised successor rate to the discontinued 
Benchmark exists. If that is not the case, the independent adviser will attempt to find an alternative rate which, possibly after 
application of adjustments or spreads, can replace the discontinued Benchmark. If the independent adviser determines a 
successor rate or alternative rate (the "New Benchmark Rate"), such rate will replace the previous Benchmark for purposes 
of determining the relevant rate of interest. Such determination will be binding for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders of such Notes. Any amendments pursuant to these fallback provisions will apply with effect from 
the effective date specified in the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
If the Issuer fails to appoint an independent adviser or if the adviser fails to determine a New Benchmark Rate prior to the 
relevant interest determination date, the reference rate applicable to the immediately following interest period shall be the 
reference rate applicable as at the last preceding interest determination date. Any subsequent interest period may be subject to 
the subsequent operation of the fallback provisions.  
The replacement of a Benchmark could have adverse effects on the economic return of the Noteholders of the relevant Notes 
compared to the applicable original benchmark rate. 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to apply an amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote environmental 
purposes ("Eligible Green Projects"). Schaeffler has established a framework for such issuances which further specifies the 
eligibility criteria for such Eligible Green Projects (the "Green Finance Framework") based on the recommendations 
included in the voluntary process guidelines for issuing green bonds published by the International Capital Market Association 
("ICMA") (the "ICMA Green Bond Principles"). The Green Finance Framework can be accessed on the website of the Issuer 
(https://schaeffler.com). For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green Finance Framework nor the content of the website or 
the Sustainalytics Opinion or any other document related thereto are incorporated by reference into or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and in the Green Finance Framework 
regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary.  
Compliance with future voluntary or regulatory initiatives 
Due to the envisaged use of the proceeds from the issuance of such Series of Notes for Eligible Green Projects, the Issuer may 
refer to such Notes as "green bonds" or "green finance instruments". There is currently no clearly defined term (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a "green", "sustainable" or an 
equivalently-labelled project. It is an area which has been, and continues to be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary 
and regulatory initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies and objectives. Even if such voluntary or 
regulatory initiatives should arrive at a definition "green" or "sustainable" they are not necessarily meant to apply to the Notes 
nor will the Issuer necessarily seek compliance for any of the Notes with all or some of such rules, guidelines, standards, 
taxonomies or objectives. 
For example, at the EU level, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the 
"EU Taxonomy Regulation"), which was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 22 June 2020 and 
entered into force on 12 July 2020, defined six environmental objectives and established a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investments in the European Union. The Taxonomy Regulation tasked the European Commission with establishing the actual 
list of environmentally sustainable activities by defining technical screening criteria for each environmental objective through 
delegated acts. A first delegated act on sustainable activities for climate change adaption and mitigation objectives was 
approved in principle on 21 April 2021 and formally adopted on 4 June 2021. A second delegated act for the remaining 
objectives is expected to be published in 2022. The EU Taxonomy Regulation sets mandatory requirements on disclosure for 
companies and financial institution and forms the basis for a future European standard for green bonds proposed by the 
Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance in 2019 (the "EU Green Bond Standard"). A legislative proposal for the EU 
Green Bond Standard was published by the European Commission on 6 July 2021. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the envisaged use of proceeds of relevant Notes by the 
Issuer for any Eligible Green Projects in accordance with the Green Finance Framework will satisfy, either in whole or in part, 
(i) any existing or future legislative or regulatory requirements or standards such as the EU Green Bond Standard, or (ii) any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor 
or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the 
relevant Eligible Green Projects. Further, no assurance or representation is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealers that the reporting under the Green Finance Framework will meet investor needs or expectations.  
Moreover, in light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green and sustainable 
impact markets, there is a risk that the Issuer's Green Finance Framework may (or may not) be modified in the future to adapt 
any update that may be made to the ICMA's Green Bond Principles and/or the EU Green Bond Standard. Such changes may 
have a negative impact on the market value and the liquidity of the Notes issued prior to the amendment.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Failure to comply with the intended use of proceeds 
It is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any relevant Notes for Eligible Green 
Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms and the Green Finance Framework. However, 
there can be no assurance by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the 
subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner 
and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be disbursed in whole or in part for such 
Eligible Green Projects. Neither can there be any assurance by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that 
such Eligible Green Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or 
not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer or that any adverse environmental and/or 
other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green 
Projects. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Eligible 
Green Projects or the application, impact or monitoring of the use of proceeds of the relevant Notes.  
Investors should note that (i) any such event or any failure by the Issuer to do so or (ii) any failure to provide or publish any 
reporting or any (impact) assessment, or (iii) any failure to obtain any certification or label (or the withdrawal of any such 
certification or label or of the Sustainalytics Opinion)), or (iv) any Eligible Green Projects ceasing to be classed as such prior 
to maturity of the relevant Notes, or (v) the fact that the maturity of an Eligible Green Project may not match the minimum 
duration of the Notes, will not (a) constitute an event or default under the Notes, or (b) give the Noteholders the right to 
otherwise early terminate and demand redemption of the Notes.  
Payment of principal and interest in respect of relevant Notes will be made from the Issuer's general funds and will not be 
directly linked to the performance of any Eligible Green Projects (or any other environmental or similar targets set by the 
Issuer). 
Second Party Opinion 
No assurance or representation can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of the Sustainalytics Opinion or any other opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any 
Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria (each a "Second Party 
Opinion"). Any such Second Party Opinion may not address risks that may affect the value of any Notes issued under the 
Green Finance Framework or any Eligible Green Projects against which the Issuer may assign the proceeds of any Notes.  
Any such Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended 
to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, 
marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. Any such Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not 
a statement of fact. Any such Second Party Opinion is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes. Any such Second Party Opinion is only current as of 
the date that opinion was initially issued and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant provider(s) at any time. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such Second Party Opinion and/or the information 
contained therein and/or the provider of such Second Party Opinion for the purpose of any investment in any Notes. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. There can be no assurance that Noteholders will have any recourse against the provider(s) of any Second Party 
Opinion. 
Listing of Notes on dedicated stock exchange segments or platforms or inclusion in dedicated indices 
In the event that any Series of Notes is listed or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Green Exchange or any other dedicated 
"ESG", "green", "environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated) or included in any index so labelled, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, 
the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such listing, admission or inclusion satisfies, whether in whole or in part, 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any 
investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listing, admission to trading or inclusion in any index 
may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by 
the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing, admission to trading or inclusion in any index 
will be obtained in respect of any Series of Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing, admission to trading or inclusion in any 
index will be maintained during the life of that Series of Notes. 
Summary of potential implications for Noteholders

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Any of the risks mentioned above and in particular (i) the non-compliance of the Notes with any future voluntary or regulatory 
standard for sustainable instruments, (ii) a failure to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any 
Eligible Green Projects, or (iii) the withdrawal of the Sustainalytics Opinion or (iv) the Notes ceasing to be listed, admitted to 
trading on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market or included in any dedicated index may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance similar Eligible 
Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche of Notes 
(the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth 
below (the "Terms and Conditions") as further specified by the Final Terms (the "Final Terms") as described below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms provide for the 
Issuer to choose between the following Options: 
− 
Option I - Terms and Conditions for Fixed Rate Notes and Non-interest Bearing Notes; and 
− 
Option II - Terms and Conditions for Floating Rate Notes. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
− 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option 
II, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by 
replicating the relevant provisions and completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
as set out in the Base Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and 
Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, which will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the 
relevant Tranche. This type of documentation of the Conditions will be required where the Notes are publicly offered, in 
whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors. 
− 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective further options 
contained in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the individual issue by referring to the relevant provisions 
of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus only. The Final Terms will specify that the 
information contained in Part I of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base 
Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note representing a particular Tranche of Notes 
will have the information contained in Part I of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out 
in the Base Prospectus attached. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes. Each 
of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also certain further options (characterized by indicating 
the respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square brackets 
within the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus) as well as placeholders 
(characterized by square brackets which include the relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the relevant provisions 
in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as 
set out in the Base Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not refer to an alternative or optional provision or such alternative or 
optional provision is not replicated therein it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions will be 
completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, taken together, shall 
constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information 
contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions and any 
footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
Controlling Language 
As to the controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
- 
in the case of Notes (i) offered to the public, in whole or in part, in Germany, or (ii) initially distributed, in whole or 
in part, to non-qualified investors in Germany, German will be the controlling language. If, in the event of such 
offers to the public or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, English is chosen as the controlling language, 
a German language translation of the Conditions will be available from the principal offices of the Fiscal Agent and 
the Issuer, as specified on the back cover of this Base Prospectus. 
- 
in other cases the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language in the Conditions.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
Anleihebedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
 
 
Deutsche Fassung der Anleihebedingungen 
English language version 
 
 
Die Anleihebedingungen für die Schuldverschreibungen 
(die "Anleihebedingungen") sind nachfolgend in zwei 
Optionen aufgeführt: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and 
Conditions") are set forth below for two options: 
 
 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der 
auf Serien von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung 
sowie 
Serien 
von 
unverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet. 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that 
applies to Series of Notes with fixed interest rates and 
Series of non-interest bearing Notes. 
 
 
Option II umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der 
auf Serien von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that 
applies to Series of Notes with floating interest rates. 
 
 
Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede dieser 
Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die 
entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die jeweilige 
optionale 
Bestimmung 
durch 
Instruktionen 
und 
Erklärungen entweder links von dem Satz der 
Anleihebedingungen 
oder 
in 
eckigen 
Klammern 
innerhalb des Satzes der Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet 
wird. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these 
Options contains certain further options, which are 
characterised accordingly by indicating the respective 
optional provision through instructions and explanatory 
notes set out either on the right of, or in square brackets 
within, the set of Terms and Conditions. 
 
 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin 
festlegen, welche der Option I oder Option II 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten 
weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
Anwendung 
findet, 
indem 
entweder die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt werden 
oder auf die betreffenden Optionen verwiesen wird. 
In the Final Terms, the Issuer will determine whether 
Option I or Option II including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, shall apply with respect 
to an individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the 
relevant provisions or by referring to the relevant options. 
 
 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des 
Basisprospektes 
keine 
Kenntnis 
von 
bestimmten 
Angaben hat, die auf eine einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält dieser 
Basisprospekt Leerstellen in eckigen Klammern, die die 
maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu 
vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
To the extent that upon the approval of the Base 
Prospectus the Issuer has no knowledge of certain items 
which are applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this 
Base Prospectus contains placeholders set out in square 
brackets which include the relevant items that will be 
completed by the Final Terms. 
 
Im Fall, dass 
die Endgülti-
gen Be-
dingungen, 
die für eine 
einzelne 
Emission an-
wendbar 
sind, nur auf 
die weiteren 
Optionen 
verweisen, 
die im Satz 
der Anleihe-
bedingungen 
der Option I 
oder Option 
II enthalten 
sind, ist fol-
gendes 
anwendbar: 
Die Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen gelten 
für diese Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch die 
Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen Bedingungen (die 
"Endgültigen Bedingungen") vervollständigt werden. 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen 
gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in 
den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben 
ausgefüllt 
wären; 
alternative 
oder 
wählbare 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen, 
deren 
Entsprechungen in den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht 
ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als aus diesen 
Anleihebedingungen gestrichen; sämtliche auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen 
(einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und der 
Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
gestrichen, 
so 
dass 
die 
Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen Geltung 
erhalten. Kopien der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind 
kostenlos bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle erhältlich; bei nicht auf Veranlassung der 
Emittentin 
an 
einer 
Börse 
notierten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien der betreffenden 
Endgültigen Bedingungen allerdings ausschließlich für 
die Anleihegläubiger solcher Schuldverschreibungen 
erhältlich. 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply to 
the Notes as completed by the terms of the final terms 
which are attached hereto (the "Final Terms"). The 
blanks in the provisions of these Terms and Conditions 
which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be 
completed by the information contained in the Final 
Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks 
of such provisions; alternative or optional provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions as to which the 
corresponding provisions of the Final Terms are not 
completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted 
from these Terms and Conditions; all provisions of these 
Terms and Conditions which are inapplicable to the 
Notes (including instructions, explanatory notes and text 
set out in square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted 
from these Terms and Conditions, as required to give 
effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the Final 
Terms may be obtained free of charge at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent provided that, in the case of 
Notes which are not listed on any stock exchange at the 
initiative of the Issuer, copies of the relevant Final Terms 
will only be available to the Noteholders of such Notes. 
In the case 
the Final 
Terms 
applicable to 
an individual 
issue only 
refer to the 
further 
options 
contained in 
the set of 
Terms and 
Conditions 
for Option I 
or Option II 
the following 
applies:

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
OPTION I 
Anleihebedingungen für  
festverzinsliche und unverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
OPTION I 
Terms and Conditions that apply to  
Fixed Rate Notes and Non-interest 
Bearing Notes 
 
 
§ 1 
Währung, Festgelegte Stückelung, Form 
§ 1 
Currency, Specified Denomination, Form 
 
 
(a) 
Währung; 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung.  Die 
Schaeffler 
AG, 
Herzogenaurach 
(die 
"Emittentin") begibt Schuldverschreibungen 
(die "Schuldverschreibungen") in [Festgelegte 
Währung] (die "Festgelegte Währung") im 
Gesamtnennbetrag von [Festgelegte Währung] 
[Betrag], eingeteilt in Schuldverschreibungen in 
der festgelegten Stückelung von je [Festgelegte 
Währung] 
[Betrag] 
(die 
"Festgelegte 
Stückelung").  
(a) 
Currency; Specified Denomination.  The Notes 
are issued by Schaeffler AG, Herzogenaurach 
(the "Issuer") in [Specified Currency] (the 
"Specified Currency"), in the aggregate 
principal amount of [Specified Currency] 
[amount], divided into notes in the specified 
denomination of [Specified Currency] [amount] 
(the "Specified Denomination") each (the 
"Notes").  
 
 
(b) 
Form.  Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber. 
(b) 
Form.  The Notes are issued in bearer form. 
 
 
(c) 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch.  Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind zunächst in einer 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde (die "Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
[im 
Fall 
von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: ohne Zinsscheine] verbrieft. 
(c) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange.  The 
Notes are initially represented by a temporary 
global Note (the "Temporary Global Note") 
[in the case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: 
without interest coupons]. 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird insgesamt 
oder teilweise und unentgeltlich am oder nach 
dem Tag, der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
frühestens jedoch 40 Tage nach dem Tag des 
Beginns des Angebots liegt, gegen Nachweis 
über das Nichtbestehen wirtschaftlichen U.S.-
Eigentums im Sinne des U.S.-Rechts (non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership) in der in der Vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde vorgesehenen Form, für den 
Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen gegen eine 
dauerhafte 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauer-
Globalurkunde") 
(die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde und die Dauer-Globalurkunde 
jeweils auch eine "Globalurkunde") [im Fall 
von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: ohne Zinsscheine] ausgetauscht. Ein 
Recht der Anleihegläubiger (wie nachstehend 
definiert) auf Ausgabe und Lieferung von 
Einzelurkunden [im Fall von festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
oder 
Zinsscheinen] besteht nicht. 
The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part and free of 
charge, on or after the day that is 40 days after 
the later of the commencement of the offering 
and the date of issue of the Notes for a 
permanent global Note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") (the Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note, each a "Global 
Note") [in the case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: 
without interest coupons] upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set 
out in the Temporary Global Note. The right of 
the Noteholders (as defined below) to require 
the issue and delivery of definitive notes [in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: or interest 
coupons] is excluded. 
 
 
(d) 
Clearingsystem.  Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde 
und die Dauer-Globalurkunde werden solange 
von einem Clearingsystem oder im Auftrag 
eines Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis sämtliche 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(d) 
Clearing System.  Each of the Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global Note 
will be held in custody by or on behalf of a 
Clearing System until all obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
 
 
"Clearingsystem" bezeichnet [bei mehr als 
einem 
Clearing 
System 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: jeweils] folgendes: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
("Clearstream, 
Frankfurt")] 
[,] 
[und] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum 
Luxemburg, ("Clearstream, Luxemburg")] 
[und] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du 
Roi 
Albert 
II, 
1210 
Brüssel, 
Belgien, 
("Euroclear")] [(Clearstream, Luxemburg und 
Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen 
die "ICSDs")] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [if more than one 
Clearing System the following applies: each 
of] the following: [Clearstream Banking AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany 
("Clearstream, 
Frankfurt")] [,] [and] [Clearstream Banking 
S.A., 
42 
Avenue 
JF 
Kennedy, 
1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg")] 
[and] 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert 
II, 
1210 
Brussels, 
Belgium, 
("Euroclear")] [(Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the 
"ICSDs")] and any successor in such capacity.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schrei-
bungen, die 
in Form 
einer 
Classical 
Global Note 
ausgegeben 
werden, gilt 
folgendes: 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauer-
Globalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschriften 
von 
zwei 
Vertretungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie 
die 
eigenhändige 
Unterschrift 
eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten der Emissionsstelle. 
The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall each bear the manual 
signatures of two duly authorised officers of the 
Issuer as well as the manual signature of an 
authentication officer of the Fiscal Agent. 
In the case of 
Notes in-
tended to be 
issued in the 
Classical 
Global Note 
form, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schrei-
bungen, die 
in Form 
einer New 
Global Note 
ausgegeben 
werden, gilt 
folgendes: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer New Global Note ("NGN") ausgegeben 
und 
von 
einem 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer (common safekeeper) im 
Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
In the case of 
Notes in-
tended to be 
issued in the 
New Global 
Note form, 
the following 
applies: 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschrei-
bungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern 
beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die 
Register der ICSDs (unter denen man die 
Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine 
Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesen 
Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte 
Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in 
the records of both ICSDs. The records of the 
ICSDs (which expression means the records that 
each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect 
the amount of such customers' interest in the 
Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
Notes 
represented by the Global Note and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating 
the principal amount of Notes so represented at 
any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
Bei 
Rückzahlung 
[im 
Fall 
von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: oder einer Zinszahlung] bezüglich 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung, 
Zahlung 
bzw. 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro 
rata in die Register der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden und dass nach dieser Eintragung vom 
Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der 
ICSDs 
aufgenommenen 
und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag 
der zurückgezahlten bzw. gekauften und 
entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen 
wird. 
On any redemption [in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes insert: or interest] being made in respect 
of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of the 
Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer 
shall procure that details of such redemption, 
payment or purchase and cancellation (as the 
case may be) in respect of the Global Note shall 
be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being made, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the ICSDs and 
represented by the Global Note shall be reduced 
by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. 
 
 
Bei Austausch eines Anteils von ausschließlich 
durch 
eine 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen wird die 
Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses 
Austauschs 
pro 
rata 
in 
die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs aufgenommen 
werden. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such 
exchange shall be entered pro rata in the records 
of the ICSDs. 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauer-
Globalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschriften 
von 
zwei 
Vertretungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie 
die 
eigenhändige 
Unterschrift 
eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten der Emissionsstelle und 
die 
eigenhändige 
Unterschrift 
eines 
bevollmächtigten Vertreters des gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers.  
The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall each bear the manual 
signatures of two duly authorised officers of the 
Issuer as well as the manual signature of an 
authentication officer of the Fiscal Agent and 
the manual signature of an authorised officer of 
the common safekeeper.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
(e) 
Anleihegläubiger.  Den 
Inhabern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen ("Anleihegläubiger") 
stehen Miteigentumsanteile oder vergleichbare 
andere Rechte an der Globalurkunde zu, die 
gemäß 
anwendbarem 
Recht 
und 
den 
Bestimmungen und Regeln des Clearingsystems 
übertragen werden können. 
(e) 
Noteholders.  The 
holders 
of 
Notes 
("Noteholders") are entitled to co-ownership 
participations or other comparable rights in the 
Global Note, which are transferable in 
accordance with applicable laws and the rules 
and regulations of the Clearing System. 
 
 
§ 2 
Status und Negativerklärung 
§ 2 
Status and Negative Pledge 
 
(a) 
Status.  Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen 
nicht 
besicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
untereinander und mit allen anderen nicht 
besicherten 
und 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin zumindest 
gleichrangig sind, soweit zwingende gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen nichts anderes vorschreiben. 
(a) 
Status.  The obligations under the Notes 
constitute 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu 
among themselves and at least pari passu with 
all 
other 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, save for any 
obligations required to be preferred by law. 
 
(b) 
Negativerklärung.  Die Emittentin verpflichtet 
sich, solange Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, 
jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle 
Beträge 
an 
Kapital 
[im 
Fall 
von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: und Zinsen] der Emissionsstelle zur 
Verfügung 
gestellt 
worden 
sind, 
für 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen kein 
dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht 
("Sicherungsrecht") am eigenen Vermögen zu 
bestellen, ohne die Anleihegläubiger zur 
gleichen Zeit und im gleichen Rang an einem 
solchen Sicherungsrecht teilhaben zu lassen, mit 
der Maßgabe, dass diese Verpflichtung keine 
Anwendung 
findet, 
falls 
die 
Emittentin 
Sicherungsrechte, die nach anwendbarem Recht 
zwingend 
vorgeschrieben 
sind 
oder 
Voraussetzung für die Gewährung staatlicher 
Genehmigungen sind, bestellt, übernimmt oder 
bestehen lässt. 
(b) 
Negative pledge.  The Issuer undertakes, as long 
as Notes are outstanding but only up to the time 
all amounts of principal [in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes insert: and interest] have been 
provided to the Fiscal Agent, not to provide after 
the issue date of the Notes any security interest 
in rem ("Security Interest") upon its assets for 
any Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined 
below) without at the same time letting the 
Noteholders share pari passu in such Security 
Interest; 
provided, 
however, 
that 
this 
undertaking shall not be applicable in the event 
the Issuer shall create, assume or permit to exist 
any Security Interest which is mandatory 
according to applicable laws or required as 
prerequisite for governmental approvals. 
 
 
In Bezug auf von der Emittentin begebene asset-
backed Emissionen (i) findet die Verpflichtung 
nach dem ersten Satz dieses § 2(b) keine 
Anwendung auf ein Sicherungsrecht, das im 
Zusammenhang mit einer solchen asset-backed 
Emission bestellt wird, und (ii) schließen die im 
ersten Satz dieses § 2(b) benutzten Worte 
"Vermögen" und "Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" 
nicht 
Vermögensgegenstände 
und 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
ein, die im Einklang mit den Gesetzen und den 
International Financial Reporting Standards, 
wie sie in der EU anzuwenden sind, ("IFRS") 
nicht in der Bilanz der Emittentin ausgewiesen 
werden 
müssen 
und 
darin 
auch 
nicht 
ausgewiesen werden.  
In respect of asset-backed securitizations 
originated by the Issuer, (i) the undertaking 
pursuant to first sentence of this § 2(b) will not 
apply to any Security Interest which is granted 
in connection with any such asset-backed 
securitization, and (ii) the expressions "assets" 
and "Capital Market Indebtedness" as used in 
the first sentence of this § 2(b) do not include 
assets and Capital Market Indebtedness of the 
Issuer which, pursuant to the requirements of 
law and International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union 
("IFRS"), need not, and are not, reflected in the 
Issuer's balance sheet. 
 
 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten" bezeichnet 
jede 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Rückzahlung 
aufgenommer Gelder in der Form von oder 
verbrieft durch Schuldverschreibungen oder 
ähnliche(n) 
Wertpapiere(n) 
mit 
einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem 
Jahr, die an einer Wertpapierbörse oder in einem 
over-the-counter 
Wertpapiermarkt 
notiert, 
eingeführt oder gehandelt werden oder dort 
notiert, eingeführt oder gehandelt werden 
können 
oder 
die 
anderweitig 
öffentlich 
gehandelt werden oder gehandelt werden sollen. 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" shall mean 
any obligation for the repayment of borrowed 
money in the form of or represented by bonds, 
notes, debentures or any similar securities which 
are or are capable of being quoted, listed or 
traded on any stock exchange or over-the-
counter securities market or which are otherwise 
publicly traded or intended to be publicly traded, 
having an original maturity of more than one 
year.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
[Im 
Falle 
von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
[In the case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: 
 
 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
§ 3 
Interest 
 
 
(a) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage.  Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf 
ihre 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
Endfälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) verzinst. 
(a) 
Rate 
of 
interest 
and 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates.  The Notes bear interest on their 
Specified Denomination from and including 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] (the 
"Interest Commencement Date") to but 
excluding the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden mit jährlich 
[Zinssatz einfügen] % verzinst. Die Zinsen sind 
nachträglich an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
The Notes bear interest at the rate of [insert rate 
of interest] per cent. per annum, such interest 
being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date. 
 
 
"Zinszahlungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[Zinszahlungstag(e) einfügen] eines jeden 
Jahres, erstmals den [ersten Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen]. 
"Interest Payment Date" means [insert Interest 
Payment Date(s)] in each year, commencing on 
[insert first Interest Payment Date]. 
 
Im Falle 
einer kurzen 
oder langen 
ersten Zins-
periode gilt 
folgendes: 
Die erste Zinszahlung beläuft sich auf 
[anfänglichen 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
je 
Festgelegter 
Stückelung 
einfügen] 
je 
Festgelegter Stückelung. 
The first payment of interest will amount to 
[insert initial Broken Interest Amount per 
Specified 
Denomination] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination.  
In case of a 
short or long 
first coupon 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Sofern der 
Endfällig-
keitstag kein 
Zinszah-
lungstag ist, 
gilt folgen-
des: 
Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum ab dem [den letzten 
dem 
Endfälligkeitstag 
vorausgehenden 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen] (einschließlich) bis 
zum Endfälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) belaufen 
sich auf [abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
Festgelegter 
Stückelung 
einfügen] 
je 
Festgelegter Stückelung und sind nachträglich 
am Endfälligkeitstag zahlbar. 
Interest in respect of the period from and 
including 
[insert 
Interest Payment 
Date 
preceding the Maturity Date] to but excluding 
the Maturity Date will amount to [insert final 
Broken 
Interest 
Amount 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] per Specified Denomination, 
such interest being payable in arrear on the 
Maturity Date. 
If the Ma-
turity Date is 
not an 
Interest 
Payment 
Date, the 
following 
applies: 
 
(b) 
Zinstagequotient.  Zinsen für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum (ausgenommen ist ein etwaiger 
Zeitraum, für den ein Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
festgelegt ist) werden auf der Grundlage des 
Zinstagequotienten berechnet. 
(b) 
Day Count Fraction.  If interest is required to be 
calculated for any period of time (other than any 
period of time for which a broken interest 
amount has been fixed), such interest shall be 
calculated on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction. 
 
 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet 
bei 
der 
Berechnung 
des 
Zinsbetrages 
für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the 
calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"): 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
Actual 
(ICMA)" 
Methode an-
wendbar ist, 
gilt folgen-
des: 
(i) 
wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
der Feststellungsperiode entspricht, in 
die er fällt, oder kürzer als diese ist, die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch das Produkt aus (A) der Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
der 
betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode 
und 
(B) 
der 
Anzahl der Feststellungsperioden, die 
üblicherweise in einem Jahr enden; und 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (A) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and 
(B) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; 
and 
If "Actual / 
Actual 
(ICMA)" 
applies, the 
following 
applies: 
(ii) 
wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
länger als eine Feststellungsperiode ist, 
die Summe aus 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than 
one Determination Period, the sum of: 
 
(A) 
der Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die 
in die Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
der 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, dividiert durch das 
Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl 
der Tage in der betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) 
(A) 
the number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling in 
the Determination Period in 
which the Calculation Period 
begins divided by the product 
of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period 
and 
(2) 
the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods

--- Page 37 ---
37 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperioden, 
die 
üblicherweise in einem Jahr 
enden; und 
normally ending in any year; 
and 
 
(B) 
die Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die 
in 
die 
nachfolgende 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
dividiert durch das Produkt 
aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in 
der 
betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperioden, 
die 
üblicherweise in einem Jahr 
enden. 
(B) 
the number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling in 
the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in 
any year 
 
 
Dabei gilt folgendes: 
Where: 
 
 
"Feststellungstermin" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
[Feststellungstermin(e) 
einfügen];  
"Determination Date" means each 
[insert Determination Date(s)]; 
 
 
"Feststellungsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
Zeitraum 
ab 
einem 
Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich), 
der in ein beliebiges Jahr fällt, bis zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich). 
"Determination Period" means each 
period 
from 
and 
including 
a 
Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date. 
 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
Actual 
(ISDA)" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
(oder, 
falls 
ein 
Teil 
dieses 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein Schaltjahr 
fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in das Schaltjahr 
fallen, dividiert durch 366 und (B) die 
tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage in dem Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in ein 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365). 
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period not 
falling in a leap year divided by 365). 
If "Actual / 
Actual 
(ISDA)" 
applies, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
365 (Fixed)" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365. 
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365. 
If "Actual / 
365 (Fixed)" 
applies, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
360" Me-
thode an-
wendbar ist, 
gilt folgen-
des: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360. 
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360. 
If "Actual / 
360" applies, 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"30 / 
360"oder 
"360 / 360" 
oder Bond 
Basis Me-
thode an-
wendbar ist, 
gilt folgen-
des: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, 
(wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf Grundlage eines 
Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten je 
30 Tagen zu berechnen ist, (es sei denn, (A) der 
letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt 
auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste 
Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf 
den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt; 
in diesem Fall ist der Monat des letzten Tages 
the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months (unless (A) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but 
the first day of the Calculation Period is a day 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day 
shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-
day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation 
If "30 / 360" 
or "360 / 
360" or 
Bond Basis 
applies, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 38 ---
38 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums nicht als ein auf 
30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln; oder 
(B) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten 
Tag des Monats Februar; in diesem Fall ist der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln). 
Period is the last day of the month of February, 
in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"30E / 360" 
oder "Euro-
bond Basis" 
Methode an-
wendbar ist, 
gilt folgen-
des: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360 
(dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage 
eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 
30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes). 
the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months, without regard to the date of 
the first day or last day of the Calculation 
Period). 
If "30E / 
360" or 
"Eurobond 
Basis" 
applies, the 
following 
applies: 
 
(c) 
Ende 
des 
Zinslaufs.  Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet an dem Ende des 
Tages, der dem Tag vorausgeht, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht 
zurückzahlt, 
endet 
die 
Verzinsung 
des 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht am Tag vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag, sondern erst an dem Ende des 
Tages, 
der 
dem 
Tag 
der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorausgeht. Der jeweils geltende Zinssatz wird 
gemäß diesem § 3 bestimmt. Weitergehende 
Ansprüche 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
bleiben 
unberührt.] 
(c) 
Cessation of Interest Accrual.  The Notes shall 
cease to bear interest from the end of the day 
preceding their due date for redemption. If the 
Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest shall continue to accrue on the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes 
beyond the due date until the end of the day 
preceding the actual redemption of the Notes. 
The applicable rate of interest will be 
determined in accordance with this § 3. This 
does not affect any additional rights that might 
be available to the Noteholders.] 
 
 
[Im 
Falle 
von 
unverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
[In the case of Non-interest Bearing Notes insert: 
 
 
§ 3 
Keine Zinsen 
§ 3 
No Interest 
 
 
(a) 
Auf die Schuldverschreibungen werden keine 
periodischen Zinszahlungen geleistet. 
(a) 
There will not be any periodic payments of 
interest on the Notes. 
 
 
(b) 
Sollte die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen 
bei Fälligkeit nicht zurückzahlen, fallen ab dem 
Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen zur 
Rückzahlung fällig wurden (einschließlich) bis 
zu dem Tag der tatsächlichen Zahlung an das 
Clearing System (ausschließlich) auf den 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen Zinsen in Höhe des 
gesetzlichen Verzugszinssatzes an.] 
(b) 
If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, 
default interest shall accrue on the outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes from and 
including the date on which the Notes fell due 
for redemption to but excluding the date of 
actual payment to the Clearing System at the 
statutory default interest rate.] 
 
 
§ 4 
Rückzahlung 
§ 4 
Redemption 
 
 
(a) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit.  Soweit nicht 
zuvor 
bereits 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und eingezogen, 
werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrer 
Festgelegten Stückelung am [Endfälligkeitstag 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Endfälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt.  
(a) 
Redemption at maturity.  To the extent not 
previously redeemed in whole or in part, or 
purchased and cancelled the Notes shall be 
redeemed at their Specified Denomination on 
[insert Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date").  
 
 
(b) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung wegen des Eintritts 
eines Gross-up-Ereignisses. 
(b) 
Early redemption following a Gross up Event. 
 
 
Sofern ein Gross-up-Ereignis (wie nachstehend 
definiert) eintritt, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
die Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht nur teilweise) durch Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß § 4(d) jederzeit mit Wirkung zu dem in 
der 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) 
festgelegten Kündigungstag zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn die Emittentin 
ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß § 4(b) Satz 1 
If a Gross up Event (as defined below) occurs, 
the Issuer may, upon giving a notice of 
redemption in accordance with § 4(d), call the 
Notes for early redemption (in whole but not in 
part) at any time with effect on the redemption 
date specified in the notice in accordance with 
§ 4(d). If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with sentence 1 of § 4(b), the Issuer 
shall redeem each Note at its Specified

--- Page 39 ---
39 
ausübt, ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
an 
dem 
in 
der 
Bekanntmachung festgelegten Kündigungstag 
zu ihrer Festgelegten Stückelung [im Fall von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: zuzüglich der bis zum festgelegten 
Kündigungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen] zurückzuzahlen. 
Denomination on the redemption date specified 
in the notice [in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
insert: together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the redemption date specified in the 
notice]. 
 
Eine solche Kündigungserklärung darf nicht 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem Tag erfolgen, an dem 
die Emittentin erstmals verpflichtet wäre, 
Zusätzliche Beträge (wie in § 6 definiert) zu 
zahlen. 
No such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be for the first time 
obliged to pay any Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 6). 
 
Ein "Gross-up-Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn der 
Emittentin ein Gutachten einer anerkannten 
Anwaltskanzlei vorliegt (und die Emittentin der 
Emissionsstelle eine Kopie davon gibt), aus dem 
hervorgeht, dass die Emittentin aufgrund einer 
an oder nach dem Tag der Begebung der ersten 
Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen in Kraft 
tretenden Änderung oder Klarstellung der 
Gesetze, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
sonstigen 
Vorschriften des Staats, in dem die Emittentin 
steuerlich 
ansässig 
ist, 
einer 
seiner 
Gebietskörperschaften oder einer seiner zur 
Erhebung von Steuern berechtigten Behörden 
oder sonstigen Stellen (einschließlich des 
Falles, dass die betreffende Änderung oder 
Klarstellung rückwirkend Anwendung findet), 
oder aufgrund einer Änderung der Auslegung 
oder 
Anwendung, 
oder 
aufgrund 
einer 
erstmaligen Auslegung oder Anwendung dieser 
Gesetze, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
sonstigen 
Vorschriften 
durch 
eine 
gesetzgebende 
Körperschaft, ein Gericht oder eine Behörde 
(einschließlich des Erlasses von Gesetzen sowie 
der Bekanntmachung von Entscheidungen eines 
Gerichts oder einer Behörde) verpflichtet ist 
oder verpflichtet sein wird, Zusätzliche Beträge 
gemäß § 6 auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlen, und die Emittentin diese Verpflichtung 
nicht abwenden kann, indem sie Maßnahmen 
ergreift, die sie nach Treu und Glauben für 
zumutbar und angemessen hält. 
A "Gross up Event" will occur if an opinion of 
a recognised law firm has been delivered to the 
Issuer (and the Issuer has provided the Fiscal 
Agent with a copy thereof) stating that, as a 
result of any change in, or amendment or 
clarification to, the laws, regulations or other 
rules of the Issuer's country of domicile for tax 
purposes, any of its political subdivisions or any 
authority or any other agency of or in such 
country having power to tax (including in case 
any such change, amendment or clarification 
has retroactive effect), or as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarification to, the 
interpretation or application, or as a result of any 
interpretation or application made for the first 
time, of any such laws, regulations or other rules 
by any legislative body, court or authority 
(including the enactment of any legislation and 
the publication of any decision of any court or 
authority), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of 
the first tranche of the Notes, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay Additional Amounts 
pursuant to § 6 on the Notes, and that obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking such 
measures it (acting in good faith) deems 
reasonable and appropriate. 
 
(c) 
[Keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin] [Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin].  
(c) 
[No early redemption at the option of the Issuer] 
[Early redemption at the option of the Issuer].  
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
kein Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
§ 4(c) vorzei-
tig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vor 
dem 
Endfälligkeitstag zurückzuzahlen, außer nach 
Maßgabe von § 4(b). 
The Issuer is not entitled to call the Notes prior 
to the Maturity Date, otherwise than provided in 
§ 4(b). 
If Notes are 
not subject 
to early 
redemption 
pursuant to 
§ 4(c), the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
eigener 
Wahl zum 
Make-Whole 
Rückzah-
lungsbetrag 
vorzeitig 
[(i)] 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt 
und 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
jederzeit mit Wirkung zu dem in der 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
festgelegten 
Kündigungstag 
zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu kündigen. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
Kündigungsrecht gemäß § 4(c)[(i)] 
Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, jede Schuldverschreibung 
[(i)] 
The Issuer may, upon giving a notice of 
redemption in accordance with § 4(d), 
call the Notes for early redemption (in 
whole but not in part) at any time with 
effect on the redemption date specified 
in the notice in accordance with § 4(d). 
If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance 
with 
sentence 
1 
of 
§ 4(c)[(i)], the Issuer shall redeem each 
Note at its Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount on the redemption date 
specified in the notice in accordance 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early 
redemption 
at the option 
of the Issuer 
at the Make-
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 40 ---
40 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
an dem in der Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag zu ihrem Make-
Whole Rückzahlungsbetrag [im Fall 
von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
zuzüglich 
der 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen] 
zurückzuzahlen. 
with § 4(d) [in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes insert: together with interest 
accrued 
to 
but 
excluding 
the 
redemption date specified in the notice 
in accordance with § 4(d)]. 
 
Der "Make-Whole Rückzahlungs-
betrag" 
je 
Schuldverschreibung 
entspricht dem höheren von: 
The 
"Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Amount" per Note shall be the higher 
of: 
 
 
(i) 
der Festgelegten Stückelung; 
oder 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination; 
or 
 
 
(ii) 
dem Abgezinsten Marktwert. 
(ii) the Present Value. 
 
 
Der Make-Whole Rückzahlungsbetrag 
wird 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
berechnet. 
The Make-Whole Redemption Amount 
shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent. 
 
 
Der 
"Abgezinste 
Marktwert" 
entspricht 
[im 
Fall 
von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
der Summe aus] 
The "Present Value" will be [in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: the 
sum of] 
 
 
[(a)] 
dem auf den Rückzahlungstag 
abgezinsten 
Wert 
des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibung, 
der 
ansonsten am Fälligkeitstag 
fällig werden würde[; und][.] 
[(a)] 
the Specified Denomination 
to be redeemed which would 
otherwise become due on the 
Maturity Date, discounted to 
the redemption date[; and][.] 
 
 
[im 
Fall 
von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
[in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
insert: 
 
 
(b) 
den 
jeweils 
auf 
den 
Rückzahlungstag abgezinsten 
Werten 
der 
verbleibenden 
Zinszahlungen, die ansonsten 
an jedem Zinszahlungstag 
nach dem Rückzahlungstag 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(einschließlich) fällig werden 
würden 
(ausschließlich 
etwaiger, 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen).] 
(b) 
the 
remaining 
interest 
payments 
which 
would 
otherwise become due on each 
Interest Payment Date falling 
after the redemption date to 
and including the Maturity 
Date (excluding any interest 
accrued to but excluding the 
redemption 
date), 
each 
discounted to the redemption 
date.] 
 
 
Die Berechnungsstelle errechnet den 
Abgezinsten Marktwert gemäß der 
Marktkonvention 
[im 
Fall 
von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
auf 
einer 
Grundlage, 
die 
der 
Berechnung von Zinsen gemäß § 3 
entspricht] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
unverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
unter 
Verwendung 
einer 
Zinsberechnungsgrundlage, 
die 
für 
eine in dieser Währung begebene 
festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibung 
üblich 
wäre], 
wobei 
sie 
die 
Benchmark-Rendite 
zuzüglich 
[Prozentsatz einfügen] % zugrunde 
legt. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate 
the Present Value in accordance with 
market convention [in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes insert: on a basis 
which is consistent with the calculation 
of interest as set out in § 3] [in the case 
of Non-interest Bearing Notes insert: 
using a day count basis as would be 
customary for a fixed rate note issued 
in 
such 
currency], 
using 
the 
Benchmark 
Yield 
plus 
[insert 
percentage] %. 
 
 
Die "Benchmark-Rendite" bezeichnet 
die am Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag 
bestehende 
Rendite 
der 
entsprechenden 
[einfügen: 
[Euro-
The "Benchmark Yield" means the 
yield at the Redemption Calculation 
Date of the corresponding [insert [euro 
denominated benchmark debt security

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Referenz-Anleihe der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland] 
[andere 
Referenzanleihe] 
unter 
Angabe 
folgender Einzelheiten: ISIN oder 
andere Wertpapierkennung, wie gegen 
12:00 Uhr mittags [(Frankfurter Zeit)] 
[andere relevante Zeitzone] an diesem 
Tag auf der Bloomberg Seite [ISIN] 
Govt 
HP 
(unter 
Nutzung 
der 
Einstellung "Last Yield to Convention" 
und der Preisquelle ["FRNK"] [andere 
relevante 
Preisquelle]) 
abgelesen, 
oder wie von einer anderen, durch die 
Berechnungsstelle festgelegten, Quelle 
hergeleitet oder veröffentlicht] oder 
sollte die Rendite zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
nicht verfügbar sein, bezeichnet die 
Benchmark-Rendite eine ersetzende 
Referenzanleihe, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle festgesetzt wird, die 
jeweils mit einer Laufzeit, die mit der 
verbleibenden 
Restlaufzeit 
der 
Schuldverschreibung 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag vergleichbar ist, und die 
im 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Auswahlentscheidung 
und 
entsprechend 
der 
üblichen 
Finanzmarktpraxis 
zur 
Preisbestimmung bei Neuemissionen 
von Unternehmensanleihen mit einer 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
der 
Schuldverschreibung 
vergleichbaren 
Laufzeit verwendet werden würde. 
of the Federal Republic of Germany] 
[other relevant benchmark] specifying 
the following details: ISIN or other 
securities code, as observed at around 
noon [(Frankfurt time)] [other relevant 
time] on such date on Bloomberg page 
[ISIN] Govt HP (using the setting "Last 
Yield to Convention" and using the 
pricing source ["FRNK"] [other source 
as relevant]), or as derived or 
published by such other source as 
determined by the Calculation Agent], 
and if such yield is not available at that 
time the Benchmark Yield shall be the 
yield of a substitute benchmark 
security chosen by the Calculation 
Agent, in each case as having a 
maturity comparable to the remaining 
term of the Note to the Maturity Date, 
that would be used at the time of 
selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities 
of comparable maturity to the Maturity 
Date. 
 
"Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag" ist 
der sechste Geschäftstag vor dem Tag, 
an dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß diesem § 4(c)(i) zurückgezahlt 
werden. 
"Redemption 
Calculation 
Date" 
means the sixth Business Day prior to 
the date on which the Notes are 
redeemed in accordance with this 
§ 4(c)(i). 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
eigener 
Wahl an 
Call-Rück-
zahlungs-
tag(e) 
vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
[(ii)] 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt 
und 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
mit Wirkung zu dem / den Call-
Rückzahlungstag(en) zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn die 
Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß 
§ 4(c)[(ii)] Satz 1 ausübt, ist die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung an dem in der 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
festgelegten Call-Rückzahlungstag zu 
ihrem 
jeweiligen 
Call-
Rückzahlungsbetrag [im Fall von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
zuzüglich der bis zu dem in der 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
festgelegten 
Call-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen] 
zurückzuzahlen. 
[(ii)] 
The Issuer may, upon giving a notice of 
redemption in accordance with § 4(d), 
call the Notes for early redemption (in 
whole but not in part) with effect on the 
Call Redemption Date(s). If the Issuer 
exercises its call right in accordance 
with sentence 1 of § 4(c)[(ii)], the 
Issuer shall redeem each Note at its 
Call Redemption Amount on the Call 
Redemption Date specified in the 
notice in accordance with § 4(d) [in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: 
together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the Call Redemption Date 
specified in the notice in accordance 
with § 4(d)]. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early 
redemption 
at the option 
of the Issuer 
on Call 
Redemption 
Date(s), the 
following 
applies: 
 
Call-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
Call-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Call  
Redemption Date(s)  
Call  
Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[Call-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
einfügen] 
[Call-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/ 
beträge einfügen] 
[insert Call Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[insert Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihegläu-
biger eben-
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht nicht 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note which is 
If Notes are 
also subject 
to early

--- Page 42 ---
42 
falls ein 
Recht haben, 
die Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
gilt folgen-
des: 
zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der 
Anleihegläubiger in Ausübung seines 
Rechts gemäß § 4(e) verlangt hat. 
the subject of the prior exercise by the 
Noteholder thereof of its option to 
require the redemption of such Note in 
accordance with § 4(e). 
redemption 
at the option 
of the 
Noteholders, 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen während 
einer Call-
Rückzah-
lungsperiode 
nach eigener 
Wahl vorzei-
tig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
[(iii)] 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt 
und 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
mit 
Wirkung 
zu 
dem 
Call-
Rückzahlungstag 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn die 
Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß 
§ 4(c)[(iii)] Satz 1 ausübt, ist die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung an dem Call-
Rückzahlungstag zu ihrem jeweiligen 
Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag [im Fall von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
zuzüglich der bis zu dem Call-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen] 
zurückzuzahlen.  
[(iii)] 
The Issuer may, upon giving a notice of 
redemption in accordance with § 4(d), 
call the Notes for early redemption (in 
whole but not in part) with effect on the 
Call Redemption Date. If the Issuer 
exercises its call right in accordance 
with sentence 1 of § 4(c)[(iii)], the 
Issuer shall redeem each Note at its 
Call Redemption Amount on the Call 
Redemption Date [in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes insert: together with 
interest accrued to but excluding the 
Call Redemption Date]. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early 
redemption 
at the option 
of the Issuer 
during Call 
Redemption 
Period, the 
following 
applies: 
 
"Call-Rückzahlungstag" bezeichnet 
einen Geschäftstag innerhalb einer 
Call-Rückzahlungsperiode. 
"Call Redemption Date" means each 
Business 
Day 
within 
the 
Call 
Redemption Period(s) as selected by 
the Issuer. 
 
 
Call- 
Rückzahlungsperiode 
Call-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Call Redemption Pe-
riod(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
 
[Call- 
Rückzahlungsperiode 
einfügen] 
[Call-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/ 
beträge einfügen] 
[insert Call Redemption 
Period(s)] 
[insert Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihegläu-
biger eben-
falls ein 
Recht haben, 
die Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
gilt folgen-
des: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht nicht 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der 
Anleihegläubiger in Ausübung seines 
Rechts gemäß § 4(e) verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note which is 
the subject of the prior exercise by the 
Noteholder thereof of its option to 
require the redemption of such Note in 
accordance with § 4(e). 
If Notes are 
also subject 
to early 
redemption 
at the option 
of the 
Noteholders, 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Wahl-
recht hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen vorzeitig 
bei Eintritt 
eines 
transak-
tionsbezoge-
nen 
Ereignisses 
zum Ereig-
nis-Wahl-
rückzah-
lungsbetrag 
zurückzu-
[(iv)] 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt 
oder teilweise) durch eine Transak-
tions-Mitteilung gemäß den nach-
stehend aufgeführten Bedingungen und 
gemäß § 4(d) mit Wirkung zu dem 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu kündigen. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
Kündigungsrecht gemäß § 4(c)[(iv)] 
Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, jede zurückzuzahlende 
Schuldverschreibung an dem Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zum Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag [im Fall 
von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
[(iv)] 
The Issuer may, upon giving a 
Transaction 
Trigger 
Notice 
in 
accordance with the requirements set 
out below and in accordance with 
§ 4(d), call the Notes for early 
redemption (in whole or in part) with 
effect on the Trigger Call Redemption 
Date. If the Issuer exercises its call 
right in accordance with sentence 1 of 
§ 4(c)[(iv)], the Issuer shall redeem 
each Note to be redeemed at the 
Trigger Call Redemption Amount on 
the Trigger Call Redemption Date [in 
the case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: 
together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the Trigger Call Redemption 
Date]. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early 
redemption 
at the option 
of the issuer 
upon occur-
rence of a 
transaction 
related 
event, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 43 ---
43 
zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
zuzüglich der bis zum Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen] 
zurückzuzahlen.  
 
"Transaktion" 
bezeichnet 
[Beschreibung 
der 
geplanten 
Transaktion für deren Finanzierung 
die Schuldverschreibungen begeben 
werden].  
"Transaction" 
means 
[insert 
description of envisaged transaction 
for which the Notes are intended to be 
issued for refinancing purposes]. 
 
 
"Transaktionskündigungsfrist" be-
zeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
[Begebungstag einfügen] bis zum 
[Datum Ende des Zeitraums einfügen]. 
"Transaction Notice Period" means 
the period from [insert issue date] to 
[insert end of period date]. 
 
 
"Transaktions-Mitteilung" 
be-
zeichnet eine Mitteilung der Emittentin 
an die Anleihegläubiger gemäß § 4(d) 
und § 11 innerhalb der Transak-
tionskündigungsfrist, 
dass 
die 
Transaktion vor ihrem Abschluss 
beendet 
wurde 
oder 
dass 
die 
Transaktion aus irgendeinem Grund 
nicht durchgeführt wird oder dass die 
Emittentin öffentlich erklärt hat, dass 
sie nicht länger beabsichtigt, die 
Transaktion 
zu 
verfolgen. 
Die 
Transaktions-Mitteilung hat ferner den 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
zu 
bezeichnen.  
"Transaction Trigger Notice" means 
a notice to the Noteholders given in 
accordance with § 4(d) and § 11 within 
the Transaction Notice Period that the 
Transaction has been terminated prior 
to 
its 
completion 
or 
that 
the 
Transaction will not be settled for any 
reason whatsoever or that the Issuer has 
publicly stated that it no longer intends 
to 
pursue 
the 
Transaction. 
The 
Transaction Trigger Notice shall also 
specify the Trigger Redemption Date.  
 
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht zur 
vorzeitigen 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Eintritt 
eines der oben bezeichneten Ereignisse 
durch Bekanntmachung gemäß § 11 
verzichten. 
At any time the Issuer may waive its 
right to call the Notes for redemption 
following the occurrence of one of the 
events detailed above, by giving notice 
in accordance with § 11. 
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag" bezeichnet [Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag einfügen].  
"Trigger Call Redemption Amount" 
means [insert Trigger Call Redemption 
Amount]. 
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag" 
bezeichnet den in der Transaktions-
Mitteilung 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag. 
"Trigger Call Redemption Date" 
means the redemption date specified in 
the Transaction Trigger Notice. 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihegläu-
biger eben-
falls ein 
Recht haben, 
die Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
gilt folgen-
des: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht nicht 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der 
Anleihegläubiger in Ausübung seines 
Rechts gemäß § 4(e) verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note which is 
the subject of the prior exercise by the 
Noteholder thereof of its option to 
require the redemption of such Note in 
accordance with § 4(e). 
If Notes are 
also subject 
to early 
redemption 
at the option 
of the 
Noteholders, 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen wegen 
eines gerin-
gen 
ausstehen-
den Nennbe-
trags vorzei-
tig 
zurückzu-
[(v)] 
Sofern zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen auf 15 % oder 
weniger des Gesamtnennbetrages der 
Schuldverschreibungen der Serie, die 
ursprünglich 
ausgegeben 
wurden 
(einschließlich 
Schuldverschreibungen, die gemäß 
§ 12 zusätzlich begeben worden sind), 
fällt, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt 
und 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
jederzeit mit Wirkung zu dem in der 
[(v)] 
If at any time the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding is 
equal to or less than 15 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes of the Series originally issued 
(including any Notes additionally 
issued in accordance with § 12), the 
Issuer may, upon giving a notice of 
redemption in accordance with § 4(d), 
call the Notes for early redemption (in 
whole but not in part) at any time with 
effect on the redemption date specified 
in the notice in accordance with § 4(d). 
If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early 
redemption 
at the option 
of the Issuer 
for a mini-
mal out-
standing 
principal 
amount, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 44 ---
44 
zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
festgelegten 
Kündigungstag 
zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu kündigen. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
Kündigungsrecht gemäß § 4(c)[(v)] 
Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, jede Schuldverschreibung 
an dem in der Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag zu ihrer Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
[im 
Fall 
von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
zuzüglich der bis zum festgelegten 
Kündigungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen] 
zurückzuzahlen. 
accordance 
with 
sentence 
1 
of 
§ 4(c)[(v)], the Issuer shall redeem 
each 
Note 
at 
its 
Specified 
Denomination on the redemption date 
specified in the notice [in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes insert: together with 
interest accrued to but excluding the 
redemption date specified in the 
notice]. 
 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
Kündigungserklärung.  Die Emittentin hat die 
Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung gemäß § 4(b) oder 
§ 4(c) 
durch 
Veröffentlichung 
einer 
Bekanntmachung an die Anleihegläubiger 
gemäß § 11 unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 
Tagen zu 
erklären. 
Die Kündigung ist 
unwiderruflich, und in ihr wird bestimmt: 
(d) 
Notice.  The Issuer shall call the Notes for early 
redemption pursuant to § 4(b) or § 4(c) by 
publishing a notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 11 subject to observing a 
notice period of not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify: 
 
 
– 
genaue 
Bezeichnung 
der 
zur 
Rückzahlung 
anstehenden 
Serie, 
einschließlich 
der 
Wertpapierkennungen; 
– 
precise designation of the Series of 
Notes subject to redemption, including 
the securities codes; 
 
 
– 
der betreffende Tag der vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung; [und] 
– 
the 
applicable 
date 
of 
early 
redemption; [and] 
 
 
– 
der betreffende Rückzahlungsbetrag, 
zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zurückgezahlt werden, soweit 
dieser 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
der 
Kündigungserklärung 
schon 
feststeht[.][; und] 
– 
the applicable redemption amount at 
which such Notes are to be redeemed 
early, if such applicable redemption 
amount has already been fixed on the 
date of the publication of the notice[.][; 
and] 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Wahl-
recht hat, die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig bei 
Eintritt eines 
transaktions
bezogenen 
Ereignisses 
zum Ereig-
nis-Wahl-
rückzah-
lungsbetrag 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
– 
eine Erklärung, ob die Schuldver-
schreibungen ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt werden und im letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen. 
– 
whether the Notes will be redeemed in 
whole or in part and, if only in part, the 
aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes which are to be redeemed. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early 
redemption 
at the option 
of the issuer 
upon occur-
rence of a 
transaction 
related 
event, the 
following 
applies: 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise 
zurückgezahlt werden, werden die betreffenden 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
den 
Regeln 
des 
betreffenden Clearingsystems ausgewählt. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the 
relevant Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
in accordance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System.  
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in 
den Registern von Clearstream, Luxemburg und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als 
Pool-Faktor 
oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.] 
[In the case of Notes in NGN form the 
following applies: Such partial redemption 
shall be reflected in the records of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in aggregate principal 
amount, at the discretion of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear.] 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
eigener 
Wahl zum 
Make-Whole 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
am 
Rückzahlungs-
Berechnungstag unmittelbar nach Bestimmung 
des Make-Whole Rückzahlungsbetrags durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
diesen 
den 
Anleihegläubiger durch Veröffentlichung einer 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 11 bekannt zu 
machen. 
The Issuer shall on the Redemption Calculation 
Date immediately after the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount has been fixed by the 
Calculation Agent notify such Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 11. 
 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early 
redemption 
at the option 
of the Issuer 
at the Make-
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount, the

--- Page 45 ---
45 
Rückzah-
lungsbetrag 
vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
following 
applies: 
 
Die Emittentin wird jeder Börse, an der die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf Veranlassung der 
Emittentin notiert sind und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, umgehend 
Mitteilung über die Kündigung machen. 
The Issuer will inform, if required by such stock 
exchange on which the Notes are listed at the 
initiative of the Issuer, such stock exchange as 
soon as possible of such redemption. 
 
 
(e) 
[Keine vorzeitige] [Vorzeitige] Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl des Anleihegläubigers. 
(e) 
[No early] [Early] redemption at the option of a 
Noteholder. 
 
Falls die 
Anleihegläu-
biger kein 
Recht haben, 
die vorzei-
tige Rück-
zahlung der 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen zu 
verlangen, 
gilt folgen-
des: 
Die Anleihegläubiger sind außer in Fällen des 
[falls die Schuldverschreibungen im Fall 
eines Kontrollwechsels vorzeitig kündbar 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: § 4(g) oder 
des] § 8 zu keinem Zeitpunkt berechtigt, von der 
Emittentin eine vorzeitige Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen. 
The Noteholders shall not be entitled to put the 
Notes for redemption otherwise than provided in 
[if the Notes are subject to Early Redemption 
as a result of a Change of Control the 
following applies: § 4(g) and] § 8 at any time. 
If Notes are 
not subject 
to early 
redemption 
at the option 
of the 
Noteholders, 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihegläu-
biger ein 
Recht haben, 
die vorzei-
tige Rück-
zahlung der 
Schuldver-
schrei-
bungen zu 
verlangen, 
gilt folgen-
des: 
(i) 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung nach Wahl des 
Anleihegläubigers am / an den Put-
Rückzahlungstag(en) zum jeweiligen 
Put-Rückzahlungsbetrag [im Fall von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
zuzüglich 
der 
bis 
zum 
Put-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen] 
zurückzuzahlen. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Noteholder, redeem such Note on the 
Put Redemption Date(s) at the relevant 
Put Redemption Amount [in the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes insert: together 
with interest accrued to but excluding 
the Put Redemption Date]. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early 
redemption 
at the option 
of the 
Noteholders, 
the following 
applies: 
 
Put-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
Put-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
 
[Put-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
einfügen] 
[Put-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/ 
beträge einfügen] 
[insert Put Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[insert Put Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
 
Dem Anleihegläubiger steht das Recht, 
die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
zu 
verlangen, nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor 
gemäß § 4 verlangt hat. 
The Noteholder may not exercise the 
option for early redemption in respect 
of any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Issuer of its right 
to redeem such Note in accordance 
with § 4. 
 
 
(ii) 
Um dieses Recht auszuüben, hat der 
Anleihegläubiger nicht weniger als 30 
und nicht mehr als 60 Tage vor dem 
Put-Rückzahlungstag, an dem die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß der Ausübungserklärung (wie 
nachstehend definiert) zurückgezahlt 
werden sollen, bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
während der normalen Geschäftszeiten 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte 
Erklärung 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
("Ausübungs-
erklärung"), 
wie 
sie 
von 
der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
erhältlich 
ist, 
zu 
hinterlegen. Die Ausübungserklärung 
hat anzugeben: (i) den Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das 
Recht ausgeübt wird und (ii) die 
Wertpapierkennungen 
dieser 
(ii) 
In order to exercise the option, the 
Noteholder must, not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days before the Put 
Redemption Date on which such 
redemption is required to be made as 
specified in the Put Notice (as defined 
below), submit during normal business 
hours at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent a duly completed early 
redemption notice ("Put Notice") in 
the form available from the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent. The Put 
Notice must specify (i) the principal 
amount of the Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised, and (ii) 
the securities identification numbers of 
such Notes, if any. The Issuer shall 
only be required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is 
exercised against delivery of such 
Notes to the Issuer or to its order. No

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(soweit 
vergeben). 
Die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das 
Recht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur 
gegen 
Lieferung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
die 
Emittentin oder an deren Order. Die 
Ausübung des Rechts kann nicht 
widerrufen werden. 
option so exercised may be revoked or 
withdrawn. 
 
(f) 
Erwerb. 
(f) 
Purchase. 
 
 
Die 
Emittentin 
oder 
jede 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
können 
jederzeit 
vorbehaltlich 
zwingender 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen Schuldverschreibungen auf dem 
freien Markt oder anderweitig sowie zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis erwerben. Derartig erworbene 
Schuldverschreibungen können eingezogen, 
gehalten oder wieder veräußert werden. 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any 
time and subject to mandatory provisions of law 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price. Such acquired Notes may be 
cancelled, held or resold. 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen im Fall 
eines Kon-
trollwechsels 
vorzeitig 
kündbar 
sind, gilt 
folgendes: 
(g) 
Kontrollwechsel. 
(g) 
Change of Control. 
If the Notes 
are subject 
to Early 
Redemption 
as a result of 
a Change of 
Control the 
following 
applies: 
Tritt (i) ein Kontrollwechsel ein und (ii) kommt 
es innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums zu 
einer Absenkung des Ratings (zusammen, ein 
"Rückzahlungsereignis"), 
hat 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger das Recht (sofern nicht die 
Emittentin, bevor die nachstehend beschriebene 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung gemacht wird, die 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen nach 
§ 4 (b) [oder (c)] angezeigt hat), die 
Rückzahlung seiner Schuldverschreibungen 
durch die Emittentin zu ihrer Festgelegten 
Stückelung [im Fall von festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: zuzüglich 
der bis zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen] zu verlangen. 
If there (i) occurs a Change of Control and (ii) 
within the Change of Control Period a Rating 
Downgrade occurs (together called a "Put 
Event"), each Noteholder will have the option 
(unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event 
Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice 
to redeem the Notes in accordance with § 4(b) 
[or (c)]) to require the Issuer to redeem that Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date at its 
Specified Denomination [in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes insert: together with interest 
accrued to 
but 
excluding the 
Optional 
Redemption Date]. 
Für Zwecke dieses Wahlrechts: 
For the purposes of such option: 
 
Bedeutet "Rating Agentur" jede Ratingagentur 
von Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"), 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") und 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") 
oder eine ihrer Nachfolgegesellschaften oder 
jede andere Rating Agentur vergleichbaren 
internationalen Ansehens, wie von Zeit zu Zeit 
durch die Emittentin bestimmt; 
"Rating Agency" means the rating agencies of 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"), 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") and 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") 
or any of their respective successors or any other 
rating agency of equivalent international 
standing specified from time to time by the 
Issuer; 
 
Gilt eine "Absenkung des Ratings" in Bezug 
auf einen Kontrollwechsel als eingetreten, wenn 
(a) innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums ein 
vorher 
für 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vergebenes Rating einer 
Rating Agentur (i) zurückgezogen oder (ii) von 
einem Investment Grade Rating (BBB- von 
Fitch, Baa3 von Moody's oder BBB- von S&P 
oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder besser) in ein 
non-Investment Grade Rating (BB+ von Fitch, 
Ba1 von Moody's oder BB+ von S&P oder 
jeweils gleichwertig, oder schlechter) geändert 
oder 
(iii) 
(falls 
das 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vergebene Rating einer 
Rating Agentur unterhalb des Investment Grade 
Ratings liegt) um einen ganzen Punkt (von BB+ 
zu BB von Fitch, von Ba1 zu Ba2 von Moody's 
oder von BB+ zu BB von S&P oder eine 
ähnliche 
Absenkung 
eines gleichwertigen 
Ratings) abgesenkt wird oder (b) zur Zeit des 
Kontrollwechsels 
kein 
Rating 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen oder die Emittentin 
vergeben ist und keine Rating Agentur während 
des Kontrollwechselzeitraums ein Investment 
Grade Rating für die Schuldverschreibungen 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to 
have occurred in respect of a Change of Control 
(a) if within the Change of Control Period any 
rating previously assigned to the Issuer or the 
Notes by any Rating Agency is (i) withdrawn or 
(ii) changed from an investment grade rating 
(BBB- by Fitch, Baa3 by Moody's or BBB- by 
S&P, or their respective equivalents for the time 
being, or better) to a non-investment grade 
rating (BB+ by Fitch, Ba1 by Moody's or BB+ 
by S&P, or their respective equivalents for the 
time being, or worse) or (iii) (if the rating 
assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency 
shall be below an investment grade rating) 
lowered one full rating notch (from BB+ to BB 
by Fitch, from Ba1 to Ba2 by Moody's or from 
BB+ to BB by S&P or such similar lower of the 
respective equivalent rating) or (b) if at the time 
of the Change of Control, there is no rating 
assigned to the Notes or the Issuer and no Rating 
Agency assigns during the Change of Control 
Period an investment grade credit rating to the 
Notes (unless the Issuer is unable to obtain such 
a rating within such period having used all 
reasonable endeavours to do so and such failure

--- Page 47 ---
47 
vergibt (es sei denn, die Emittentin ist trotz 
zumutbarer Anstrengungen innerhalb dieses 
Zeitraums nicht in der Lage, ein solches Rating 
zu erhalten, ohne dass dies seine Ursache im 
Kontrollwechsel hat); 
is unconnected with the occurrence of the 
Change of Control); 
Ein "Kontrollwechsel" ist eingetreten, wenn 
und sobald irgendeine Person oder eine Gruppe 
von Personen, die abgestimmt handeln (im 
Sinne von § 2 Absatz 5 des Wertpapiererwerbs- 
und Übernahmegesetzes – WpÜG) mehr als 
50% der Stimmrechte in der Emittentin 
erwerben, soweit es sich nicht um Familien-
Aktionäre oder um ein von diesen Beherrschtes 
Unternehmen handelt. 
A "Change of Control" occurs if and when any 
person or group of persons acting in concert 
(within the meaning of section 2 para. 5 of the 
German Takeover Act (Wertpapiererwerbs- 
und Übernahmegesetz – WpÜG)) other than the 
Family Shareholders and any of their Controlled 
Entities acquires ownership of more than 50 per 
cent. of the voting rights in the Issuer. 
 
 
"Familien-Aktionäre" sind Maria Elisabeth 
Schaeffler-Thumann 
und 
Georg 
F.W. 
Schaeffler und ihre jeweiligen gesetzlichen oder 
eingesetzten Erben. 
"Family Shareholders" means Maria Elisabeth 
Schaeffler-Thumann and Georg F.W. Schaeffler 
and in each case their respective legal or 
appointed heirs. 
 
 
Ein "Beherrschtes Unternehmen" ist, bezogen 
auf einer Person, eine juristische Person, welche 
direkt oder 
indirekt 
von dieser 
Person 
kontrolliert wird. 
A "Controlled Entity" means, in relation to any 
person, an entity which is controlled directly or 
indirectly by that person. 
 
 
Ist 
der 
"Kontrollwechselzeitraum" 
der 
Zeitraum, der 90 Tage nach dem Eintritt eines 
Kontrollwechsels endet; und 
"Change of Control Period" means the period 
ending 90 days after the occurrence of the 
Change of Control; and 
 
 
Ist der "Rückzahlungstag" der siebte Tag nach 
dem letzten Tag des Rückzahlungszeitraums. 
The "Optional Redemption Date" is the 
seventh day after the last day of the Put Period. 
 
 
Sofort nachdem die Emittentin von einem 
Rückzahlungsereignis Kenntnis erlangt, wird 
die Emittentin den Anleihegläubigern gemäß 
§ 11 Mitteilung vom Rückzahlungsereignis 
machen (eine "Rückzahlungsmitteilung"), in 
der die Umstände des Rückzahlungsereignisses 
sowie das Verfahren für die Ausübung des in 
diesem § 4 (g) genannten Wahlrechts angegeben 
sind. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a 
Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a "Put Event Notice") to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 11 specifying 
the nature of the Put Event and the 
circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure 
for exercising the option set out in this §4(g). 
 
 
Zur Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts muss der 
Anleihegläubiger 
während 
der 
normalen 
Geschäftsstunden innerhalb eines Zeitraums 
(der "Rückzahlungszeitraum") von 45 Tagen, 
nachdem 
die 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung 
veröffentlicht 
ist, 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte 
und 
unterzeichnete 
Ausübungserklärung bei der angegebenen 
Niederlassung der Emissionsstelle einreichen 
(die "Ausübungserklärung"), die in ihrer 
jeweils 
maßgeblichen 
Form 
bei 
der 
angegebenen Niederlassung der Emissionsstelle 
erhältlich ist. Ein so ausgeübtes Wahlrecht kann 
nicht 
ohne 
vorherige 
Zustimmung 
der 
Emittentin widerrufen oder zurückgezogen 
werden. 
In order to exercise such option, the Noteholder 
must submit during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly 
completed option exercise notice ("Exercise 
Notice") in the form available from the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent within the period (the 
"Put Period") of 45 days after a Put Event 
Notice is given. No option so exercised may be 
revoked or withdrawn without the prior consent 
of the Issuer. 
 
 
§ 5 
Zahlungen 
§ 5 
Payments 
 
 
(a) 
Zahlungen.  Die Zahlung von Kapital [im Fall 
von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
und 
Zinsen] 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem oder an dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. [Im Fall 
von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt 
nach ordnungsgemäßem Nachweis gemäß 
§ 1(c).] 
(a) 
Payments.  Payment of principal [in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes insert: and interest] on the 
Notes shall be made to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System for credit to the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. [In the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: Payment of 
interest on Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note shall be made, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(c).]

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
(b) 
Zahlungsweise.  Sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu leistende Zahlungen 
werden in der Festgelegten Währung geleistet. 
Den Anleihegläubigern werden keine Kosten 
oder Gebühren in Bezug auf diese Zahlungen 
auferlegt. Sämtliche Zahlungen stehen unter 
dem Vorbehalt geltender steuerlicher und 
sonstiger gesetzlicher Vorschriften, Richtlinien 
und Verordnungen oder Verträge denen sich die 
Emittentin, der Emissionsstelle oder eine 
Zahlstelle unterworfen haben. Vorbehaltlich § 6 
ist die Emittentin nicht verpflichtet, zusätzliche 
Beträge als Ausgleich für irgendwelche Steuern 
oder Abgaben gleich welcher Art, die aufgrund 
solcher steuerlichen oder sonstigen gesetzlichen 
Vorschriften, Richtlinien oder Verordnungen 
oder Verträge auferlegt oder erhoben werden, an 
die Anleihegläubiger zu zahlen. 
(b) 
Manner of Payment.  Payments of any amounts 
due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the 
Specified 
Currency. 
No 
commission 
or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in 
respect of such payments. All payments will be 
subject to all applicable fiscal and other laws, 
directives and regulations or agreements to 
which the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or any Paying 
Agent agree to be subject. Without prejudice to 
the provisions of § 6, the Issuer will not be 
obliged to pay to the Noteholders any additional 
amounts as compensation for any taxes or duties 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by such 
fiscal and other laws, regulations, directives or 
agreements. 
 
 
(c) 
Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung 
an das Clearingsystem oder an dessen Order von 
ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(c) 
The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or 
to the order of, the Clearing System. 
 
 
(d) 
Geschäftstag.  Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer 
Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
auf einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag ist, dann 
hat der Anleihegläubiger keinen Anspruch auf 
Zahlung vor dem nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
am 
jeweiligen 
Geschäftsort. 
Der 
Anleihegläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, [im Fall 
von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: weitere] Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu 
verlangen. 
(d) 
Business Day.  If the due date for payment of 
any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Business Day then the Noteholder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next such day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to [in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: further] 
interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. 
 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" 
For these purposes, "Business Day" means a 
day which is 
 
Falls die 
Festgelegte 
Währung 
nicht Euro 
ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
an 
dem 
(i) das 
Clearingsystem 
und 
(ii) Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] 
Zahlungen abwickeln. 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which both (i) the Clearing System, and 
(ii) commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in [insert all relevant 
financial centres]. 
If the Speci-
fied Cur-
rency is not 
Euro, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Festgelegte 
Währung 
Euro ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
an dem (i) das Clearingsystem und (ii) das 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
system 
2 
(TARGET) geöffnet sind, um Zahlungen 
abzuwickeln. 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which both (i) the Clearing System, and (ii) the 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
system 
2 
(TARGET) are open to effect payments. 
If the Speci-
fied Cur-
rency is 
Euro, the 
following 
applies: 
 
§ 6 
Besteuerung 
§ 6 
Taxation 
 
 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge werden ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern, 
Abgaben, Festsetzungen oder behördlicher Gebühren 
jedweder Art geleistet ("Steuern"), die von dem Staat, in 
dem die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist oder einer 
seiner Gebietskörperschaften oder zur Erhebung von 
Steuern berechtigten Behörden oder sonstigen Stellen 
auferlegt, erhoben, eingezogen, einbehalten oder 
festgesetzt werden, sofern nicht die Emittentin kraft 
Gesetzes oder einer sonstigen Rechtsvorschrift zu einem 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet ist. Sofern die 
Emittentin zu einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug 
verpflichtet ist, wird die Emittentin zusätzliche Beträge 
(die "Zusätzlichen Beträge") an die Anleihegläubiger 
zahlen, so dass die Anleihegläubiger die Beträge 
erhalten, die sie ohne den betreffenden Einbehalt oder 
Abzug erhalten hätten. Solche Zusätzlichen Beträge sind 
jedoch nicht zahlbar wegen solcher Steuern in Bezug auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, die 
All amounts to be paid in respect of the Notes will be paid 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature ("Taxes") imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by the Issuer's country of 
domicile for tax purposes or any political subdivision or 
any authority or any other agency of or in the Issuer's 
country of domicile for tax purposes that has power to 
tax, unless the Issuer is compelled by law to make such 
withholding or deduction. If the Issuer is required to 
make such withholding or deduction, the Issuer will pay 
such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") to 
the Noteholders as the Noteholders would have received 
if no such withholding or deduction had been required, 
except that no such Additional Amounts will be payable 
for any such Taxes in respect of any Note which:

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
(a) 
von 
einer 
als 
Depotbank 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere Weise 
zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen 
von 
Kapital 
[im 
Fall 
von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: oder Zinsen] einen Abzug oder 
Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(a)  
are payable by any person acting as custodian 
bank or collecting agent on behalf of a 
Noteholder, or otherwise in any manner which 
does not constitute a deduction or withholding 
by the Issuer from payments of principal [in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: or interest] 
made by it; or 
 
 
(b) 
wegen einer Verbindung des betreffenden 
Anleihegläubigers zu dem Staat, in dem die 
Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist, die nicht nur 
aus 
der 
bloßen 
Inhaberschaft 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen besteht, einzubehalten 
oder abzuziehen sind; oder 
(b) 
are to be withheld or deducted by reason of the 
relevant Noteholder having some connection 
with the Issuer's country of domicile for tax 
purposes other than the mere holding of that 
Note; or 
 
 
(c) 
aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung 
der 
Europäischen 
Union 
betreffend 
die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung, 
eines 
zwischenstaatlichen Abkommens oder einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Verständigung über deren 
Besteuerung, an der der Staat, in dem die 
Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer 
gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, 
Verordnung, Vereinbarung, Verständigung oder 
dieses Abkommen umsetzt oder befolgt, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
(c) 
are to be withheld or deducted pursuant to (i) 
any European Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or 
(ii) any international treaty, agreement or 
understanding relating to such taxation and to 
which the Issuer's country of domicile for tax 
purposes or the European Union is a party, or 
(iii) any provision of law implementing, or 
complying with, or introduced to conform with, 
such Directive, Regulation, treaty, agreement or 
understanding; or 
 
 
(d) 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten sind, welche später als 30 Tage 
nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung oder, 
wenn dies später erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 11 
wirksam wird; oder 
(d) 
are to be withheld or deducted by reason of a 
change in law that becomes effective more than 
30 days after the relevant payment becomes due, 
or is duly provided for and notice thereof is 
published in accordance with § 11, whichever 
occurs later; or 
 
 
(e) 
von einer Zahlung an einen Anleihegläubiger 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind, der in 
einem nicht kooperativen Steuerhoheitsgebiet 
im Sinne des Gesetzes zur Abwehr von 
Steuervermeidung 
und 
unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb (Steueroasen-Abwehrgesetz) 
wie jeweils geändert oder ersetzt (einschließlich 
der aufgrund von diesem Gesetz ergangenen 
Verordnungen)) ansässig ist. 
(e) 
are to be withheld or deducted from any 
payment to be made to a Noteholder being 
resident of a non-cooperative country or 
territory 
(nicht 
kooperatives 
Steuerhoheitsgebiet) within the meaning of the 
act to prevent tax evasion and unfair tax 
competition (Steueroasen-Abwehrgesetz) as 
amended or replaced from time to time 
(including any ordinance (Verordnung) enacted 
based on this act). 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist keinesfalls verpflichtet, Zusätzliche 
Beträge in Bezug auf einen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
Beträgen zu zahlen, die gemäß Sections 1471 bis 1474 
des U.S. Internal Revenue Code (in der jeweils geltenden 
Fassung oder gemäß Nachfolgebestimmungen), gemäß 
zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen, gemäß den in einer 
anderen Rechtsordnung in Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Bestimmungen erlassenen Durchführungsvorschriften 
oder gemäß mit dem Internal Revenue Service 
geschlossenen Verträgen von der Emittentin, der 
jeweiligen Zahlstelle oder einem anderen Beteiligten 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten 
wurden 
("FATCA-
Steuerabzug") oder Anleger in Bezug auf einen 
FATCA-Steuerabzug schadlos zu halten. 
In any event, the Issuer will have no obligation to pay 
Additional amounts deducted or withheld by the Issuer, 
the relevant Paying Agent or any other party ("FATCA 
Withholding") in relation to any withholding or 
deduction of any amounts required by the rules of U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or 
any amended or successor provisions), pursuant to any 
inter-governmental 
agreement, 
or 
implementing 
legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in connection 
with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or indemnify any 
investor in relation to any FATCA Withholding. 
 
 
§ 7 
Vorlegung, Verjährung 
§ 7 
Presentation, Prescription 
 
 
(a) 
Vorlegungsfrist.  Die Vorlegungsfrist gemäß 
§ 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB für fällige 
Schuldverschreibungen wird auf zehn Jahre 
verkürzt. 
(a) 
Presentation.  The period for presentation of 
Notes due, as established in § 801(1) sentence 1 
of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch), is reduced to ten years.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
(b) 
Verjährungsfrist.  Die 
Verjährungsfrist 
für 
innerhalb der Vorlegungsfrist zur Zahlung 
vorgelegte Schuldverschreibungen beträgt zwei 
Jahre 
von 
dem 
Ende 
der 
betreffenden 
Vorlegungsfrist an. 
(b) 
Prescription.  The period for prescription for 
Notes presented for payment during the 
presentation period shall be two years beginning 
at the end of the relevant presentation period. 
 
 
§ 8 
Kündigungsgründe für die Anleihegläubiger 
§ 8 
Events of Default 
 
 
(a) 
Bei 
Eintritt 
und 
Fortdauer 
eines 
der 
nachstehenden 
Ereignisse 
ist 
ein 
Anleihegläubiger 
berechtigt, 
seine 
Schuldverschreibungen durch Mitteilung in 
Textform an die Emittentin, die bei der 
Emittentin 
oder 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
abzugeben ist, zur sofortigen Rückzahlung 
fällig 
zu 
stellen, 
woraufhin 
seine 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ohne 
weitere 
Handlungen oder Formalitäten sofort zu ihrer 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
[im 
Fall 
von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: zuzüglich aufgelaufener Zinsen] 
fällig werden: 
(a) 
If any of the events below occurs and is 
continuing, then any Note may, by notice in text 
form addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or, alternatively, the Fiscal Agent, be 
declared due and payable, whereupon such Note 
will become immediately due and payable at its 
Specified Denomination [in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes insert: together with accrued 
interest] without further action or formality: 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
festverzins-
lichen 
Schuld-
verschreibun
gen 
einfügen: 
[(i)] 
Nichtzahlung.  Die Emittentin zahlt 
Zinsbeträge 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht innerhalb 
von 30 Geschäftstagen nach Fälligkeit; 
oder 
[(i)] 
Non-payment.  Failure by the Issuer to 
pay any amount of interest in respect of 
the Notes within 30 business days of 
the due date for payment of that 
amount; or 
In the case of 
Fixed Rate 
Notes insert: 
 
 
 
 
 
[(ii)] 
Nichterfüllung sonstiger wesentlicher 
Verpflichtungen.  Die 
Emittentin 
unterlässt 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung 
irgendeiner 
sonstigen 
wesentlichen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
und 
die 
Unterlassung dauert länger als 60 Tage 
fort, nachdem die Emissionsstelle 
hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von 
einem Anleihegläubiger erhalten hat; 
oder 
[(ii)] 
Non-fulfilment 
of 
other 
material 
obligations.  The Issuer fails to duly 
perform any other material obligation 
arising under the Notes and any such 
failure continues for more than 60 days 
after the Fiscal Agent has received 
notice thereof from a Noteholder; or 
 
 
[(iii)] 
Cross Acceleration.  Eine (nicht im 
Rahmen der Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehende) 
Kapitalmarkt-
verbindlichkeit der Emittentin wird 
infolge 
eines 
Kündigungsgrunds 
(unabhängig von der Bezeichnung) vor 
ihrer festgelegten Fälligkeit fällig und 
zahlbar (sei es durch Kündigung, 
automatische vorzeitige Fälligstellung 
oder auf andere Weise) mit der 
Maßgabe, dass der Gesamtbetrag der 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
mindestens EUR 100.000.000 (oder 
den Gegenwert in einer anderen 
Währung) beträgt; oder 
[(iii)] 
Cross 
Acceleration.  Any 
Capital 
Market Indebtedness of the Issuer 
(other than under the Notes) becomes 
due and payable prior to its specified 
maturity (whether by declaration, 
automatic acceleration or otherwise) as 
a result of an event of default 
(howsoever described), provided that 
the aggregate amount of Capital 
Market Indebtedness amounts to at 
least 
EUR 100,000,000 
(or 
its 
equivalent in other currencies); or 
 
 
[(iv)] 
Insolvenz etc. 
[(iv)] 
Insolvency etc. 
 
 
(A) 
die 
Emittentin 
gibt 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt 
oder stellt ihre Zahlungen ein, 
oder 
(A) 
the 
Issuer 
announces 
its 
inability to meet its financial 
obligations 
(Zahlungsunfähigkeit) 
or 
suspends payments; or 
 
 
(B) 
ein 
Gericht 
eröffnet 
ein 
Insolvenzverfahren gegen die 
Emittentin; oder 
(B) 
a court opens insolvency 
proceedings 
against 
the 
Issuer; or  
 
 
(C) 
die Emittentin geht in die 
Liquidation 
oder 
wird 
abgewickelt oder aufgelöst 
(C) 
the Issuer enters into a 
winding up or dissolution and 
liquidation (other than for the

--- Page 51 ---
51 
(sofern dies nicht für die 
Zwecke oder als Folge eines 
Zusammenschlusses, 
einer 
Umstrukturierung 
oder 
Sanierung geschieht, bei dem 
bzw. der die Emittentin noch 
zahlungsfähig ist und bei dem 
bzw. der die fortführende 
Gesellschaft im Wesentlichen 
alle 
Vermögenswerte 
und 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin übernimmt). 
purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation 
or 
restructuring 
whilst 
solvent, where the continuing 
entity assumes substantially 
all 
of 
the 
assets 
and 
obligations of the Issuer). 
 
(b) 
Quorum.  In den Fällen von § 8(a)[(ii)] bis [(iv)] 
wird eine Kündigung erst wirksam, wenn bei der 
Emissionsstelle Kündigungserklärungen von 
Anleihegläubigern von Schuldverschreibungen 
im Nennbetrag von mindestens 10 % der dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen sind. Die Wirkung einer solchen 
Kündigung entfällt, wenn die Anleihegläubiger 
dies binnen drei Monaten mit Mehrheit 
beschließen. Für den Beschluss über die 
Unwirksamkeit der Kündigung genügt die 
einfache Mehrheit der Stimmrechte, es müssen 
aber in jedem Fall mehr Anleihegläubiger 
zustimmen als gekündigt haben. 
(b) 
Quorum.  In the events specified in § 8(a)[(ii)] 
to [(iv)], any notice declaring Notes due shall 
become effective only when the Fiscal Agent 
has received such notices from the Noteholders 
of at least 10 per cent. in principal amount of 
Notes then outstanding. Any such termination 
shall become ineffective if within three months 
the majority of the Noteholders so resolve. The 
resolution in relation to the ineffectiveness of a 
termination may be passed by simple majority 
of the voting rights, provided, however, that in 
each case there must be more Noteholders 
consenting to such resolution than Noteholders 
having terminated the Notes. 
 
 
§ 9 
Emissionsstelle, 
Zahlstelle(n) 
[und 
Berechnungsstelle] 
§ 9 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
Paying 
Agent(s) 
[and 
Calculation Agent] 
 
 
(a) 
Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle.  Die 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
die 
Zahlstelle 
sind 
nachstehend mit den benannten anfänglichen 
Geschäftsstellen aufgeführt: 
(a) 
Appointment, specified office.  The Fiscal Agent 
and the Paying Agent and their respective initial 
specified offices are as follows: 
 
 
"Emissionsstelle" und "Zahlstelle":  
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz)  
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland 
"Fiscal Agent" and "Paying Agent":  
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz)  
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
[Die 
"Berechnungsstelle" 
soll 
eine 
unabhängige international anerkannte Bank 
oder ein unabhängiger Finanzberater mit 
einschlägiger Expertise sein, von der Emittentin 
ausgewählt und als Berechnungsstelle für diese 
Zwecke bestellt.] 
[The "Calculation Agent" shall be an 
independent bank of international standing or an 
independent financial adviser with relevant 
expertise, selected by the Issuer and appointed 
as calculation agent for the purposes of such.] 
 
 
(b) 
Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung.  Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
zusätzliche Zahlstellen (gemeinsam mit der 
vorgenannten Zahlstelle, die "Zahlstellen" und 
jede eine "Zahlstelle") zu benennen.  
(b) 
Variation or termination of appointment.  The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to appoint 
additional paying agents (together with the 
Paying Agent specified above, the "Paying 
Agents" and each a "Paying Agent").  
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich ferner das Recht vor, 
die Ernennung der Emissionsstelle [,][und] der 
Zahlstellen 
[und 
der 
Berechnungsstelle] 
jederzeit anders zu regeln oder zu beenden. 
The Issuer further reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Fiscal Agent [,][and] any Paying Agent [and the 
Calculation Agent]. 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird sicherstellen, dass jederzeit 
(i) eine Emissionsstelle, (ii) eine Zahlstelle mit 
einer Geschäftsstelle in einer Stadt auf dem 
europäischen Festland und (iii) so lange die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf Veranlassung der 
Emittentin an einer Börse notiert werden, eine 
Zahlstelle mit einer benannten Geschäftsstelle 
an 
dem 
von 
der 
betreffenden 
Börse 
vorgeschriebenen Ort bestimmt ist.  
Die Emissionsstelle [,][und] etwaige Zahlstellen 
[und die Berechnungsstelle] behalten sich das 
Recht vor, jederzeit anstelle ihrer jeweils 
benannten 
Geschäftsstelle 
eine 
andere 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
derselben 
Stadt 
zu 
bestimmen. Bekanntmachungen hinsichtlich 
The Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal 
Agent (ii) a Paying Agent with a specified office 
in a continental European city and (iii) so long 
as the Notes are listed on a stock exchange at the 
initiative of the Issuer, a Paying Agent with a 
specified office in such city as may be required 
by the rules of the relevant stock exchange.  
The Fiscal Agent [,][and] any Paying Agent 
[and the Calculation Agent] reserve the right at 
any time to change their respective specified 
offices to some other specified office in the 
same city. Notice of all changes in the identities 
or specified offices of the Fiscal Agent or any 
Paying Agent will be given promptly by the

--- Page 52 ---
52 
aller Veränderungen im Hinblick auf die 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
etwaige 
Zahlstellen 
erfolgen unverzüglich durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 11. 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 11. 
 
(c) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) 
der 
Emittentin.  Die 
Emissionsstelle [,][und] die Zahlstelle(n) [und 
die Berechnungsstelle] handeln ausschließlich 
als Beauftragte der Emittentin und übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen gegenüber dem 
Anleihegläubiger; es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und dem 
Anleihegläubiger begründet. 
(c) 
Agent of the Issuer.  The Fiscal Agent [,][and] 
any Paying Agent(s) [and the Calculation 
Agent] act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for the 
Noteholder. 
 
 
Die Emissionsstelle [,] [und] die Zahlstelle(n) 
[und die Berechnungsstelle] können den Rat 
eines oder mehrerer Rechtsanwälte oder anderer 
Sachverständiger einholen, deren Beratung oder 
Dienste sie für notwendig hält, und sich auf eine 
solche Beratung verlassen. Die Emissionsstelle 
[,] 
[und] 
die 
Zahlstelle(n) 
[und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle] übernehmen keine Haftung 
gegenüber 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
im 
Zusammenhang mit Handlungen, die in gutem 
Glauben im Einklang mit einer solchen 
Beratung getätigt, unterlassen oder geduldet 
wurden. 
The Fiscal Agent [,] [and] the Paying Agent(s) 
[and the Calculation Agent] may engage the 
advice or services of any lawyers or other 
experts whose advice or services it deems 
necessary and may rely upon any advice so 
obtained. Neither the Fiscal Agent nor the 
Paying Agent [nor the Calculation Agent] will 
incur any liability as against the Noteholders in 
respect of any action taken, or not taken, or 
suffered to be taken, or not taken, in accordance 
with such advice in good faith. 
 
 
§ 10 
Schuldnerersetzung 
§ 10 
Substitution 
 
 
(a) 
Ersetzung. 
(a) 
Substitution. 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, ohne 
Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger, eine andere 
Gesellschaft, die direkt oder indirekt von der 
Emittentin kontrolliert wird ("Verbundene 
Unternehmen", wie in § 15 AktG definiert), als 
neue Emittentin für alle sich aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
ergebenden 
Verpflichtungen 
mit 
schuldbefreiender Wirkung für die Emittentin 
an die Stelle der Emittentin zu setzen (die "Neue 
Emittentin"), sofern 
The Issuer may at any time, without the consent 
of the Noteholders, substitute for the Issuer any 
other company which is directly or indirectly 
controlled 
by 
the 
Issuer 
("Affiliated 
Companies", as defined in Section 15 German 
Stock Corporation Act –Aktiengesetz), as new 
issuer (the "New Issuer") in respect of all 
obligations arising under or in connection with 
the Notes with the effect of releasing the Issuer 
of all such obligations, if: 
 
 
(i) 
die 
Neue 
Emittentin 
sämtliche 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus 
oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt 
und, sofern eine Zustellung an die 
Neue 
Emittentin 
außerhalb 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland erfolgen 
müsste, 
einen 
Zustellungsbevoll-
mächtigten in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland bestellt; 
(i) 
the New Issuer assumes any and all 
obligations of the Issuer arising under 
or in connection with the Notes and, if 
service of process vis-à-vis the New 
Issuer would have to be effected 
outside the Federal Republic of 
Germany, appoints a process agent 
within 
the 
Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany; 
 
 
(ii) 
die Emittentin und die Neue Emittentin 
sämtliche für die Schuldnerersetzung 
und die Erfüllung der Verpflichtungen 
aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen erforderlichen 
Genehmigungen erhalten haben; 
(ii) 
the Issuer and the New Issuer have 
obtained 
all 
authorisations 
and 
approvals necessary for the substitution 
and the fulfilment of the obligations 
arising under or in connection with the 
Notes; 
 
 
(iii) 
die Neue Emittentin in der Lage ist, 
sämtliche zur Erfüllung der aufgrund 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehenden Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
erforderlichen 
Beträge 
in 
der 
Festgelegten 
Währung 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem 
oder 
die 
Emissionsstelle zu zahlen, und zwar 
ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt von 
Steuern 
oder 
sonstigen 
Abgaben 
jedweder Art, die von dem Land (oder 
den Ländern), in dem (in denen) die 
Neue Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
(iii) 
the New Issuer is in the position to pay 
to the Clearing System or to the Fiscal 
Agent in the Specified Currency and 
without deducting or withholding any 
taxes or other duties of whatever nature 
imposed, levied or deducted by the 
country (or countries) in which the 
New Issuer has its domicile or tax 
residence all amounts required for the 
performance 
of 
the 
payment 
obligations 
arising 
from 
or 
in 
connection with the Notes;

--- Page 53 ---
53 
Steuersitz hat, auferlegt, erhoben oder 
eingezogen werden; 
 
(iv) 
die 
Emittentin 
unbedingt 
und 
unwiderruflich die Verpflichtungen der 
Neuen 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
Bedingungen 
garantiert, 
die 
sicherstellen, 
dass 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger 
wirtschaftlich 
mindestens so gestellt wird, wie er 
ohne die Ersetzung stehen würde; 
(iv) 
the 
Issuer 
unconditionally 
and 
irrevocably 
guarantees 
such 
obligations of the New Issuer under the 
Notes on terms which ensure that each 
Noteholder will be put in an economic 
position that is at least as favourable as 
that which would have existed if the 
substitution had not taken place; 
 
 
(v) 
die Neue Emittentin sich verpflichtet 
hat, 
jeden 
Anleihegläubiger 
hinsichtlich solcher Steuern, Abgaben 
oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, 
die einem Anleihegläubiger bezüglich 
der Ersetzung auferlegt werden; und 
(v) 
the New Issuer has agreed to indemnify 
and hold harmless each Noteholder 
against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge imposed on such 
Noteholder 
in 
respect 
of 
such 
substitution; and 
 
 
(vi) 
der Emissionsstelle ein oder mehrere 
Rechtsgutachten 
von 
anerkannten 
Rechtsanwälten 
vorgelegt 
werden, 
welche 
bestätigen, 
dass 
die 
Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden 
Unterabsätzen (i) bis (v) erfüllt 
wurden. 
(vi) 
there shall have been delivered to the 
Fiscal Agent an opinion of lawyers of 
recognised standing to the effect that 
subparagraphs (i) to (v) above have 
been satisfied. 
 
 
(b) 
Bezugnahmen. 
(b) 
References. 
 
 
(i) 
Im Fall einer Schuldnerersetzung 
gemäß § 10(a) gilt jede Bezugnahme in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die 
Emittentin als eine solche auf die Neue 
Emittentin. 
(i) 
In the event of a substitution pursuant 
to § 10(a), any reference in these Terms 
and Conditions to the Issuer shall be a 
reference to the New Issuer. 
 
 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, dass dies nur 
gilt, soweit sich nicht aus Sinn und 
Zweck der jeweiligen Bedingung 
ergibt, dass die Bezugnahme entweder 
weiterhin nur auf die Schaeffler AG 
erfolgen 
soll, 
oder 
dass 
die 
Bezugnahme auf die Neue Emittentin 
und 
gleichzeitig 
auch 
auf 
die 
Schaeffler AG, im Hinblick auf deren 
Verpflichtungen aus der Garantie 
gemäß § 10(a)(iv) erfolgen soll. 
For the avoidance of doubt this shall 
apply only to the extent that the 
meaning and purpose of the relevant 
condition requires that the relevant 
reference shall continue to be a 
reference only to Schaeffler AG, or that 
the reference shall be to the New Issuer 
and Schaeffler AG, in relation to 
Schaeffler AG's obligations under the 
guarantee pursuant to § 10(a)(iv) at the 
same time. 
 
 
(ii) 
In 
§ 8 
gilt 
ein 
weiterer 
Kündigungsgrund als aufgenommen, 
der dann besteht, wenn die Garantie 
gemäß § 10(a)(iv) mit rechtskräftiger 
Entscheidung 
eines 
zuständigen 
Gerichts für nicht vollumfänglich 
wirksam erklärt wird, oder die Garantin 
einen 
Mangel 
der 
Wirksamkeit 
behauptet und dieser Mangel nicht 
innerhalb von zehn Geschäftstagen 
behoben wird. 
(ii) 
In § 8 a further event of default shall be 
deemed to have been included; such 
event of default shall exist in the case 
that 
the 
guarantee 
pursuant 
to 
§ 10(a)(iv) is determined by the final 
decision of a competent court or is 
claimed by the guarantor not to be in 
full force and effect and such defect is 
not corrected within ten business days. 
 
 
§ 11 
Bekanntmachungen 
§ 11 
Notices 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schrei-
bungen, die 
an der 
Luxem-
burger Börse 
notiert sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(a) 
Veröffentlichungen.  Alle Bekanntmachungen, 
die 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffen, 
werden (solange die Schuldverschreibungen am 
geregelten 
Markt 
der 
Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse zum Handel zugelassen sind) 
auf der Internet-Seite der Luxemburger Börse 
(derzeit unter www.bourse.lu) veröffentlicht. 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am Tag der ersten 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
(a) 
Publications.  All notices regarding the Notes 
will be published (so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(currently on www.bourse.lu). Any notice will 
become effective for all purposes on the date of 
the first such publication. 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are listed on 
the Luxem-
bourg Stock 
Exchange, 
the following 
applies: 
(b) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem.  Solange 
die Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger 
Börse notiert sind, findet § 11(a) Anwendung. 
Soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies 
zulassen, 
kann 
die 
Emittentin 
eine 
(b) 
Notification to Clearing System.  So long as any 
Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, § 11(a) shall apply. If the Rules of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the 
Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the

--- Page 54 ---
54 
Veröffentlichung nach § 11(a) durch eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem 
zur 
Weiterleitung an die Anleihegläubiger ersetzen; 
jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag 
nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als den Anleihegläubigern 
mitgeteilt. 
Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Noteholders, in lieu of 
publication as set forth in § 11(a) above; any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been validly 
given on the fifth day after the day on which the 
said notice was given to the Clearing System. 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schrei-
bungen, die 
nicht auf 
Veranlas-
sung der 
Emittentin 
an einer 
Börse notiert 
sind, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(a) 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem.  Die 
Emittentin wird alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die 
Anleihegläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag 
der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den 
Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt. 
(a) 
Notification to Clearing System.  The Issuer 
shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to 
the Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Noteholders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly 
given on the fifth day after the day on which the 
said notice was given to the Clearing System. 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are not listed 
at the 
initiative of 
the Issuer, 
the following 
applies: 
 
[(b)][(c)] Mitteilungen 
eines 
Anleihegläubigers.  Mitteilungen, 
die 
von 
einem 
Anleihegläubiger 
gemacht 
werden, 
müssen schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen mit 
dem Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß 
§ 13(c)(a) an die Emissionsstelle geleitet 
werden. Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das 
Clearingsystem in der von der Emissionsstelle 
und dem Clearingsystem dafür vorgesehenen 
Weise erfolgen. 
[(b)][(c)] Notices by a Noteholder.  Notices to be given 
by any Noteholder shall be made in written form 
together with an evidence of the Noteholder's 
entitlement in accordance with § 13(c)(a) to the 
Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given through 
the Clearing System in such manner as the 
Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may 
approve for such purpose. 
 
 
§ 12 
Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen 
§ 12 
Further Issues 
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
gleicher 
Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tages der Begebung 
[im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen:, des Verzinsungsbeginns] und/oder des 
Emissionspreises) 
wie 
die 
vorliegenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu begeben, so dass sie mit 
diesen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. Der Begriff 
"Schuldverschreibungen" umfasst im Fall einer solchen 
weiteren Begebung auch solche zusätzlich begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
The Issuer reserves the right from time to time, without 
the consent of the Noteholders to issue additional notes 
with identical terms and conditions as the Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the date of issue [in 
the case of Fixed Rate Notes insert:, the interest 
commencement date] and/or the issue price) so as to be 
consolidated and form a single series with such Notes. 
The term "Notes" shall, in the event of such further issue, 
also comprise such further notes. 
 
 
§ 13 
Anwendbares Recht, Erfüllungsort und 
Gerichtsstand  
§ 13 
Applicable Law, Place of Performance and 
Jurisdiction 
 
 
(a) 
Anwendbares Recht.  Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie alle sich daraus 
ergebenden Rechte und Pflichten bestimmen 
sich ausschließlich nach dem Recht der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
(a) 
Applicable law.  The form and content of the 
Notes as well as all the rights and duties arising 
therefrom are governed exclusively by the laws 
of the Federal Republic of Germany.  
 
 
(b) 
Gerichtsstand.  Vorbehaltlich eines zwingenden 
Gerichtsstandes 
für 
besondere 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten im Zusammenhang mit 
dem Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG) in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
gültigen 
Fassung 
(das 
"SchVG"), 
ist 
nicht-ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand für alle sich aus den in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
geregelten 
Rechtsverhältnissen 
ergebenden 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
mit 
der 
Emittentin 
Frankfurt am Main. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction.  Subject to any exclusive court of 
venue for specific legal proceedings in 
connection with the German Act on Issues of 
Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG), as 
amended from time to time (the "SchVG"), non-
exclusive court of venue for all litigation with 
the Issuer arising from the legal relations 
established in these Terms and Conditions is 
Frankfurt am Main. 
 
 
Für Entscheidungen gemäß § 9 Absatz 2, § 13 
Absatz 3 und § 18 Absatz 2 SchVG ist gemäß 
§ 9 Absatz 3 SchVG das Amtsgericht zuständig, 
in dessen Bezirk die Emittentin ihren Sitz hat. 
The local court (Amtsgericht) in the district 
where the Issuer has its registered office will 
have jurisdiction for all judgments pursuant to 
§ 9(2), 
§ 13(3) 
and 
§ 18(2) 
SchVG 
in

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Für Entscheidungen über die Anfechtung von 
Beschlüssen der Anleihegläubiger ist gemäß 
§ 20 Absatz 3 SchVG ausschließlich das 
Landgericht zuständig, in dessen Bezirk die 
Emittentin ihren Sitz hat. 
accordance with § 9(3) SchVG. The regional 
court (Landgericht) in the district where the 
Issuer has its registered office will have 
exclusive jurisdiction for all judgments over 
contested 
resolutions 
by 
Noteholders 
in 
accordance with § 20(3) SchVG. 
 
(c) 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung.  Jeder 
Anleihegläubiger kann in Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
gegen die Emittentin im eigenen Namen seine 
Rechte 
aus 
den 
ihm 
zustehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen geltend machen unter 
Vorlage der folgenden Dokumente: (a) einer 
Bescheinigung seiner Depotbank, die (i) den 
vollen Namen und die volle Anschrift des 
Anleihegläubigers 
bezeichnet, 
(ii) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
angibt, 
die 
am 
Ausstellungstag 
dieser 
Bescheinigung dem bei dieser Depotbank 
bestehenden Depot dieses Anleihegläubigers 
gutgeschrieben sind, und (iii) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank dem Clearingsystem und der 
Emissionsstelle eine schriftliche Mitteilung 
zugeleitet hat, die die Angaben gemäß (i) und 
(ii) enthält und Bestätigungsvermerke des 
Clearingsystems 
sowie 
des 
jeweiligen 
Clearingsystem-Kontoinhabers trägt, sowie (b) 
einer von einem Vertretungsberechtigten des 
Clearingsystems 
oder 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
bestätigten Ablichtung der Globalurkunde. 
(c) 
Enforcement.  Any Noteholder may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer protect and 
enforce in its own name its rights arising under 
its 
Notes 
by 
submitting 
the 
following 
documents: (a) a certificate issued by its 
depositary bank (i) stating the full name and 
address of the Noteholder, (ii) specifying an 
aggregate principal amount of Notes credited on 
the date of such certificate to such Noteholder's 
securities account maintained with such 
depositary bank and (iii) confirming that the 
depositary bank has given a written notice to the 
Clearing System as well as to the Fiscal Agent 
containing the information pursuant to (i) and 
(ii) and bearing acknowledgements of the 
Clearing System and the relevant Clearing 
System accountholder as well as (b) a copy of 
the Global Bond certified by a duly authorised 
officer of the Clearing System or the Fiscal 
Agent as being a true copy. 
 
 
§ 14 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen; 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter  
§ 14 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions; 
Joint Representative  
 
(a) 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen.  Die 
Emittentin kann die Anleihebedingungen mit 
Zustimmung aufgrund Mehrheitsbeschlusses 
der Anleihegläubiger nach Maßgabe der §§ 5 ff. 
SchVG 
ändern. 
Eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen ohne Zustimmung der 
Emittentin scheidet aus. 
(a) 
Amendment of the Terms and Conditions.  The 
Issuer may amend the Terms and Conditions 
with the consent of a majority resolution of the 
Noteholders pursuant to §§ 5 et seq. of the 
SchVG. There will be no amendment of the 
Terms and Conditions without the Issuer's 
consent. 
 
Die Anleihegläubiger können insbesondere 
einer Änderung wesentlicher Inhalte der 
Anleihebedingungen, einschließlich der in § 5 
Absatz 3 SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnahmen mit 
den in dem nachstehenden § 14(b) genannten 
Mehrheiten zustimmen. Ein ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle 
Anleihegläubiger verbindlich. 
In particular, the Noteholders may consent to 
amendments which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, 
including such measures as provided for under 
§ 5(3) of the SchVG, by resolution passed by 
such majority of the votes of the Noteholders as 
stated under § 14(b) below. A duly passed 
majority resolution will be binding upon all 
Noteholders. 
 
 
(b) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse.  Vorbehaltlich 
des 
nachstehenden Satzes und der Erreichung der 
erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit, beschließen 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
mit 
der 
einfachen 
Mehrheit 
der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, durch 
welche 
der 
wesentliche 
Inhalt 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, insbesondere in den 
Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Nummer 1 bis 9 SchVG, 
geändert wird, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit 
einer Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte (eine 
"Qualifizierte Mehrheit"). Das Stimmrecht 
ruht, solange die Schuldverschreibungen der 
Emittentin oder einem mit ihr verbundenen 
Unternehmen (§ 271 Absatz 2 HGB) zustehen 
oder für Rechnung der Emittentin oder eines mit 
ihr 
verbundenen 
Unternehmens 
gehalten 
werden. 
(b) 
Majority requirements.  Except as provided by 
the following sentence and provided that the 
quorum requirements are being met, the 
Noteholders may pass resolutions by simple 
majority of the voting rights participating in the 
vote. Resolutions which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, in 
particular in the cases of § 5(3) numbers 1 
through 9 of the SchVG, may only be passed by 
a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the voting 
rights participating in the vote (a "Qualified 
Majority"). The voting right is suspended as 
long as any Notes are attributable to the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates (within the meaning of 
§ 271(2) of the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch)) or are being held for the 
account of the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
 
 
(c) 
Beschlüsse.  Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger 
werden 
entweder 
in 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung nach § 14(c)(i) oder im 
Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung 
(c) 
Resolutions.  Resolutions of the Noteholders 
will be made either in a Noteholders' meeting in 
accordance with § 14(c)(i) or by means of a vote 
without 
a 
meeting 
(Abstimmung 
ohne

--- Page 56 ---
56 
nach § 14(c)(ii) getroffen, die von der 
Emittentin oder einem gemeinsamen Vertreter 
einberufen wird.  
Versammlung) in accordance with § 14(c)(ii), in 
either case convened by the Issuer or a joint 
representative, if any.  
 
(i) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger im 
Rahmen einer Gläubigerversammlung 
werden nach §§ 9 ff. SchVG getroffen. 
Die 
Einberufung 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
regelt 
die 
weiteren 
Einzelheiten 
der 
Beschlussfassung 
und 
der 
Abstimmung. Mit der Einberufung der 
Gläubigerversammlung werden in der 
Tagesordnung 
die 
Beschlussgegenstände 
sowie 
die 
Vorschläge zur Beschlussfassung den 
Anleihegläubigern bekannt gegeben.  
(i) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders in a 
Noteholders' meeting will be made in 
accordance with §§ 9 et seq. of the 
SchVG. The convening notice of a 
Noteholders' meeting will provide the 
further 
details 
relating 
to 
the 
resolutions and the voting procedure. 
The subject matter of the vote as well 
as the proposed resolutions will be 
notified to Noteholders in the agenda of 
the meeting.  
 
 
(ii) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger im 
Wege 
der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
werden 
nach 
§ 18 
SchVG getroffen. Die Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe 
durch 
den 
Abstimmungsleiter regelt die weiteren 
Einzelheiten der Beschlussfassung und 
der 
Abstimmung. 
Mit 
der 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe 
werden 
die 
Beschlussgegenstände 
sowie 
die 
Vorschläge 
zur 
Beschlussfassung 
den 
Anleihegläubigern bekannt gegeben. 
(ii) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders by 
means of a voting not requiring a 
physical meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) 
will be 
made in 
accordance § 18 of the SchVG. The 
request for voting as submitted by the 
chairman 
(Abstimmungsleiter) 
will 
provide the further details relating to 
the 
resolutions 
and 
the 
voting 
procedure. The subject matter of the 
vote as well as the proposed resolutions 
will be notified to Noteholders together 
with the request for voting. 
 
 
(d) 
Zweite 
Gläubigerversammlung.  Wird 
die 
Beschlussfähigkeit bei der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung nach § 14(c)(ii) nicht festgestellt, 
kann 
der 
Abstimmungsleiter 
eine 
Gläubigerversammlung einberufen, welche als 
zweite Gläubigerversammlung im Sinne des 
§ 15(3) Satz 3 SchVG gilt. 
(d) 
Second noteholders' meeting. If it is ascertained 
that no quorum exists for the vote without 
meeting pursuant to § 14(c)(ii), the chairman 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a meeting, 
which shall be deemed to be a second meeting 
within the meaning of § 15(3) sentence 3 of the 
SchVG. 
 
 
(e) 
Anmeldung.  Die Stimmrechtsausübung ist von 
einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung 
muss 
bis 
zum 
dritten 
Tag 
vor 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
unter 
der 
in 
der 
Einberufung 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung  
angegebenen Anschrift zugehen. Zusammen mit 
der Anmeldung müssen Anleihegläubiger den 
Nachweis ihrer Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an 
der 
Abstimmung 
durch 
eine 
besondere 
Bescheinigung ihrer jeweiligen Depotbank in 
Textform und die Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks 
der Depotbank erbringen, aus dem hervorgeht, 
dass die relevanten Schuldverschreibungen für 
den Zeitraum vom Tag der Absendung der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zu 
dem 
angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Versammlung 
(einschließlich) 
nicht 
übertragen 
werden 
können. 
(e) 
Registration.  The exercise of voting rights is 
subject to the registration of the Noteholders. 
The registration must be received at the address 
stated in the request for voting no later than the 
third day prior to the meeting in the case of a 
Noteholders' 
meeting. 
As 
part 
of 
the 
registration, Noteholders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote by means of 
a special confirmation of their respective 
depositary bank hereof in text form and by 
submission of a blocking instruction by the 
depositary bank stating that the relevant Notes 
are not transferable from and including the day 
such registration has been sent until and 
including the stated end of the meeting. 
 
 
(f) 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter.  Die Anleihegläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
die 
Bestellung und Abberufung eines gemeinsamen 
Vertreters, die Aufgaben und Befugnisse des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters, die Übertragung von 
Rechten 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
auf 
den 
gemeinsamen Vertreter und eine Beschränkung 
der Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
bestimmen. Die Bestellung eines gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehrheit, 
wenn 
er 
ermächtigt 
wird, 
wesentlichen 
Änderungen der Anleihebedingungen gemäß 
§ 14(a) zuzustimmen. 
(f) 
Joint representative.  The Noteholders may by 
majority resolution provide for the appointment 
or dismissal of a joint representative, the duties 
and responsibilities and the powers of such joint 
representative, the transfer of the rights of the 
Noteholders to the joint representative and a 
limitation of liability of the joint representative. 
Appointment of a joint representative may only 
be passed by a Qualified Majority if such joint 
representative is to be authorised to consent to a 
material change in the substance of the Terms 
and Conditions in accordance with § 14(a) 
hereof. 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
The joint representative shall have the duties 
and powers provided by law or granted by 
majority resolutions of the Noteholders. The

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er hat 
die 
Weisungen der 
Anleihegläubiger zu 
befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Anleihegläubiger ermächtigt ist, 
sind die einzelnen Anleihegläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte 
nicht befugt, es sei denn der Mehrheitsbeschluss 
sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit 
hat 
der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
den 
Anleihegläubigern zu berichten. Für die 
Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und 
Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die 
Vorschriften des SchVG. 
joint representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Noteholders. To the extent 
that the joint representative has been authorised 
to assert certain rights of the Noteholders, the 
Noteholders shall not be entitled to assert such 
rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for 
in the relevant majority resolution. The joint 
representative shall provide reports to the 
Noteholders on its activities. The regulations of 
the SchVG apply with regard to the recall and 
the other rights and obligations of the joint 
representative. 
 
Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf 
das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung 
beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen 
Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit 
zur Last. 
Unless the joint representative is liable for 
wilful misconduct (Vorsatz) or gross negligence 
(grobe Fahrlässigkeit), the joint representative's 
liability shall be limited to ten times the amount 
of its annual remuneration. 
 
 
(g) 
Bekanntmachungen.  Bekanntmachungen 
betreffend diesen § 14 erfolgen ausschließlich 
gemäß den §§ 5ff. SchVG. 
(g) 
Notices.  Any notices concerning this § 14 will 
only be made in accordance with §§ 5 et seq. of 
the SchVG. 
 
 
§ 15 
Sprache 
§ 15 
Language 
 
Falls die 
Anleihebe-
dingungen in 
deutscher 
Sprache mit 
einer Über-
setzung in 
die englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich. 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language translation is provided for 
convenience only. 
If the Terms 
and Condi-
tions shall be 
in the 
German 
language 
with an 
English 
language 
translation, 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language only. 
If the Terms 
and Condi-
tions shall be 
in the 
English 
language 
only, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
OPTION II 
Anleihebedingungen für  
variabel verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
OPTION II 
Terms and Conditions that apply to  
Floating Rate Notes 
 
 
§ 1 
Währung, Festgelegte Stückelung, Form 
§ 1 
Currency, Specified Denomination, Form 
 
 
(a) 
Währung; 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung.  Die 
Schaeffler 
AG, 
Herzogenaurach 
(die 
"Emittentin") begibt Schuldverschreibungen 
(die "Schuldverschreibungen") in [Festgelegte 
Währung] (die "Festgelegte Währung") im 
Gesamtnennbetrag von [Festgelegte Währung] 
[Betrag], eingeteilt in Schuldverschreibungen in 
der festgelegten Stückelung von je [Festgelegte 
Währung] 
[Betrag] 
(die 
"Festgelegte 
Stückelung").  
(a) 
Currency; Specified Denomination.  The Notes 
are issued by Schaeffler AG, Herzogenaurach 
(the "Issuer") in [Specified Currency] (the 
"Specified Currency"), in the aggregate 
principal amount of [Specified Currency] 
[amount], divided into notes in the specified 
denomination of [Specified Currency] [amount] 
(the "Specified Denomination") each (the 
"Notes").  
 
 
(b) 
Form.  Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber. 
(b) 
Form.  The Notes are issued in bearer form. 
 
 
(c) 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch.  Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind zunächst in einer 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde (die "Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. 
(c) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange.  The 
Notes are initially represented by a temporary 
global Note (the "Temporary Global Note") 
without interest coupons. 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird insgesamt 
oder teilweise und unentgeltlich am oder nach 
dem Tag, der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
frühestens jedoch 40 Tage nach dem Tag des 
Beginns des Angebots liegt, gegen Nachweis 
über das Nichtbestehen wirtschaftlichen U.S.-
Eigentums im Sinne des U.S.-Rechts (non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership) in der in der Vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde vorgesehenen Form, für den 
Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen gegen eine 
dauerhafte 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauer-
Globalurkunde") 
(die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde und die Dauer-Globalurkunde 
jeweils auch eine "Globalurkunde") ohne 
Zinsscheine ausgetauscht. Ein Recht der 
Anleihegläubiger (wie nachstehend definiert) 
auf Ausgabe und Lieferung von Einzelurkunden 
oder Zinsscheinen besteht nicht. 
The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part and free of 
charge, on or after the day that is 40 days after 
the later of the commencement of the offering 
and the date of issue of the Notes for a 
permanent global Note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") (the Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note, each a "Global 
Note") 
without 
interest 
coupons 
upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
in the form set out in the Temporary Global 
Note. The right of the Noteholders (as defined 
below) to require the issue and delivery of 
definitive notes or interest coupons is excluded. 
 
 
(d) 
Clearingsystem.  Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde 
und die Dauer-Globalurkunde werden solange 
von einem Clearingsystem oder im Auftrag 
eines Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis sämtliche 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(d) 
Clearing System.  Each of the Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global Note 
will be held in custody by or on behalf of a 
Clearing System until all obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
 
 
"Clearingsystem" bezeichnet [bei mehr als 
einem 
Clearing 
System 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: jeweils] folgendes: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
("Clearstream, 
Frankfurt")] 
[,] 
[und] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum 
Luxemburg, ("Clearstream, Luxemburg")] 
[und] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du 
Roi 
Albert 
II, 
1210 
Brüssel, 
Belgien, 
("Euroclear")] [(Clearstream, Luxemburg und 
Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen 
die "ICSDs")] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [if more than one 
Clearing System the following applies: each 
of] the following: [Clearstream Banking AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany 
("Clearstream, 
Frankfurt")] [,] [and] [Clearstream Banking 
S.A., 
42 
Avenue 
JF 
Kennedy, 
1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg")] 
[and] 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert 
II, 
1210 
Brussels, 
Belgium, 
("Euroclear")] [(Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the 
"ICSDs")] and any successor in such capacity.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schrei-
bungen, die 
in Form 
einer Classi-
cal Global 
Note ausge-
geben 
werden, gilt 
folgendes: 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauer-
Globalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschriften 
von 
zwei 
Vertretungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie 
die 
eigenhändige 
Unterschrift 
eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten der Emissionsstelle. 
The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall each bear the manual 
signatures of two duly authorised officers of the 
Issuer as well as the manual signature of an 
authentication officer of the Fiscal Agent. 
In the case of 
Notes 
intended to 
be issued in 
the Classical 
Global Note 
form, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schrei-
bungen, die 
in Form 
einer New 
Global Note 
ausgegeben 
werden, gilt 
folgendes: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer New Global Note ("NGN") ausgegeben 
und 
von 
einem 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer (common safekeeper) im 
Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
In the case of 
Notes 
intended to 
be issued in 
the New 
Global Note 
form, the 
following 
applies: 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils 
in den Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter 
denen man die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD 
für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils 
an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind 
schlüssiger 
Nachweis 
über 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu 
diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag 
der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in 
the records of both ICSDs. The records of the 
ICSDs (which expression means the records that 
each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect 
the amount of such customers' interest in the 
Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
Notes 
represented by the Global Note and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating 
the principal amount of Notes so represented at 
any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung 
bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin 
sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung, 
Zahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich 
der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Register der 
ICSDs eingetragen werden und dass nach dieser 
Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag 
der zurückgezahlten bzw. gekauften und 
entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen 
wird. 
On any redemption or interest being made in 
respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any 
of the Notes represented by the Global Note the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such 
redemption, 
payment 
or 
purchase 
and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of 
the Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry 
being made, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs 
and represented by the Global Note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. 
 
 
Bei Austausch eines Anteils von ausschließlich 
durch 
eine 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen wird die 
Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses 
Austauschs 
pro 
rata 
in 
die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs aufgenommen 
werden. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such 
exchange shall be entered pro rata in the records 
of the ICSDs. 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauer-
Globalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschriften 
von 
zwei 
Vertretungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie 
die 
eigenhändige 
Unterschrift 
eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten der Emissionsstelle und 
die 
eigenhändige 
Unterschrift 
eines 
bevollmächtigten Vertreters des gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers.  
The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall each bear the manual 
signatures of two duly authorised officers of the 
Issuer as well as the manual signature of an 
authentication officer of the Fiscal Agent and 
the manual signature of an authorised officer of 
the common safekeeper.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
(e) 
Anleihegläubiger.  Den 
Inhabern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen ("Anleihegläubiger") 
stehen Miteigentumsanteile oder vergleichbare 
andere Rechte an der Globalurkunde zu, die 
gemäß 
anwendbarem 
Recht 
und 
den 
Bestimmungen und Regeln des Clearingsystems 
übertragen werden können. 
(e) 
Noteholders.  The 
holders 
of 
Notes 
("Noteholders") are entitled to co-ownership 
participations or other comparable rights in the 
Global Note, which are transferable in 
accordance with applicable laws and the rules 
and regulations of the Clearing System. 
 
 
§ 2 
Status und Negativerklärung 
§ 2 
Status and Negative Pledge 
 
(a) 
Status.  Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen 
nicht 
besicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
untereinander und mit allen anderen nicht 
besicherten 
und 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin zumindest 
gleichrangig sind, soweit zwingende gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen nichts anderes vorschreiben. 
(a) 
Status.  The obligations under the Notes 
constitute 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu 
among themselves and at least pari passu with 
all 
other 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, save for any 
obligations required to be preferred by law. 
 
(b) 
Negativerklärung.  Die Emittentin verpflichtet 
sich, solange Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, 
jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle 
Beträge 
an 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen 
der 
Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt worden 
sind, für Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten (wie 
nachstehend definiert) nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen kein 
dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht 
("Sicherungsrecht") am eigenen Vermögen zu 
bestellen, ohne die Anleihegläubiger zur 
gleichen Zeit und im gleichen Rang an einem 
solchen Sicherungsrecht teilhaben zu lassen, mit 
der Maßgabe, dass diese Verpflichtung keine 
Anwendung 
findet, 
falls 
die 
Emittentin 
Sicherungsrechte, die nach anwendbarem Recht 
zwingend 
vorgeschrieben 
sind 
oder 
Voraussetzung für die Gewährung staatlicher 
Genehmigungen sind, bestellt, übernimmt oder 
bestehen lässt. 
(b) 
Negative pledge.  The Issuer undertakes, as long 
as Notes are outstanding but only up to the time 
all amounts of principal and interest have been 
provided to the Fiscal Agent, not to provide after 
the issue date of the Notes any security interest 
in rem ("Security Interest") upon its assets for 
any Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined 
below) without at the same time letting the 
Noteholders share pari passu in such Security 
Interest; 
provided, 
however, 
that 
this 
undertaking shall not be applicable in the event 
the Issuer shall create, assume or permit to exist 
any Security Interest which is mandatory 
according to applicable laws or required as 
prerequisite for governmental approvals. 
 
 
In Bezug auf von der Emittentin begebene asset-
backed Emissionen (i) findet die Verpflichtung 
nach dem ersten Satz dieses § 2(b) keine 
Anwendung auf ein Sicherungsrecht, das im 
Zusammenhang mit einer solchen asset-backed 
Emission bestellt wird, und (ii) schließen die im 
ersten Satz dieses § 2(b) benutzten Worte 
"Vermögen" und "Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" 
nicht 
Vermögensgegenstände 
und 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
ein, die im Einklang mit den Gesetzen und den 
International Financial Reporting Standards, 
wie sie in der EU anzuwenden sind, ("IFRS") 
nicht in der Bilanz der Emittentin ausgewiesen 
werden 
müssen 
und 
darin 
auch 
nicht 
ausgewiesen werden. 
In respect of asset-backed securitizations 
originated by the Issuer, (i) the undertaking 
pursuant to first sentence of this § 2(b) will not 
apply to any Security Interest which is granted 
in connection with any such asset-backed 
securitization, and (ii) the expressions "assets" 
and "Capital Market Indebtedness" as used in 
the first sentence of this § 2(b) do not include 
assets and Capital Market Indebtedness of the 
Issuer which, pursuant to the requirements of 
law and International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union 
("IFRS"), need not, and are not, reflected in the 
Issuer's balance sheet. 
 
 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten" bezeichnet 
jede 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Rückzahlung 
aufgenommer Gelder in der Form von oder 
verbrieft durch Schuldverschreibungen oder 
ähnliche(n) 
Wertpapiere(n) 
mit 
einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem 
Jahr, die an einer Wertpapierbörse oder in einem 
over-the-counter 
Wertpapiermarkt 
notiert, 
eingeführt oder gehandelt werden oder dort 
notiert, eingeführt oder gehandelt werden 
können 
oder 
die 
anderweitig 
öffentlich 
gehandelt werden oder gehandelt werden sollen. 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" shall mean 
any obligation for the repayment of borrowed 
money in the form of or represented by bonds, 
notes, debentures or any similar securities which 
are or are capable of being quoted, listed or 
traded on any stock exchange or over-the-
counter securities market or which are otherwise 
publicly traded or intended to be publicly traded, 
having an original maturity of more than one 
year.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
§ 3 
Interest 
 
 
(a) 
Zinszahlungstage. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates. 
 
 
(i) 
Jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
wird 
bezogen 
auf 
ihre 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) und 
danach von jedem Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) mit einem jährlichen 
Satz, 
der 
dem 
Zinssatz 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
entspricht, 
verzinst. Die Zinsen sind nachträglich 
an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. Der 
zahlbare Zinsbetrag wird gemäß § 3(c) 
berechnet. 
(i) 
Each Note bears interest on its 
Specified Denomination at the rate per 
annum equal to the Rate of Interest 
from and including [insert Interest 
Commencement Date] (the "Interest 
Commencement 
Date") 
to 
but 
excluding the first Interest Payment 
Date and thereafter from and including 
each Interest Payment Date to but 
excluding the next following Interest 
Payment Date. Interest on the Notes 
will be payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in 
accordance with § 3(c). 
 
 
(ii) 
"Zinszahlungstag" 
bezeichnet, 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Geschäftstagekonvention, 
(ii) 
"Interest Payment Date" means, 
subject 
to 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention, 
 
Im Fall von 
Festgelegten 
Zins-
zahlungs-
tagen gilt 
folgendes: 
[festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage 
einfügen] eines jeden Jahres. 
[insert Specified Interest Payment 
Dates] in each year. 
In the case of 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates insert: 
Im Fall von 
Festgelegten 
Zinsperiode
n gilt fol-
gendes: 
(soweit 
diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
keine abweichenden Bestimmungen 
vorsehen) jeweils den Tag, der [Zahl 
einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] nach 
dem vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag, 
oder 
im 
Fall 
des 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstages, 
nach 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn liegt. 
each date which (except as otherwise 
provided 
in 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions) 
falls 
[insert number] 
[weeks] [months] after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of 
the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
In the case of 
Specified 
Interest 
Periods 
insert: 
 
(iii) 
"Geschäftstagekonvention" hat die 
folgende 
Bedeutung: 
Fällt 
ein 
Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der 
kein Geschäftstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) 
ist, 
so 
wird 
der 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ii) 
"Business Day Convention" has the 
following meaning: If any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day (as 
defined below), the Interest Payment 
Date shall be 
 
Im Fall der 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention 
(adjusted) 
gilt folgen-
des: 
auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch 
in 
den 
nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall 
wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen. 
postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event the Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the case of 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention 
(adjusted), 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall der 
FRN-Kon-
vention 
(adjusted) 
gilt folgen-
des: 
auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch 
in 
den 
nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall 
(i) wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen und (ii) ist 
jeder nachfolgende Zinszahlungstag 
der jeweils letzte Geschäftstag des 
Monats, in den dieser gefallen wäre, 
hätte es die Verschiebung nicht 
gegeben. 
postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) the Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day 
and (ii) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business 
Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment. 
In the case of 
FRN 
Convention 
(adjusted), 
the following 
applies:

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Im Fall der 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention 
(adjusted) 
gilt folgen-
des: 
auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben. 
postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day. 
In the case of 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention 
(adjusted), 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall der 
Preceding 
Business Day 
Convention 
(adjusted) 
gilt folgen-
des: 
auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen. 
the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
In the case of 
Preceding 
Business Day 
Convention 
(adjusted), 
the following 
applies: 
 
(iv) 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet 
(iv) 
"Business Day" means a day which is 
 
Falls die 
Festgelegte 
Währung 
Euro ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), 
an 
dem 
(i) das 
Clearingsystem 
und 
(ii) 
alle 
betroffenen 
Bereiche 
des 
Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer system 2 
(TARGET) 
geöffnet 
sind, 
um 
Zahlungen abzuwickeln. 
a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which both (i) the Clearing 
System and (ii) all relevant parts of the 
Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer 
system 2 (TARGET) are open to effect 
payments. 
If the Speci-
fied Cur-
rency is 
Euro, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Festgelegte 
Währung 
nicht Euro 
ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem (i) Geschäftsbanken 
und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche 
relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] 
und 
(ii) das 
Clearingsystem 
für 
Geschäfte 
geöffnet 
sind 
bzw. 
Zahlungen abwickeln. 
a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which (i) commercial 
banks and (ii) the Clearing System are 
generally open for business and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in 
[insert all relevant financial centres]. 
If the Speci-
fied Cur-
rency is not 
Euro, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
Zinssatz.  Der "Zinssatz" für jede Zinsperiode 
(wie nachstehend definiert) ist der Zinssatz per 
annum, der dem Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend 
definiert) [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge 
(wie nachstehend definiert)] entspricht, wobei 
der Zinssatz mindestens 0,00 % per annum 
beträgt und alle Festlegungen durch die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest.  The "Rate of Interest" for 
each Interest Period (as defined below) will be a 
rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate (as 
defined below) [[plus] [minus] the Margin (as 
defined below)], subject to a minimum of 0.00 
per cent. per annum and all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
 
 
"Referenzsatz" für jede Zinsperiode 
 
"Reference Rate" for each Interest Period will 
be, 
(i) 
entspricht, solange kein Benchmark-
Ereignis (wie in § 3(e) definiert) 
eingetreten ist, 
(i) 
as long as no Benchmark Event (as 
defined in § 3(e)) has occurred, 
 
(A) 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag; oder 
(A) 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date; or 
 
 
(B) 
falls 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
zu 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zeitpunkt 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag nicht auf 
der Bildschirmseite angezeigt 
wird, 
entspricht 
der 
Referenzsatz 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
an 
dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, an dem 
dieser 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
angezeigt 
wurde; und. 
(B) 
if the Original Benchmark 
Rate does not appear on the 
Screen Page as at such time on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
the 
Reference Rate shall be equal 
to the Original Benchmark 
Rate on the Screen Page on the 
last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which 
such 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate was displayed; and

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
(ii) 
wird, wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist, für jede Zinsperiode, 
die an oder nach dem Stichtag (wie in 
§ 3(e)(vii) definiert) beginnt, gemäß 
§ 3(e) bestimmt. 
(ii) 
if a Benchmark Event has occurred, 
determined in accordance with § 3(e) 
for each Interest Period commencing 
on or after the Effective Date (as 
defined in § 3(e)(vii)). 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Falle 
einer Marge 
gilt folgendes 
Die "Marge" beträgt [Marge] % per annum. 
"Margin" means [Margin] % per annum. 
In case of a 
Margin the 
following 
applies 
 
 
 
 
 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet jeweils den Zeitraum 
vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis 
zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
bzw. 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date 
and from (and including) each Interest Payment 
Date to (but excluding) the following Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
 
"Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz" an einem 
Tag ist die um 11:00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) 
gefixte und auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigte 
[1 / 3 / 6 /12]-Monats Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum) 
an diesem Tag. 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any day means 
the [1 / 3 / 6 /12]-months Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
fixed at, and appearing on, the Screen Page as of 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on such day. 
 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
 
 
"Bildschirmseite" bezeichnet die Reuters 
Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder eine andere 
Bildschirmseite von Reuters oder von einem 
anderen Informationsanbieter als Nachfolger, 
welche 
die 
Reuters 
Bildschirmseite 
EURIBOR01 ersetzt. 
"Screen Page" means the Reuters screen page 
EURIBOR01 or such other screen page of 
Reuters or such other information service which 
is the successor to the Reuters screen page 
EURIBOR01. 
 
 
"TARGET-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen 
Tag, an dem das Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer 
system 2 (TARGET) betriebsbereit ist. 
"TARGET Business Day" means a day on 
which the Trans-European Automated Real-
time Gross settlement Express Transfer system 
2 (TARGET) is operating. 
 
 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" bezeichnet den zweiten 
TARGET 
Geschäftstag 
vor 
Beginn 
der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the 
second TARGET Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period. 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls ein 
kurzer oder 
langer 
[erster / 
letzter] 
Kupon sowie 
Interpolatio
n anwendbar 
ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
Für die [erste / letzte] Zinsperiode legt die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
Referenzsatz 
am 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
in 
kaufmännisch 
vernünftiger Weise durch lineare Interpolation 
zwischen zwei Referenzsätzen fest, von denen 
(i) der eine Referenzsatz für einen Zeitraum zu 
bestimmen ist, für den es einen dem 
Referenzsatz vergleichbaren Referenzsatz gibt 
und der der Länge der anwendbaren Zinsperiode 
am nächsten kommt, aber kürzer als diese ist 
und (ii) der andere Referenzsatz für einen 
Zeitraum zu bestimmen ist, für den es einen dem 
Referenzsatz vergleichbaren Referenzsatz gibt 
und der der Länge der anwendbaren Zinsperiode 
am nächsten kommt, aber länger als diese ist. 
In respect of the [first / last] Interest Period, the 
Reference Rate shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date in a commercially reasonably manner 
using the straight-line interpolation by reference 
to two reference rates, (i) one of which shall be 
determined for a term for which a reference rate 
similar to the Reference Rate is available and 
which is next closest to but shorter than the 
applicable Interest Period and (ii) the other of 
which shall be determined for a term for which 
a reference rate similar to the Reference Rate is 
available and which is next closest to but longer 
than the applicable Interest Period. 
In the case a 
short/long 
[first / last] 
coupon and 
interpolation 
is applicable, 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Zinsbetrag.  Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu 
oder baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an 
dem der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
fälligen 
Zinsbetrag 
bezogen auf jede Festgelegte Stückelung (der 
"Zinsbetrag") 
für 
die 
entsprechende 
Zinsperiode berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird 
ermittelt, 
indem 
der 
Zinssatz 
und 
der 
Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) 
auf jede Festgelegten Stückelung angewendet 
werden, wobei der resultierende Betrag [falls 
(c) 
Interest Amount.  The Calculation Agent will, 
on or as soon as practicable after each date at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Notes in respect of 
each Specified Denomination for the relevant 
Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest and 
the Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to 
each Specified Denomination and rounding the 
resulting figure [if the Specified Currency is

--- Page 64 ---
64 
die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist einfügen: 
auf den nächsten 0,01 Euro auf- oder abgerundet 
wird, wobei 0,005 Euro aufgerundet werden.] 
[falls die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, 
einfügen: 
auf 
die 
kleinste 
Einheit 
der 
Festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet 
wird, wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerundet 
werden.] 
Euro insert: to the nearest 0.01 Euro, 0.005 
Euro being rounded upwards.] [if the Specified 
Currency is not Euro insert: to the nearest 
minimum unit of the Specified Currency, with 
0.5 of such unit being rounded upwards.] 
 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet 
bei 
der 
Berechnung 
des 
Zinsbetrages 
für 
einen 
beliebigen Zeitraum (ab dem ersten Tag dieses 
Zeitraums (einschließlich) bis zum letzten Tag 
dieses Zeitraums (ausschließlich)) (unabhängig 
davon, ob es sich dabei um eine Zinsperiode 
handelt, der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the 
calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the 
first day of such period to but excluding the last 
day of such period) (whether or not constituting 
an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
Actual 
(ISDA)" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
(oder, 
falls 
ein 
Teil 
dieses 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein Schaltjahr 
fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in das Schaltjahr 
fallen, dividiert durch 366 und (B) die 
tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage in dem Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in ein 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365). 
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period not 
falling in a leap year divided by 365). 
If "Actual / 
Actual 
(ISDA)" 
applies, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
365 (Fixed)" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365. 
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365. 
If "Actual / 
365 (Fixed)" 
applies, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
360" Me-
thode an-
wendbar ist, 
gilt folgen-
des: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360. 
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360. 
If "Actual / 
360" applies, 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"30 / 
360"oder 
"360 / 360" 
oder Bond 
Basis Me-
thode an-
wendbar ist, 
gilt folgen-
des: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, 
(wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf Grundlage eines 
Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten je 
30 Tagen zu berechnen ist, (es sei denn, (A) der 
letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt 
auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste 
Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf 
den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt; 
in diesem Fall ist der Monat des letzten Tages 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums nicht als ein auf 
30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln; oder 
(B) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten 
Tag des Monats Februar; in diesem Fall ist der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln). 
the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months (unless (A) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but 
the first day of the Calculation Period is a day 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day 
shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-
day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February, 
in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
If "30 / 360" 
or "360 / 
360" or 
Bond Basis 
applies, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"30E / 360" 
oder "Euro-
bond Basis" 
Methode an-
wendbar ist, 
gilt folgen-
des: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360 
(dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage 
eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 
30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes). 
the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months, without regard to the date of 
the first day or last day of the Calculation 
Period). 
If "30E / 
360" or 
"Eurobond 
Basis" 
applies, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag.  Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der 
Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, die jeweilige Zinsperiode und der 
relevante Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin und 
den Anleihegläubigern durch Bekanntmachung 
gemäß § 11 und jeder Börse, an der die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt auf Veranlassung der Emittentin 
notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an 
die Börse verlangen, unverzüglich, aber 
keinesfalls später als zu Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode 
können 
der 
mitgeteilte 
Zinsbetrag 
und 
Zinszahlungstag 
ohne 
Vorankündigung 
nachträglich angepasst (oder andere geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede 
solche Anpassung wird umgehend allen 
maßgeblichen 
Börsen, 
an 
denen 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin notiert sind, sowie 
den Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 11 mitgeteilt. 
(d) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount.  The Calculation Agent will cause the 
Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period, each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the Issuer and to the Noteholders by notice in 
accordance with § 11 and, if required by the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are from time to time listed at the initiative of 
the Issuer, to such stock exchange, without 
undue delay, but in no event later than the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
Any such amendment will be promptly notified 
to any relevant stock exchange on which the 
Notes are then listed at the initiative of the Issuer 
and to the Noteholders in accordance with § 11. 
 
 
(e) 
Benchmark-Ereignis. 
(e) 
Benchmark Event. 
 
 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug auf den 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz eintritt, gilt für 
die 
Bestimmung 
des 
betreffenden 
Referenzsatzes 
und 
die 
Verzinsung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 3(b) 
Folgendes: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
the 
relevant 
Reference Rate and the interest on the Notes in 
accordance with § 3(b) will be determined as 
follows: 
 
 
(i) 
Unabhängiger Berater. Die Emittentin 
wird sich bemühen, sobald dies (nach 
Ansicht der Emittentin) nach Eintritt 
des Benchmark-Ereignisses und vor 
dem 
nächsten 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
erforderlich ist, einen Unabhängigen 
Berater zu benennen, der einen Neuen 
Benchmarksatz (wie in § 3(e)(vi) 
definiert), die Anpassungsspanne (wie 
in § 3(e)(vi) definiert) und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
(gemäß 
§ 3(e)(iv)) festlegt. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser. The Issuer shall, 
as soon as this is (in the Issuer's view) 
required following the occurrence of 
the Benchmark Event and prior to the 
next Interest Determination Date, 
endeavour to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, who will determine a New 
Benchmark Rate (as defined in 
§ 3(e)(vi)), the Adjustment Spread (as 
defined 
in 
§ 3(e)(vi)) 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(in 
accordance with § 3(e)(iv)). 
 
 
(ii) 
Ausweichsatz (fallback). Wenn vor 
dem 
10. Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag 
(ii) 
Fallback rate. If, prior to the 10th 
Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, 
 
 
(A) 
die 
Emittentin 
keinen 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
ernannt hat; oder 
(A) 
the Issuer has not appointed 
an Independent Adviser; or 
 
 
(B) 
der ernannte Unabhängige 
Berater 
keinen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz gemäß diesem 
§ 3(e) festgelegt hat, 
(B) 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
appointed by it has not 
determined a New Benchmark 
Rate in accordance with this 
§ 3(e), 
 
 
 
dann entspricht der Referenzsatz für 
die nächste Zinsperiode dem an dem 
letzten 
zurückliegenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
festgestellten 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz. 
 
the Reference Rate applicable to the 
next Interest Period shall be the 
Original Benchmark Rate determined 
on 
the 
last 
preceding 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
 
 
 
Falls der gemäß diesem § 3(e)(ii) 
bestimmte Ausweichsatz (fallback) zur 
Anwendung kommt, wird § 3(e) erneut 
angewendet, um den Referenzsatz für 
die nächste nachfolgende (und, sofern 
notwendig, 
weitere 
nachfolgende) 
Zinsperiode(n) zu bestimmen. 
 
If the fallback rate determined in 
accordance with this § 3(e)(ii) is to be 
applied, § 3(e) will be operated again to 
determine 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
applicable to the next subsequent (and, 
if required, further subsequent) Interest 
Period(s).

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
(iii) 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
oder 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. Falls der 
Unabhängige Berater nach billigem 
Ermessen feststellt, 
(iii) 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate 
or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate. If the 
Independent Adviser determines in its 
reasonable discretion that: 
 
 
(A) 
dass es einen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann ist 
dieser 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz 
der 
Neue 
Benchmarksatz; oder 
(A) 
there 
is 
a 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate, then such 
Successor Benchmark Rate 
shall subsequently be the New 
Benchmark Rate; or 
 
 
(B) 
dass es keinen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz aber einen 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
gibt, 
dann 
ist 
dieser 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz der 
Neue Benchmarksatz. 
(B) 
there 
is 
no 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate but that there 
is an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate, then such Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate 
shall 
subsequently be the New 
Benchmark Rate. 
 
 
 
In jedem dieser Fälle entspricht der 
"Referenzsatz" für die unmittelbar 
nachfolgende Zinsperiode und alle 
folgenden Zinsperioden dann dem (x) 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
zuzüglich (y) der Anpassungsspanne. 
 
In each such case the "Reference Rate" 
for the immediately following Interest 
Period and all following Interest 
Periods will then be (x) the New 
Benchmark Rate on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date plus (y) 
the Adjustment Spread. 
 
 
(iv) 
Benchmark-Änderungen. Wenn ein 
Neuer 
Benchmarksatz 
und 
die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsspanne 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(e) 
festgelegt 
werden, und wenn der Unabhängige 
Berater feststellt, dass Änderungen 
hinsichtlich 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen notwendig sind, 
um die ordnungsgemäße Anwendung 
des Neuen Benchmarksatzes und der 
entsprechenden Anpassungsspanne zu 
gewährleisten (diese Änderungen, die 
"Benchmark-Änderungen"), 
dann 
wird der Unabhängige Berater die 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
feststellen, 
und die Emittentin wird diese durch 
eine 
Mitteilung 
gemäß 
§ 3(e)(v) 
bekanntmachen. 
(iv) 
Benchmark 
Amendments. 
If 
any 
relevant New Benchmark Rate and the 
applicable Adjustment Spread are 
determined in accordance with this 
§ 3(e), and if the Independent Adviser 
determines that amendments to these 
Terms and Conditions are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
and 
the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments"), then the Independent 
Adviser will determine the Benchmark 
Amendments and the Issuer will give 
notice thereof in accordance with 
§ 3(e)(v). 
 
 
 
Diese Benchmark-Änderungen können 
insbesondere folgende Regelungen in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen erfassen: 
 
The Benchmark Amendments may 
include, 
without 
limitation, 
the 
following conditions of these Terms 
and Conditions: 
 
 
(A) 
den 
Referenzsatz 
einschließlich 
der 
"Bildschirmseite" 
und/oder 
die Methode zur Bestimmung 
des 
Ausweichsatzes 
(sog. 
Fallback) 
für 
den 
Referenzsatz; und/oder 
(A) 
the Reference Rate including 
the "Screen Page" and/or the 
method for determining the 
fallback rate in relation to the 
Reference Rate; and/or 
 
 
(B) 
die Definitionen der Begriffe 
"Geschäftstag", 
"Geschäftstagekonvention", 
"Zinsperiode", 
"Zinstagequotient", 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" 
und/oder 
"Zinszahlungstag" 
(einschließlich der Festlegung 
ob der Referenzsatz vorwärts- 
oder 
rückwärtsgerichtet 
bestimmt wird). 
(B) 
the definitions of the terms 
"Business Day", "Business 
Day Convention", "Interest 
Period", 
"Day 
Count 
Fraction", 
"Interest 
Determination Date" and/or 
"Interest 
Payment 
Date" 
(including the determination 
whether the Reference Rate 
will be determined on a 
forward 
looking 
or 
a 
backward-looking basis). 
 
 
(v) 
Mitteilungen, etc. Die Emittentin wird 
einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem § 3(e) der Emissionsstelle, der 
(v) 
Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify any 
New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) determined under 
this § 3(e) to the Fiscal Agent, the

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Berechnungsstelle, den Zahlstellen und 
gemäß § 11 den Anleihegläubigern 
mitteilen, und zwar sobald eine solche 
Mitteilung 
(nach 
Ansicht 
der 
Emittentin) nach deren Feststellung 
erforderlich ist, spätestens jedoch an 
dem 
10. Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag. Eine 
solche Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich 
und hat den Stichtag zu benennen. 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and, in accordance with § 11, the 
Noteholders 
as 
soon 
as 
such 
notification is (in the Issuer's view) 
required following the determination 
thereof, but in any event not later than 
on the 10th Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the Effective Date. 
 
 
Der 
Neue 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen, die jeweils in 
der Mitteilung benannt werden, sind 
für die Emittentin, der Emissionsstelle, 
die Berechnungsstelle, die Zahlstellen 
und die Anleihegläubiger bindend. Die 
Anleihebedingungen gelten ab dem 
Stichtag 
als 
durch 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne und die etwaigen 
Benchmark-Änderungen geändert. 
 
The 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), each as specified 
in such notice, will be binding on the 
Issuer, 
the 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and the Noteholders. The Terms and 
Conditions shall be deemed to have 
been amended by the New Benchmark 
Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the Effective Date. 
 
 
 
Am Tag dieser Mitteilung hat die 
Emittentin der Emissionsstelle und der 
Berechnungsstelle eine durch zwei 
Unterschriftsberechtigte der Emittentin 
unterzeichnete 
Bescheinigung 
zu 
übergeben, die 
 
On the date of such notice, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent and to 
the Calculation Agent a certificate 
signed by two authorized signatories of 
the Issuer: 
 
 
(A) 
(A) 
 
 
(I) 
bestätigt, 
dass 
ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist; 
(I) 
confirming 
that 
a 
Benchmark Event has 
occurred; 
 
 
(II) 
den nach Maßgabe der 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
§ 3(e) 
festgestellten 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
benennt; 
(II) 
specifying the relevant 
New Benchmark Rate 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
provisions of this § 3(e); 
 
 
(III) 
die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsspanne und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-
Änderungen benennt, die 
jeweils nach Maßgabe 
der 
Bestimmungen 
dieses § 3(e) festgestellt 
wurden; und 
(III) 
specifying the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), 
each 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
provisions of this § 3(e); 
and 
 
 
(IV) 
den Stichtag benennt; 
und 
(IV) 
specifying the Effective 
Date; and 
 
 
(B) 
bestätigt, dass die etwaigen 
Benchmark-Änderungen not-
wendig 
sind, 
um 
die 
ordnungsgemäße Anwendung 
des Neuen Benchmarksatzes 
und 
der 
entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne 
zu 
gewährleisten. 
(B) 
confirming 
that 
the 
Benchmark Amendments, if 
any, are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such 
relevant 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
and 
the 
applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
 
 
(vi) 
Definitionen. Zur Verwendung in 
§ 3(e): 
(vi) 
Definitions. As used in this § 3(e): 
 
 
 
Die "Anpassungsspanne", die positiv, 
negativ oder gleich Null sein kann, 
wird in Basispunkten ausgedrückt und 
bezeichnet entweder (a) die Spanne 
oder (b) das Ergebnis der Anwendung 
der 
Formel 
oder 
Methode 
zur 
Berechnung der Spanne, die 
 
The "Adjustment Spread", which 
may be positive, negative or zero, will 
be expressed in basis points and means 
either (a) the spread, or (b) the result of 
the operation of the formula or 
methodology 
for 
calculating 
the 
spread, which 
 
 
(A) 
im Fall eines Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatzes formell im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
der 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor 
Benchmark Rate, is formally 
recommended in relation to

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Ersetzung des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes durch den 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
von 
dem 
Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen wird; oder 
the 
replacement 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
with 
the 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; 
or 
 
(B) 
(sofern keine Empfehlung 
abgegeben wurde oder im Fall 
eines 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatzes) 
üblicherweise 
an 
den 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten 
auf 
den Neuen Benchmarksatz 
angewendet wird, um einen 
industrieweit 
akzeptierten 
Ersatz-Benchmarksatz für den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz zu erzeugen, 
wobei 
sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch 
den 
Unabhängigen Berater nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
vorgenommen werden; oder 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation 
has been made, or in the case 
of an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate) is customarily applied to 
the New Benchmark Rate in 
the international debt capital 
markets 
to 
produce 
an 
industry-accepted 
replacement benchmark rate 
for the Original Benchmark 
Rate, 
provided 
that 
all 
determinations will be made 
by the Independent Adviser in 
its reasonable discretion; or 
 
 
(C) 
(sofern 
der 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen feststellt, dass keine 
solche Spanne üblicherweise 
angewendet 
wird) 
als 
industrieweit Standard für 
Over-the-Counter 
Derivatetransaktionen, 
die 
sich auf den Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
beziehen, 
anerkannt und bestätigt ist, 
wenn 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
durch 
den 
Neuen Benchmarksatz ersetzt 
worden ist, wobei sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch 
den 
Unabhängigen Berater nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
vorgenommen werden. 
(C) 
(if the Independent Adviser in 
its 
reasonable 
discretion 
determines 
that 
no 
such 
spread is customarily applied) 
is 
recognised 
or 
acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-
the-counter 
derivative 
transactions which reference 
the Original Benchmark Rate, 
where 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate has been 
replaced 
by 
the 
New 
Benchmark Rate, provided 
that all determinations will be 
made by the Independent 
Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion. 
 
 
 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet eine alternative Benchmark 
oder einen alternativen Bildschirmsatz, 
die bzw. der üblicherweise an den 
internationalen Anleihekapitalmärkten 
zur 
Bestimmung 
von 
variablen 
Zinssätzen 
in 
der 
Festgelegten 
Währung angewendet wird, wobei 
sämtliche Feststellungen durch den 
Unabhängigen Berater nach billigem 
Ermessen vorgenommen werden. 
 
"Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate" 
means an alternative benchmark or 
screen rate which is customarily 
applied in international debt capital 
markets transactions for the purpose of 
determining floating rates of interest in 
the Specified Currency, provided that 
all determinations will be made by the 
Independent Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion. 
 
 
 
"Benchmark Änderungen" hat die 
Bedeutung wie in § 3(e)(iv) festgelegt. 
 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the 
meaning given to it in § 3(e)(iv). 
 
 
 
Ein "Benchmark Ereignis" tritt ein, 
wenn: 
 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if: 
 
 
(A) 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr 
regelmäßig 
veröffentlicht 
wird oder nicht mehr erstellt 
wird; oder 
(A) 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
ceases to be published on a 
regular basis or ceases to 
exist; or 
 
 
(B) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
veröffentlicht wird, wonach 
dieser die Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
(B) 
a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original 
Benchmark Rate is made that 
it has ceased or that it will 
cease publishing the Original 
Benchmark Rate permanently 
or 
indefinitely 
(in

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen 
wird (in Fällen in denen kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
ernannt worden ist, der die 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes vornehmen 
wird); oder 
circumstances 
where 
no 
successor administrator has 
been appointed that will 
continue the publication of the 
Original Benchmark Rate); or 
 
(C) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
veröffentlicht wird, wonach 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
nicht mehr fortgeführt wird 
oder nicht mehr fortgeführt 
werden wird; oder 
(C) 
a public statement by the 
supervisor 
of 
the 
administrator of the Original 
Benchmark Rate is made that 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
has been or will permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued; 
or 
 
 
(D) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
veröffentlicht wird, aufgrund 
derer 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
allgemein 
oder 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
mehr verwendet werden darf; 
oder 
(D) 
a public statement by the 
supervisor 
of 
the 
administrator of the Original 
Benchmark Rate is made as a 
consequence of which the 
Original Benchmark Rate will 
be prohibited from being used 
either generally, or in respect 
of the Notes; or 
 
 
(E) 
die 
Verwendung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
zur 
Berechnung 
jedweder 
Zahlungen 
an 
Anleihegläubiger 
für 
die 
Zahlstellen, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, 
die 
Emittentin oder jeden Dritten 
rechtswidrig geworden ist; 
oder 
(E) 
it has become unlawful for 
any 
Paying 
Agent, 
the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
or any other party to calculate 
any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder using the 
Original Benchmark Rate; or 
 
 
(F) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
veröffentlicht wird, mit der 
bekanntgegeben wird, dass 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr 
repräsentativ ist; oder 
(F) 
a public statement by the 
supervisor 
for 
the 
administrator of the Original 
Benchmark Rate is made 
announcing that the Original 
Benchmark Rate is no longer 
representative; or 
 
 
(G) 
sich die Methode für die 
Feststellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes gegenüber 
der 
Methode, 
die 
der 
Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
bei 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
anwendete, wesentlich ändert. 
(G) 
the methodology for the 
determination of the Original 
Benchmark Rate is materially 
altered 
compared 
to 
the 
methodology as used by the 
administrator of the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
at 
the 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date. 
 
 
 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet einen Nachfolger oder 
Ersatz 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, der formell durch 
 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" means 
a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Benchmark Rate which is 
formally 
recommended 
by 
any 
Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
das Nominierungsgremium empfohlen 
wurde. 
 
 
"Neuer Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet 
den jeweils gemäß diesem § 3(e) 
bestimmten Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
bzw. Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
 
"New Benchmark Rate" means the 
Successor Benchmark Rate or, as the 
case 
may 
be, 
the 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate 
determined 
in 
accordance with this § 3(e). 
 
 
 
"Nominierungsgremium" bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf die Ersetzung des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes: 
 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, 
in respect of the replacement of the 
Original Benchmark Rate: 
 
 
(A) 
die 
Zentralbank 
für 
die 
Währung 
in 
der 
die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz 
dargestellt 
wird oder eine Zentralbank 
oder 
andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die 
Aufsicht des Administrators 
der Benchmark oder des 
Bildschirmsatzes 
zuständig 
ist; oder 
(A) 
the central bank for the 
currency 
to 
which 
the 
benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any 
central 
bank 
or 
other 
supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
 
 
(B) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jeden 
Ausschuss gefördert durch, 
geführt oder mitgeführt von 
oder gebildet von (a) der 
Zentralbank für die Währung 
in der die Benchmark oder der 
Bildschirmsatz 
dargestellt 
wird, (b) einer Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die 
Aufsicht des Administrators 
der Benchmark oder des 
Bildschirmsatzes 
zuständig 
ist, (c) einer Gruppe der zuvor 
genannten Zentralbanken oder 
anderer 
Aufsichtsbehörden 
oder 
(d) 
dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat (Financial 
Stability Board) oder Teilen 
davon. 
(B) 
any 
working 
group 
or 
committee 
sponsored 
by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of 
(a) the central bank for the 
currency 
to 
which 
the 
benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any 
central 
bank 
or 
other 
supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks 
or 
other 
supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
 
 
 
"Unabhängiger Berater" bezeichnet 
ein von der Emittentin ernanntes 
unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut 
mit 
internationalem Ansehen oder einen 
anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater 
mit 
Erfahrung 
in 
internationalen 
Kapitalmärkten. 
 
"Independent Adviser" means an 
independent financial institution of 
international 
repute 
or 
other 
independent 
financial 
adviser 
experienced in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the 
Issuer. 
 
 
(vii) 
Stichtag. 
Der 
Stichtag 
für 
die 
Anwendung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes, 
der 
Anpassungsspanne und der etwaigen 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem § 3(e) (der "Stichtag") ist der 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
der 
auf 
den 
frühesten der folgenden Tage fällt oder 
diesem nachfolgt: 
(vii) 
Effective Date. The effective date for 
the application of the New Benchmark 
Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
determined under this § 3(e) (the 
"Effective Date") will be the Interest 
Determination Date falling on or after 
the earliest of the following dates: 
 
 
(A) 
den Tag des Eintritts des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-
Ereignis aufgrund der Absätze 
(A), 
(F) 
oder 
(G) 
der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
(A) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clauses 
(A), (F) or (G) of the 
definition 
of 
the 
term 
"Benchmark Event", the date 
of the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event; or 
 
 
(B) 
den 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes eingestellt 
(B) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clauses 
(B), (C) or (D) of the 
definition 
of 
the 
term

--- Page 71 ---
71 
wird 
bzw. 
an 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
eingestellt 
wird, wenn das Benchmark-
Ereignis aufgrund der Absätze 
(B), 
(C) 
oder 
(D) 
der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
"Benchmark Event", the date 
of cessation of publication of 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
or of the discontinuation of 
the Original Benchmark Rate, 
as the case may be; or 
 
(C) 
den 
Tag, 
ab 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr 
verwendet werden darf, wenn 
das 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund des Absatzes (E) der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist. 
(C) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clause 
(E) of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", the 
date 
from 
which 
the 
prohibition applies. 
 
 
(viii) 
Wiederholte Anwendung. Wenn ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug auf 
einen Neuen Benchmarksatz eintritt, 
gilt dieser § 3(e) entsprechend für die 
Ersetzung des Neuen Benchmarksatzes 
durch 
einen 
neuen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz 
bzw. 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. In diesem Fall gilt jede 
Bezugnahme in diesem § 3(e) auf den 
Begriff Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz 
als Bezugnahme auf den zuletzt 
verwendeten Neuen Benchmarksatz. 
(viii) 
Repeated Application. If a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to any New 
Benchmark Rate, § 3(e) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to the replacement of 
such New Benchmark Rate by any new 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate 
or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, as the 
case may be. In this case, any reference 
in this § 3(e) to the term Original 
Benchmark Rate shall be deemed to be 
a reference to the New Benchmark 
Rate that last applied. 
 
 
§ 4 
Rückzahlung 
§ 4 
Redemption 
 
 
(a) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit.  Soweit nicht 
zuvor 
bereits 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und eingezogen, 
werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrer 
Festgelegten Stückelung am [im Fall eines 
festgelegten Endfälligkeitstages einfügen: am 
[Endfälligkeitstag einfügen]] [im Fall eines 
Rückzahlungsmonats einfügen: am in den 
[Rückzahlungsmonat 
einfügen] 
fallenden 
Zinszahlungstag] 
(der 
"Endfälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt.  
(a) 
Redemption at maturity.  To the extent not 
previously redeemed in whole or in part, or 
purchased and cancelled the Notes shall be 
redeemed at their Specified Denomination on 
[in the case of a specified Maturity Date 
insert: [insert Maturity Date]] [in the case of a 
Redemption Month insert: on the Interest 
Payment Date falling in [insert Redemption 
Month]] (the "Maturity Date").  
 
 
(b) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung wegen des Eintritts 
eines Gross-up-Ereignisses. 
(b) 
Early redemption following a Gross up Event. 
 
 
Sofern ein Gross-up-Ereignis (wie nachstehend 
definiert) eintritt, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
die Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht nur teilweise) durch Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß § 4(d) jederzeit mit Wirkung zu dem in 
der 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) 
festgelegten Kündigungstag zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn die Emittentin 
ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß § 4(b) Satz 1 
ausübt, ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
an 
dem 
in 
der 
Bekanntmachung festgelegten Kündigungstag 
zu ihrer Festgelegten Stückelung zuzüglich der 
bis 
zum 
festgelegten 
Kündigungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
If a Gross up Event (as defined below) occurs, 
the Issuer may, upon giving a notice of 
redemption in accordance with § 4(d), call the 
Notes for early redemption (in whole but not in 
part) at any time with effect on the redemption 
date specified in the notice in accordance with 
§ 4(d). If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with sentence 1 of § 4(b), the Issuer 
shall redeem each Note at its Specified 
Denomination together with interest accrued to 
but excluding the redemption date specified in 
the notice on the redemption date specified in 
the notice. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigungserklärung darf nicht 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem Tag erfolgen, an dem 
die Emittentin erstmals verpflichtet wäre, 
Zusätzliche Beträge (wie in § 6 definiert) zu 
zahlen. 
No such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be for the first time 
obliged to pay any Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 6). 
 
Ein "Gross-up-Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn der 
Emittentin ein Gutachten einer anerkannten 
Anwaltskanzlei vorliegt (und die Emittentin der 
Emissionsstelle eine Kopie davon gibt), aus dem 
A "Gross up Event" will occur if an opinion of 
a recognised law firm has been delivered to the 
Issuer (and the Issuer has provided the Fiscal 
Agent with a copy thereof) stating that, as a

--- Page 72 ---
72 
hervorgeht, dass die Emittentin aufgrund einer 
an oder nach dem Tag der Begebung der ersten 
Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen in Kraft 
tretenden Änderung oder Klarstellung der 
Gesetze, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
sonstigen 
Vorschriften des Staats, in dem die Emittentin 
steuerlich 
ansässig 
ist, 
einer 
seiner 
Gebietskörperschaften oder einer seiner zur 
Erhebung von Steuern berechtigten Behörden 
oder sonstigen Stellen (einschließlich des 
Falles, dass die betreffende Änderung oder 
Klarstellung rückwirkend Anwendung findet), 
oder aufgrund einer Änderung der Auslegung 
oder 
Anwendung, 
oder 
aufgrund 
einer 
erstmaligen Auslegung oder Anwendung dieser 
Gesetze, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
sonstigen 
Vorschriften 
durch 
eine 
gesetzgebende 
Körperschaft, ein Gericht oder eine Behörde 
(einschließlich des Erlasses von Gesetzen sowie 
der Bekanntmachung von Entscheidungen eines 
Gerichts oder einer Behörde) verpflichtet ist 
oder verpflichtet sein wird, Zusätzliche Beträge 
gemäß § 6 auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlen, und die Emittentin diese Verpflichtung 
nicht abwenden kann, indem sie Maßnahmen 
ergreift, die sie nach Treu und Glauben für 
zumutbar und angemessen hält. 
result of any change in, or amendment or 
clarification to, the laws, regulations or other 
rules of the Issuer's country of domicile for tax 
purposes, any of its political subdivisions or any 
authority or any other agency of or in such 
country having power to tax (including in case 
any such change, amendment or clarification 
has retroactive effect), or as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarification to, the 
interpretation or application, or as a result of any 
interpretation or application made for the first 
time, of any such laws, regulations or other rules 
by any legislative body, court or authority 
(including the enactment of any legislation and 
the publication of any decision of any court or 
authority), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of 
the first tranche of the Notes, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay Additional Amounts 
pursuant to § 6 on the Notes, and that obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking such 
measures it (acting in good faith) deems 
reasonable and appropriate. 
 
(c) 
[Keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin] [Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin].  
(c) 
[No early redemption at the option of the Issuer] 
[Early redemption at the option of the Issuer].  
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
kein Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
§ 4(c) vorzei-
tig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vor 
dem 
Endfälligkeitstag zurückzuzahlen, außer nach 
Maßgabe von § 4(b). 
The Issuer is not entitled to call the Notes prior 
to the Maturity Date, otherwise than provided in 
§ 4(b). 
If Notes are 
not subject 
to early 
redemption 
pursuant to 
§ 4(c), the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
eigener 
Wahl an 
Call-Rück-
zahlungstag(
e) vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
[(i)] 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt 
und 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
mit Wirkung zu dem / den Call-
Rückzahlungstag(en) zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn die 
Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß 
§ 4(c)[(i)] Satz 1 ausübt, ist die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung an dem in der 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
festgelegten Call-Rückzahlungstag zu 
ihrem 
jeweiligen 
Call-
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich der bis 
zu dem in der Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) 
festgelegten 
Call-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
[(i)] 
The Issuer may, upon giving a notice of 
redemption in accordance with § 4(d), 
call the Notes for early redemption (in 
whole but not in part) with effect on the 
Call Redemption Date(s). If the Issuer 
exercises its call right in accordance 
with sentence 1 of § 4(c)[(i)], the Issuer 
shall redeem each Note at its Call 
Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to but excluding the 
Call Redemption Date specified in the 
notice in accordance with § 4(d) on the 
Call Redemption Date specified in the 
notice in accordance with § 4(d). 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early 
redemption 
at the option 
of the Issuer 
on Call 
Redemption 
Date(s), the 
following 
applies: 
 
Call-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
Call-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Call  
Redemption Date(s)  
Call  
Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[Call-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
einfügen] 
[Call-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/ 
beträge einfügen] 
[insert Call Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[insert Call Redemption 
Amount(s)]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Falls die 
Anleihegläu-
biger eben-
falls ein 
Recht haben, 
die Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
gilt folgen-
des: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht nicht 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der 
Anleihegläubiger in Ausübung seines 
Rechts gemäß § 4(e) verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note which is 
the subject of the prior exercise by the 
Noteholder thereof of its option to 
require the redemption of such Note in 
accordance with § 4(e). 
If Notes are 
also subject 
to early 
redemption 
at the option 
of the 
Noteholders, 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Wahl-
recht hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen vorzeitig 
bei Eintritt 
eines 
transak-
tionsbezoge-
nen 
Ereignisses 
zum Ereig-
nis-Wahl-
rückzah-
lungsbetrag 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
[(ii)] 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise) 
durch 
eine 
Transaktions-Mitteilung gemäß den 
nachstehend 
aufgeführten 
Bedingungen und gemäß § 4(d) mit 
Wirkung 
zu dem 
Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn die 
Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß 
§ 4(c)[(ii)] Satz 1 ausübt, ist die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
jede 
zurückzuzahlende 
Schuldverschreibung an dem Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zum Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich 
der bis zum Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzah-
lungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufge-
laufenen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.  
[(ii)] 
The Issuer may, upon giving a 
Transaction 
Trigger 
Notice 
in 
accordance with the requirements set 
out below and in accordance with 
§ 4(d), call the Notes for early 
redemption (in whole or in part) with 
effect on the Trigger Call Redemption 
Date. If the Issuer exercises its call 
right in accordance with sentence 1 of 
§ 4(c)[(ii)], the Issuer shall redeem 
each Note to be redeemed at the 
Trigger Call Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the Trigger Call Redemption 
Date on the Trigger Call Redemption 
Date. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early 
redemption 
at the option 
of the issuer 
upon occur-
rence of a 
transaction 
related 
event, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
"Transaktion" 
bezeichnet 
[Be-
schreibung der geplanten Transaktion 
für deren Finanzierung die Schuld-
verschreibungen begeben werden].  
"Transaction" 
means 
[insert 
description of envisaged transaction 
for which the Notes are intended to be 
issued for refinancing purposes]. 
 
 
"Transaktionskündigungsfrist" 
bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab dem 
[Begebungstag einfügen] bis zum 
[Datum Ende des Zeitraums einfügen]. 
"Transaction Notice Period" means 
the period from [insert issue date] to 
[insert end of period date]. 
 
 
"Transaktions-Mitteilung" 
be-
zeichnet eine Mitteilung der Emittentin 
an die Anleihegläubiger gemäß § 4(d) 
und § 11 innerhalb der Transaktions-
kündigungsfrist, dass die Transaktion 
vor ihrem Abschluss beendet wurde 
oder 
dass 
die 
Transaktion 
aus 
irgendeinem Grund nicht durchgeführt 
wird 
oder 
dass 
die 
Emittentin 
öffentlich erklärt hat, dass sie nicht 
länger beabsichtigt, die Transaktion zu 
verfolgen. 
Die 
Transaktions-
Mitteilung hat ferner den Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zu bezeichnen.  
"Transaction Trigger Notice" means 
a notice to the Noteholders given in 
accordance with § 4(d) and § 11 within 
the Transaction Notice Period that the 
Transaction has been terminated prior 
to 
its 
completion 
or 
that 
the 
Transaction will not be settled for any 
reason whatsoever or that the Issuer has 
publicly stated that it no longer intends 
to 
pursue 
the 
Transaction. 
The 
Transaction Trigger Notice shall also 
specify the Trigger Redemption Date.  
 
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht zur 
vorzeitigen 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Eintritt 
eines der oben bezeichneten Ereignisse 
durch Bekanntmachung gemäß § 11 
verzichten. 
At any time the Issuer may waive its 
right to call the Notes for redemption 
following the occurrence of one of the 
events detailed above, by giving notice 
in accordance with § 11. 
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag" bezeichnet [Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag einfügen]. 
"Trigger Call Redemption Amount" 
means [insert Trigger Call Redemption 
Amount]. 
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag" 
bezeichnet den in der Transaktions-
Mitteilung 
festgelegten 
nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag, der auf den Ablauf 
der Transaktionskündigungsfrist folgt. 
"Trigger Call Redemption Date" 
means the next Interest Payment Date 
following 
the 
expiration 
of 
the 
Transaction Notice Period, specified in 
the Transaction Trigger Notice.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
Falls die 
Anleihegläu-
biger eben-
falls ein 
Recht haben, 
die Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
gilt folgen-
des: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht nicht 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der 
Anleihegläubiger in Ausübung seines 
Rechts gemäß § 4(e) verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note which is 
the subject of the prior exercise by the 
Noteholder thereof of its option to 
require the redemption of such Note in 
accordance with § 4(e). 
If Notes are 
also subject 
to early 
redemption 
at the option 
of the 
Noteholders, 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen wegen 
eines gerin-
gen 
ausstehen-
den Nennbe-
trags vorzei-
tig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
[(iii)] 
Sofern zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen auf 15 % oder 
weniger des Gesamtnennbetrages der 
Schuldverschreibungen der Serie, die 
ursprünglich 
ausgegeben 
wurden 
(einschließlich 
Schuldverschreibungen, die gemäß § 
12 zusätzlich begeben worden sind), 
fällt, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt 
und 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
jederzeit mit Wirkung zu dem in der 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
festgelegten nächsten Zinszahlungstag 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
zu 
kündigen. Wenn die Emittentin ihr 
Kündigungsrecht gemäß § 4(c)[(iii)] 
Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, jede Schuldverschreibung 
an dem in der Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag zu ihrer Festgelegten 
Stückelung zuzüglich der bis zum 
festgelegten 
Kündigungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
[(iii)] 
If at any time the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding is 
equal to or less than 15 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes of the Series originally issued 
(including any Notes additionally 
issued in accordance with § 12), the 
Issuer may, upon giving a notice of 
redemption in accordance with § 4(d), 
call the Notes for early redemption (in 
whole but not in part) at any time with 
effect on the next Interest Payment 
Date as specified in the notice in 
accordance with § 4(d). If the Issuer 
exercises its call right in accordance 
with sentence 1 of § 4(c)[(iii)], the 
Issuer shall redeem each Note at its 
Specified Denomination together with 
interest accrued to but excluding the 
redemption date specified in the notice 
on the redemption date specified in the 
notice. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early 
redemption 
at the option 
of the Issuer 
for a mini-
mal out-
standing 
principal 
amount, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
Kündigungserklärung.  Die Emittentin hat die 
Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung gemäß § 4(b) oder 
§ 4(c) 
durch 
Veröffentlichung 
einer 
Bekanntmachung an die Anleihegläubiger 
gemäß § 11 unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 
Tagen zu 
erklären. 
Die Kündigung ist 
unwiderruflich, und in ihr wird bestimmt: 
(d) 
Notice.  The Issuer shall call the Notes for early 
redemption pursuant to § 4(b) or § 4(c) by 
publishing a notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 11 subject to observing a 
notice period of not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify: 
 
 
– 
genaue 
Bezeichnung 
der 
zur 
Rückzahlung 
anstehenden 
Serie, 
einschließlich 
der 
Wertpapierkennungen; 
– 
precise designation of the Series of 
Notes subject to redemption, including 
the securities codes; 
 
 
– 
der betreffende Tag der vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung; [und] 
– 
the 
applicable 
date 
of 
early 
redemption; [and] 
 
 
– 
der betreffende Rückzahlungsbetrag, 
zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zurückgezahlt werden[.][; 
und] 
– 
the applicable redemption amount at 
which such Notes are to be redeemed 
early[.][; and] 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Wahl-
recht hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen vorzeitig 
nach Eintritt 
eines 
transak-
tionsbezoge-
– 
eine Erklärung, ob die Schuldver-
schreibungen ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt werden und im letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
– 
whether the Notes will be redeemed in 
whole or in part and, if only in part, the 
aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes which are to be redeemed. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early 
redemption 
at the option 
of the issuer 
upon occur-
rence of a 
transaction 
related 
event, the 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise 
zurückgezahlt werden, werden die betreffenden 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the 
relevant Notes to be redeemed shall be selected

--- Page 75 ---
75 
nen 
Ereignisses 
zum Ereig-
nis-Wahl-
rückzah-
lungsbetrag 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
den 
Regeln 
des 
betreffenden Clearingsystems ausgewählt. 
in accordance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System. 
following 
applies: 
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in 
den Registern von Clearstream, Luxemburg und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als 
Pool-Faktor 
oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.] 
[In the case of Notes in NGN form the 
following applies: Such partial redemption 
shall be reflected in the records of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in aggregate principal 
amount, at the discretion of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear.] 
 
Die Emittentin wird jeder Börse, an der die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf Veranlassung der 
Emittentin notiert sind und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, umgehend 
Mitteilung über die Kündigung machen. 
The Issuer will inform, if required by such stock 
exchange on which the Notes are listed at the 
initiative of the Issuer, such stock exchange as 
soon as possible of such redemption. 
 
 
(e) 
[Keine vorzeitige] [Vorzeitige] Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl des Anleihegläubigers. 
(e) 
[No early] [Early] redemption at the option of a 
Noteholder. 
 
Falls die 
Anleihegläu-
biger kein 
Recht haben, 
die vorzei-
tige Rück-
zahlung der 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen zu 
verlangen, 
gilt folgen-
des: 
Die Anleihegläubiger sind außer in Fällen des 
[falls die Schuldverschreibungen im Fall 
eines Kontrollwechsels vorzeitig kündbar 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: § 4(g) oder 
des] § 8 zu keinem Zeitpunkt berechtigt, von der 
Emittentin eine vorzeitige Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen. 
The Noteholders shall not be entitled to put the 
Notes for redemption otherwise than provided in 
[if the Notes are subject to Early Redemption 
as a result of a Change of Control the 
following applies: § 4(g) and] § 8 at any time. 
If Notes are 
not subject 
to early 
redemption 
at the option 
of the 
Noteholders, 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihe-
gläubiger ein 
Recht haben, 
die vorzei-
tige Rück-
zahlung der 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen zu 
verlangen, 
gilt folgen-
des: 
(i) 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung nach Wahl des 
Anleihegläubigers am / an den Put-
Rückzahlungstag(en) zum jeweiligen 
Put-Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich der 
bis 
zum 
Put-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Noteholder, redeem such Note on the 
Put Redemption Date(s) at the relevant 
Put Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to but excluding the 
Put Redemption Date. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early 
redemption 
at the option 
of the 
Noteholders, 
the following 
applies: 
 
Put-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
Put-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Put Redemption 
Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
 
[Put-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
einfügen] 
[Put-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/ 
beträge einfügen] 
[insert Put Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[insert Put Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
 
Dem Anleihegläubiger steht das Recht, 
die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
zu 
verlangen, nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor 
gemäß § 4 verlangt hat. 
The Noteholder may not exercise the 
option for early redemption in respect 
of any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Issuer of its right 
to redeem such Note in accordance 
with § 4. 
 
 
(ii) 
Um dieses Recht auszuüben, hat der 
Anleihegläubiger nicht weniger als 30 
und nicht mehr als 60 Tage vor dem 
Put-Rückzahlungstag, an dem die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß der Ausübungserklärung (wie 
nachstehend definiert) zurückgezahlt 
werden sollen, bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
während der normalen Geschäftszeiten 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte 
Erklärung 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
("Ausübungserklärung"), wie sie von 
der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle 
erhältlich 
ist, 
zu 
(ii) 
In order to exercise the option, the 
Noteholder must, not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days before the Put 
Redemption Date on which such 
redemption is required to be made as 
specified in the Put Notice (as defined 
below), submit during normal business 
hours at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent a duly completed early 
redemption notice ("Put Notice") in 
the form available from the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent. The Put 
Notice must specify (i) the principal 
amount of the Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised, and (ii) 
the securities identification numbers of

--- Page 76 ---
76 
hinterlegen. Die Ausübungserklärung 
hat anzugeben: (i) den Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das 
Recht ausgeübt wird und (ii) die 
Wertpapierkennungen 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(soweit 
vergeben). 
Die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das 
Recht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur 
gegen 
Lieferung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
die 
Emittentin oder an deren Order. Die 
Ausübung des Rechts kann nicht 
widerrufen werden. 
such Notes, if any. The Issuer shall 
only be required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is 
exercised against delivery of such 
Notes to the Issuer or to its order. No 
option so exercised may be revoked or 
withdrawn. 
 
(f) 
Erwerb. 
(f) 
Purchase. 
 
 
Die 
Emittentin 
oder 
jede 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
können 
jederzeit 
vorbehaltlich 
zwingender 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen Schuldverschreibungen auf dem 
freien Markt oder anderweitig sowie zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis erwerben. Derartig erworbene 
Schuldverschreibungen können eingezogen, 
gehalten oder wieder veräußert werden. 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any 
time and subject to mandatory provisions of law 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price. Such acquired Notes may be 
cancelled, held or resold. 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen im Fall 
eines Kon-
trollwechsels 
vorzeitig 
kündbar 
sind, gilt 
folgendes: 
(g) 
Kontrollwechsel. 
(g) 
Change of Control. 
If the Notes 
are subject 
to Early 
Redemption 
as a result of 
a Change of 
Control the 
following 
applies: 
Tritt (i) ein Kontrollwechsel ein und (ii) kommt 
es innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums zu 
einer Absenkung des Ratings (zusammen, ein 
"Rückzahlungsereignis"), 
hat 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger das Recht (sofern nicht die 
Emittentin, bevor die nachstehend beschriebene 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung gemacht wird, die 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen nach 
§ 4 (b) [oder (c)] angezeigt hat), die 
Rückzahlung seiner Schuldverschreibungen 
durch die Emittentin zu ihrer Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
zuzüglich 
der 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zu verlangen. 
If there (i) occurs a Change of Control and (ii) 
within the Change of Control Period a Rating 
Downgrade occurs (together called a "Put 
Event"), each Noteholder will have the option 
(unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event 
Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice 
to redeem the Notes in accordance with § 4(b) 
[or (c)]) to require the Issuer to redeem that Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date at its 
Specified Denomination together with interest 
accrued to 
but 
excluding the 
Optional 
Redemption Date. 
Für Zwecke dieses Wahlrechts: 
For the purposes of such option: 
 
Bedeutet "Rating Agentur" jede Ratingagentur 
von Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"), 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") und 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") 
oder eine ihrer Nachfolgegesellschaften oder 
jede andere Rating Agentur vergleichbaren 
internationalen Ansehens, wie von Zeit zu Zeit 
durch die Emittentin bestimmt; 
"Rating Agency" means the rating agencies of 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"), 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") and 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") 
or any of their respective successors or any other 
rating agency of equivalent international 
standing specified from time to time by the 
Issuer; 
 
Gilt eine "Absenkung des Ratings" in Bezug 
auf einen Kontrollwechsel als eingetreten, wenn 
(a) innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums ein 
vorher 
für 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vergebenes Rating einer 
Rating Agentur (i) zurückgezogen oder (ii) von 
einem Investment Grade Rating (BBB- von 
Fitch, Baa3 von Moody's oder BBB- von S&P 
oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder besser) in ein 
non-Investment Grade Rating (BB+ von Fitch, 
Ba1 von Moody's oder BB+ von S&P oder 
jeweils gleichwertig, oder schlechter) geändert 
oder 
(iii) 
(falls 
das 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vergebene Rating einer 
Rating Agentur unterhalb des Investment Grade 
Ratings liegt) um einen ganzen Punkt (von BB+ 
zu BB von Fitch, von Ba1 zu Ba2 von Moody's 
oder von BB+ zu BB von S&P oder eine 
ähnliche 
Absenkung 
eines gleichwertigen 
Ratings) abgesenkt wird oder (b) zur Zeit des 
Kontrollwechsels 
kein 
Rating 
für 
die 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to 
have occurred in respect of a Change of Control 
(a) if within the Change of Control Period any 
rating previously assigned to the Issuer or the 
Notes by any Rating Agency is (i) withdrawn or 
(ii) changed from an investment grade rating 
(BBB- by Fitch, Baa3 by Moody's or BBB- by 
S&P, or their respective equivalents for the time 
being, or better) to a non-investment grade 
rating (BB+ by Fitch, Ba1 by Moody's or BB+ 
by S&P, or their respective equivalents for the 
time being, or worse) or (iii) (if the rating 
assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency 
shall be below an investment grade rating) 
lowered one full rating notch (from BB+ to BB 
by Fitch, from Ba1 to Ba2 by Moody's or from 
BB+ to BB by S&P or such similar lower of the 
respective equivalent rating) or (b) if at the time 
of the Change of Control, there is no rating 
assigned to the Notes or the Issuer and no Rating 
Agency assigns during the Change of Control

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Schuldverschreibungen oder die Emittentin 
vergeben ist und keine Rating Agentur während 
des Kontrollwechselzeitraums ein Investment 
Grade Rating für die Schuldverschreibungen 
vergibt (es sei denn, die Emittentin ist trotz 
zumutbarer Anstrengungen innerhalb dieses 
Zeitraums nicht in der Lage, ein solches Rating 
zu erhalten, ohne dass dies seine Ursache im 
Kontrollwechsel hat); 
Period an investment grade credit rating to the 
Notes (unless the Issuer is unable to obtain such 
a rating within such period having used all 
reasonable endeavours to do so and such failure 
is unconnected with the occurrence of the 
Change of Control); 
Ein "Kontrollwechsel" ist eingetreten, wenn 
und sobald irgendeine Person oder eine Gruppe 
von Personen, die abgestimmt handeln (im 
Sinne von § 2 Absatz 5 des Wertpapiererwerbs- 
und Übernahmegesetzes – WpÜG) mehr als 
50% der Stimmrechte in der Emittentin 
erwerben, soweit es sich nicht um Familien-
Aktionäre oder um ein von diesen Beherrschtes 
Unternehmen handelt. 
A "Change of Control" occurs if and when any 
person or group of persons acting in concert 
(within the meaning of section 2 para. 5 of the 
German Takeover Act (Wertpapiererwerbs- 
und Übernahmegesetz – WpÜG)) other than the 
Family Shareholders and any of their Controlled 
Entities acquires ownership of more than 50 per 
cent. of the voting rights in the Issuer. 
 
 
"Familien-Aktionäre" sind Maria Elisabeth 
Schaeffler-Thumann 
und 
Georg 
F.W. 
Schaeffler und ihre jeweiligen gesetzlichen oder 
eingesetzten Erben. 
"Family Shareholders" means Maria Elisabeth 
Schaeffler-Thumann and Georg F.W. Schaeffler 
and in each case their respective legal or 
appointed heirs. 
 
 
Ein "Beherrschtes Unternehmen" ist, bezogen 
auf einer Person, eine juristische Person, welche 
direkt oder 
indirekt 
von dieser 
Person 
kontrolliert wird. 
A "Controlled Entity" means, in relation to any 
person, an entity which is controlled directly or 
indirectly by that person. 
 
 
Ist 
der 
"Kontrollwechselzeitraum" 
der 
Zeitraum, der 90 Tage nach dem Eintritt eines 
Kontrollwechsels endet; und 
"Change of Control Period" means the period 
ending 90 days after the occurrence of the 
Change of Control; and 
 
 
Ist der "Rückzahlungstag" der siebte Tag nach 
dem letzten Tag des Rückzahlungszeitraums. 
The "Optional Redemption Date" is the 
seventh day after the last day of the Put Period. 
 
 
Sofort nachdem die Emittentin von einem 
Rückzahlungsereignis Kenntnis erlangt, wird 
die Emittentin den Anleihegläubigern gemäß 
§ 11 Mitteilung vom Rückzahlungsereignis 
machen (eine "Rückzahlungsmitteilung"), in 
der die Umstände des Rückzahlungsereignisses 
sowie das Verfahren für die Ausübung des in 
diesem § 4 (g) genannten Wahlrechts angegeben 
sind. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a 
Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a "Put Event Notice") to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 11 specifying 
the nature of the Put Event and the 
circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure 
for exercising the option set out in this §4(g). 
 
 
Zur Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts muss der 
Anleihegläubiger 
während 
der 
normalen 
Geschäftsstunden innerhalb eines Zeitraums 
(der "Rückzahlungszeitraum") von 45 Tagen, 
nachdem 
die 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung 
veröffentlicht 
ist, 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte 
und 
unterzeichnete 
Ausübungserklärung bei der angegebenen 
Niederlassung der Emissionsstelle einreichen 
(die "Ausübungserklärung"), die in ihrer 
jeweils 
maßgeblichen 
Form 
bei 
der 
angegebenen Niederlassung der Emissionsstelle 
erhältlich ist. Ein so ausgeübtes Wahlrecht kann 
nicht 
ohne 
vorherige 
Zustimmung 
der 
Emittentin widerrufen oder zurückgezogen 
werden. 
In order to exercise such option, the Noteholder 
must submit during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly 
completed option exercise notice ("Exercise 
Notice") in the form available from the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent within the period (the 
"Put Period") of 45 days after a Put Event 
Notice is given. No option so exercised may be 
revoked or withdrawn without the prior consent 
of the Issuer. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
§ 5 
Zahlungen 
§ 5 
Payments 
 
 
(a) 
Zahlungen.  Die Zahlung von Kapital und 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt 
an das Clearingsystem oder an dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearingsystems. 
Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt 
(a) 
Payments.  Payment of principal and interest on 
the Notes shall be made to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System for credit to the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note shall be made, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(c).

--- Page 78 ---
78 
nach ordnungsgemäßem Nachweis gemäß 
§ 1(c). 
 
(b) 
Zahlungsweise.  Sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu leistende Zahlungen 
werden in der Festgelegten Währung geleistet. 
Den Anleihegläubigern werden keine Kosten 
oder Gebühren in Bezug auf diese Zahlungen 
auferlegt. Sämtliche Zahlungen stehen unter 
dem Vorbehalt geltender steuerlicher und 
sonstiger gesetzlicher Vorschriften, Richtlinien 
und Verordnungen oder Verträge denen sich die 
Emittentin, der Emissionsstelle oder eine 
Zahlstelle unterworfen haben. Vorbehaltlich § 6 
ist die Emittentin nicht verpflichtet, zusätzliche 
Beträge als Ausgleich für irgendwelche Steuern 
oder Abgaben gleich welcher Art, die aufgrund 
solcher steuerlichen oder sonstigen gesetzlichen 
Vorschriften, Richtlinien oder Verordnungen 
oder Verträge auferlegt oder erhoben werden, an 
die Anleihegläubiger zu zahlen. 
(b) 
Manner of Payment.  Payments of any amounts 
due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the 
Specified 
Currency. 
No 
commission 
or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in 
respect of such payments. All payments will be 
subject to all applicable fiscal and other laws, 
directives and regulations or agreements to 
which the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or any Paying 
Agent agree to be subject. Without prejudice to 
the provisions of § 6, the Issuer will not be 
obliged to pay to the Noteholders any additional 
amounts as compensation for any taxes or duties 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by such 
fiscal and other laws, regulations, directives or 
agreements. 
 
 
(c) 
Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung 
an das Clearingsystem oder an dessen Order von 
ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(c) 
The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or 
to the order of, the Clearing System. 
 
 
(d) 
Zahltag.  Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf 
einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der 
Anleihegläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung 
vor dem nächstfolgenden Zahltag am jeweiligen 
Geschäftsort. Der Anleihegläubiger ist nicht 
berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu 
verlangen. 
(d) 
Payment Business Day.  If the due date for 
payment of any amount in respect of any Note 
is not a Payment Business Day then the 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until 
the next such day in the relevant place and shall 
not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. 
 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" jeden 
Geschäftstag. 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" 
means a day which is a Business Day. 
 
 
§ 6 
Besteuerung 
§ 6 
Taxation 
 
 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge werden ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern, 
Abgaben, Festsetzungen oder behördlicher Gebühren 
jedweder Art geleistet ("Steuern"), die von dem Staat, in 
dem die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist oder einer 
seiner Gebietskörperschaften oder zur Erhebung von 
Steuern berechtigten Behörden oder sonstigen Stellen 
auferlegt, erhoben, eingezogen, einbehalten oder 
festgesetzt werden, sofern nicht die Emittentin kraft 
Gesetzes oder einer sonstigen Rechtsvorschrift zu einem 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet ist. Sofern die 
Emittentin zu einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug 
verpflichtet ist, wird die Emittentin zusätzliche Beträge 
(die "Zusätzlichen Beträge") an die Anleihegläubiger 
zahlen, so dass die Anleihegläubiger die Beträge 
erhalten, die sie ohne den betreffenden Einbehalt oder 
Abzug erhalten hätten. Solche Zusätzlichen Beträge sind 
jedoch nicht zahlbar wegen solcher Steuern in Bezug auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, die 
All amounts to be paid in respect of the Notes will be paid 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature ("Taxes") imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by the Issuer's country of 
domicile for tax purposes or any political subdivision or 
any authority or any other agency of or in the Issuer's 
country of domicile for tax purposes that has power to 
tax, unless the Issuer is compelled by law to make such 
withholding or deduction. If the Issuer is required to 
make such withholding or deduction, the Issuer will pay 
such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") to 
the Noteholders as the Noteholders would have received 
if no such withholding or deduction had been required, 
except that no such Additional Amounts will be payable 
for any such Taxes in respect of any Note which: 
 
 
(a) 
von 
einer 
als 
Depotbank 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere Weise 
zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(a)  
are payable by any person acting as custodian 
bank or collecting agent on behalf of a 
Noteholder, or otherwise in any manner which 
does not constitute a deduction or withholding 
by the Issuer from payments of principal or 
interest made by it; or 
 
 
(b) 
wegen einer Verbindung des betreffenden 
Anleihegläubigers zu dem Staat, in dem die 
Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist, die nicht nur 
aus 
der 
bloßen 
Inhaberschaft 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen besteht, einzubehalten 
oder abzuziehen sind; oder 
(b) 
are to be withheld or deducted by reason of the 
relevant Noteholder having some connection 
with the Issuer's country of domicile for tax 
purposes other than the mere holding of that 
Note; or

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
(c) 
aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung 
der 
Europäischen 
Union 
betreffend 
die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung, 
eines 
zwischenstaatlichen Abkommens oder einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Verständigung über deren 
Besteuerung, an der der Staat, in dem die 
Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer 
gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, 
Verordnung, Vereinbarung, Verständigung oder 
dieses Abkommen umsetzt oder befolgt, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
(c) 
are to be withheld or deducted pursuant to (i) 
any European Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or 
(ii) any international treaty, agreement or 
understanding relating to such taxation and to 
which the Issuer's country of domicile for tax 
purposes or the European Union is a party, or 
(iii) any provision of law implementing, or 
complying with, or introduced to conform with, 
such Directive, Regulation, treaty, agreement or 
understanding; or 
 
 
(d) 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten sind, welche später als 30 Tage 
nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung oder, 
wenn dies später erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 11 
wirksam wird; oder 
(d) 
are to be withheld or deducted by reason of a 
change in law that becomes effective more than 
30 days after the relevant payment becomes due, 
or is duly provided for and notice thereof is 
published in accordance with § 11, whichever 
occurs later; or 
 
 
(e) 
von einer Zahlung an einen Anleihegläubiger 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind, der in 
einem nicht kooperativen Steuerhoheitsgebiet 
im Sinne des Gesetzes zur Abwehr von 
Steuervermeidung 
und 
unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb (Steueroasen-Abwehrgesetz) 
wie jeweils geändert oder ersetzt (einschließlich 
der aufgrund von diesem Gesetz ergangenen 
Verordnungen)) ansässig ist. 
(e) 
are to be withheld or deducted from any 
payment to be made to a Noteholder being 
resident of a non-cooperative country or 
territory 
(nicht 
kooperatives 
Steuerhoheitsgebiet) within the meaning of the 
act to prevent tax evasion and unfair tax 
competition (Steueroasen-Abwehrgesetz) as 
amended or replaced from time to time 
(including any ordinance (Verordnung) enacted 
based on this act). 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist keinesfalls verpflichtet, Zusätzliche 
Beträge in Bezug auf einen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
Beträgen zu zahlen, die gemäß Sections 1471 bis 1474 
des U.S. Internal Revenue Code (in der jeweils geltenden 
Fassung oder gemäß Nachfolgebestimmungen), gemäß 
zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen, gemäß den in einer 
anderen Rechtsordnung in Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Bestimmungen erlassenen Durchführungsvorschriften 
oder gemäß mit dem Internal Revenue Service 
geschlossenen Verträgen von der Emittentin, der 
jeweiligen Zahlstelle oder einem anderen Beteiligten 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten 
wurden 
("FATCA-
Steuerabzug") oder Anleger in Bezug auf einen 
FATCA-Steuerabzug schadlos zu halten. 
In any event, the Issuer will have no obligation to pay 
Additional amounts deducted or withheld by the Issuer, 
the relevant Paying Agent or any other party ("FATCA 
Withholding") in relation to any withholding or 
deduction of any amounts required by the rules of U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or 
any amended or successor provisions), pursuant to any 
inter-governmental 
agreement, 
or 
implementing 
legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in connection 
with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or indemnify any 
investor in relation to any FATCA Withholding. 
 
 
§ 7 
Vorlegung, Verjährung 
§ 7 
Presentation, Prescription 
 
 
(a) 
Vorlegungsfrist.  Die Vorlegungsfrist gemäß 
§ 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB für fällige 
Schuldverschreibungen wird auf zehn Jahre 
verkürzt. 
(a) 
Presentation.  The period for presentation of 
Notes due, as established in § 801(1) sentence 1 
of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch), is reduced to ten years. 
 
 
(b) 
Verjährungsfrist.  Die 
Verjährungsfrist 
für 
innerhalb der Vorlegungsfrist zur Zahlung 
vorgelegte Schuldverschreibungen beträgt zwei 
Jahre 
von 
dem 
Ende 
der 
betreffenden 
Vorlegungsfrist an. 
(b) 
Prescription.  The period for prescription for 
Notes presented for payment during the 
presentation period shall be two years beginning 
at the end of the relevant presentation period. 
 
 
§ 8 
Kündigungsgründe für die Anleihegläubiger 
§ 8 
Events of Default 
 
 
(a) 
Bei 
Eintritt 
und 
Fortdauer 
eines 
der 
nachstehenden 
Ereignisse 
ist 
ein 
Anleihegläubiger 
berechtigt, 
seine 
Schuldverschreibungen durch Mitteilung in 
Textform an die Emittentin, die bei der 
Emittentin 
oder 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
abzugeben ist, zur sofortigen Rückzahlung 
fällig 
zu 
stellen, 
woraufhin 
seine 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ohne 
weitere 
Handlungen oder Formalitäten sofort zu ihrer 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
zuzüglich 
aufgelaufener Zinsen fällig werden: 
(a) 
If any of the events below occurs and is 
continuing, then any Note may, by notice in text 
form addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or, alternatively, the Fiscal Agent, be 
declared due and payable, whereupon such Note 
will become immediately due and payable at its 
Specified Denomination together with accrued 
interest without further action or formality:

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
(i) 
Nichtzahlung.  Die Emittentin zahlt 
Zinsbeträge 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht innerhalb 
von 30 Geschäftstagen nach Fälligkeit; 
oder 
(i) 
Non-payment.  Failure by the Issuer to 
pay any amount of interest in respect of 
the Notes within 30 business days of 
the due date for payment of that 
amount; or 
 
 
(ii) 
Nichterfüllung sonstiger wesentlicher 
Verpflichtungen.  Die 
Emittentin 
unterlässt 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung 
irgendeiner 
sonstigen 
wesentlichen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
und 
die 
Unterlassung dauert länger als 60 Tage 
fort, nachdem die Emissionsstelle 
hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von 
einem Anleihegläubiger erhalten hat; 
oder 
(ii) 
Non-fulfilment 
of 
other 
material 
obligations.  The Issuer fails to duly 
perform any other material obligation 
arising under the Notes and any such 
failure continues for more than 60 days 
after the Fiscal Agent has received 
notice thereof from a Noteholder; or 
 
 
(iii) 
Cross Acceleration.  Eine (nicht im 
Rahmen der Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehende) 
Kapitalmarkt-
verbindlichkeit der Emittentin wird 
infolge 
eines 
Kündigungsgrunds 
(unabhängig von der Bezeichnung) vor 
ihrer festgelegten Fälligkeit fällig und 
zahlbar (sei es durch Kündigung, 
automatische vorzeitige Fälligstellung 
oder auf andere Weise) mit der 
Maßgabe, dass der Gesamtbetrag der 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
mindestens EUR 100.000.000 (oder 
den Gegenwert in einer anderen 
Währung) beträgt; oder 
(iii) 
Cross 
Acceleration.  Any 
Capital 
Market Indebtedness of the Issuer 
(other than under the Notes) becomes 
due and payable prior to its specified 
maturity (whether by declaration, 
automatic acceleration or otherwise) as 
a result of an event of default 
(howsoever described), provided that 
the aggregate amount of Capital 
Market Indebtedness amounts to at 
least 
EUR 100,000,000 
(or 
its 
equivalent in other currencies); or 
 
 
(iv) 
Insolvenz etc. 
(iv) 
Insolvency etc. 
 
 
(A) 
die 
Emittentin 
gibt 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt 
oder stellt ihre Zahlungen ein, 
oder 
(A) 
the 
Issuer 
announces 
its 
inability to meet its financial 
obligations 
(Zahlungsunfähigkeit) 
or 
suspends payments; or 
 
 
(B) 
ein 
Gericht 
eröffnet 
ein 
Insolvenzverfahren gegen die 
Emittentin; oder 
(B) 
a court opens insolvency 
proceedings 
against 
the 
Issuer; or  
 
 
(C) 
die Emittentin geht in die 
Liquidation 
oder 
wird 
abgewickelt oder aufgelöst 
(sofern dies nicht für die 
Zwecke oder als Folge eines 
Zusammenschlusses, 
einer 
Umstrukturierung 
oder 
Sanierung geschieht, bei dem 
bzw. der die Emittentin noch 
zahlungsfähig ist und bei dem 
bzw. der die fortführende 
Gesellschaft im Wesentlichen 
alle 
Vermögenswerte 
und 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin übernimmt). 
(C) 
the Issuer enters into a 
winding up or dissolution and 
liquidation (other than for the 
purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation 
or 
restructuring 
whilst 
solvent, where the continuing 
entity assumes substantially 
all 
of 
the 
assets 
and 
obligations of the Issuer). 
 
 
(b) 
Quorum.  In den Fällen von § 8(a)(ii) bis (iv) 
wird eine Kündigung erst wirksam, wenn bei der 
Emissionsstelle Kündigungserklärungen von 
Anleihegläubigern von Schuldverschreibungen 
im Nennbetrag von mindestens 10 % der dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen sind. Die Wirkung einer solchen 
Kündigung entfällt, wenn die Anleihegläubiger 
dies binnen drei Monaten mit Mehrheit 
beschließen. Für den Beschluss über die 
Unwirksamkeit der Kündigung genügt die 
einfache Mehrheit der Stimmrechte, es müssen 
aber in jedem Fall mehr Anleihegläubiger 
zustimmen als gekündigt haben. 
(b) 
Quorum.  In the events specified in § 8(a)(ii) to 
(iv), any notice declaring Notes due shall 
become effective only when the Fiscal Agent 
has received such notices from the Noteholders 
of at least 10 per cent. in principal amount of 
Notes then outstanding. Any such termination 
shall become ineffective if within three months 
the majority of the Noteholders so resolve. The 
resolution in relation to the ineffectiveness of a 
termination may be passed by simple majority 
of the voting rights, provided, however, that in 
each case there must be more Noteholders 
consenting to such resolution than Noteholders 
having terminated the Notes.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
§ 9 
Emissionsstelle, 
Zahlstelle(n) 
und 
Berechnungsstelle 
§ 9 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
Paying 
Agent(s) 
and 
Calculation Agent 
 
 
(a) 
Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle.  Die 
Emissionsstelle, 
die 
Zahlstelle 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle sind nachstehend mit den 
benannten 
anfänglichen 
Geschäftsstellen 
aufgeführt: 
(a) 
Appointment, 
specified 
office.  The 
Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent and their respective initial specified 
offices are as follows: 
 
 
"Emissionsstelle" und "Zahlstelle":  
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz)  
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland 
"Fiscal Agent" and "Paying Agent":  
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz)  
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
"Berechnungsstelle": 
[●]. 
"Calculation Agent": 
[●]. 
 
 
(b) 
Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung.  Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
zusätzliche Zahlstellen (gemeinsam mit der 
vorgenannten Zahlstelle, die "Zahlstellen" und 
jede eine "Zahlstelle") zu benennen.  
(b) 
Variation or termination of appointment.  The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to appoint 
additional paying agents (together with the 
Paying Agent specified above, the "Paying 
Agents" and each a "Paying Agent").  
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich ferner das Recht vor, 
die 
Ernennung 
der 
Emissionsstelle, 
der 
Zahlstellen und der Berechnungsstelle jederzeit 
anders zu regeln oder zu beenden. 
The Issuer further reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird sicherstellen, dass jederzeit 
(i) 
eine 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle, (ii) eine Zahlstelle mit einer 
Geschäftsstelle in einer Stadt auf dem 
europäischen Festland und (iii) so lange die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf Veranlassung der 
Emittentin an einer Börse notiert werden, eine 
Zahlstelle mit einer benannten Geschäftsstelle 
an 
dem 
von 
der 
betreffenden 
Börse 
vorgeschriebenen 
Ort 
bestimmt 
ist. 
Die 
Emissionsstelle, etwaige Zahlstellen und die 
Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit anstelle ihrer jeweils benannten 
Geschäftsstelle eine andere Geschäftsstelle in 
derselben 
Stadt 
zu 
bestimmen. 
Bekanntmachungen 
hinsichtlich 
aller 
Veränderungen 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Emissionsstelle, etwaige Zahlstellen und die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen unverzüglich durch 
die Emittentin gemäß § 11. 
The Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal 
Agent and a Calculation Agent (ii) a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in a continental 
European city and (iii) so long as the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange at the initiative of the 
Issuer, a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
such city as may be required by the rules of the 
relevant stock exchange. The Fiscal Agent, any 
Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent reserve 
the right at any time to change their respective 
specified offices to some other specified office 
in the same city. Notice of all changes in the 
identities or specified offices of the Fiscal 
Agent, any Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent will be given promptly by the Issuer to 
the Noteholders in accordance with § 11. 
 
 
(c) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) 
der 
Emittentin.  Die 
Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle(n) und die 
Berechnungsstelle handeln ausschließlich als 
Beauftragte der Emittentin und übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen gegenüber dem 
Anleihegläubiger; es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und dem 
Anleihegläubiger begründet. 
(c) 
Agent of the Issuer.  The Fiscal Agent, any 
Paying Agent(s) and the Calculation Agent act 
solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for the Noteholder. 
 
 
Die Emissionsstellen, die Zahlstelle(n) und die 
Berechnungsstelle können den Rat eines oder 
mehrerer 
Rechtsanwälte 
oder 
anderer 
Sachverständiger einholen, deren Beratung oder 
Dienste sie für notwendig hält, und sich auf eine 
solche Beratung verlassen. Die Emissionsstelle, 
die Zahlstelle(n) und die Berechnungsstelle 
übernehmen keine Haftung gegenüber den 
Anleihegläubigern im Zusammenhang mit 
Handlungen, die in gutem Glauben im Einklang 
mit einer solchen Beratung getätigt, unterlassen 
oder geduldet wurden. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent(s) and the 
Calculation Agent may engage the advice or 
services of any lawyers or other experts whose 
advice or services it deems necessary and may 
rely upon any advice so obtained. Neither the 
Fiscal Agent nor the Paying Agent nor the 
Calculation Agent will incur any liability as 
against the Noteholders in respect of any action 
taken, or not taken, or suffered to be taken, or 
not taken, in accordance with such advice in 
good faith.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
§ 10 
Schuldnerersetzung 
§ 10 
Substitution 
 
 
(a) 
Ersetzung. 
(a) 
Substitution. 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, ohne 
Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger, eine andere 
Gesellschaft, die direkt oder indirekt von der 
Emittentin kontrolliert wird ("Verbundene 
Unternehmen", wie in § 15 AktG definiert), als 
neue Emittentin für alle sich aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
ergebenden 
Verpflichtungen 
mit 
schuldbefreiender Wirkung für die Emittentin 
an die Stelle der Emittentin zu setzen (die "Neue 
Emittentin"), sofern 
The Issuer may at any time, without the consent 
of the Noteholders, substitute for the Issuer any 
other company which is directly or indirectly 
controlled 
by 
the 
Issuer 
("Affiliated 
Companies", as defined in Section 15 German 
Stock Corporation Act –Aktiengesetz), as new 
issuer (the "New Issuer") in respect of all 
obligations arising under or in connection with 
the Notes with the effect of releasing the Issuer 
of all such obligations, if: 
 
 
(i) 
die 
Neue 
Emittentin 
sämtliche 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus 
oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt 
und, sofern eine Zustellung an die 
Neue 
Emittentin 
außerhalb 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland erfolgen 
müsste, 
einen 
Zustellungsbevoll-
mächtigten in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland bestellt; 
(i) 
the New Issuer assumes any and all 
obligations of the Issuer arising under 
or in connection with the Notes and, if 
service of process vis-à-vis the New 
Issuer would have to be effected 
outside the Federal Republic of 
Germany, appoints a process agent 
within 
the 
Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany; 
 
 
(ii) 
die Emittentin und die Neue Emittentin 
sämtliche für die Schuldnerersetzung 
und die Erfüllung der Verpflichtungen 
aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen erforderlichen 
Genehmigungen erhalten haben; 
(ii) 
the Issuer and the New Issuer have 
obtained 
all 
authorisations 
and 
approvals necessary for the substitution 
and the fulfilment of the obligations 
arising under or in connection with the 
Notes; 
 
 
(iii) 
die Neue Emittentin in der Lage ist, 
sämtliche zur Erfüllung der aufgrund 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehenden Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
erforderlichen 
Beträge 
in 
der 
Festgelegten 
Währung 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem 
oder 
die 
Emissionsstelle zu zahlen, und zwar 
ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt von 
Steuern 
oder 
sonstigen 
Abgaben 
jedweder Art, die von dem Land (oder 
den Ländern), in dem (in denen) die 
Neue Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat, auferlegt, erhoben oder 
eingezogen werden; 
(iii) 
the New Issuer is in the position to pay 
to the Clearing System or to the Fiscal 
Agent in the Specified Currency and 
without deducting or withholding any 
taxes or other duties of whatever nature 
imposed, levied or deducted by the 
country (or countries) in which the 
New Issuer has its domicile or tax 
residence all amounts required for the 
performance 
of 
the 
payment 
obligations 
arising 
from 
or 
in 
connection with the Notes; 
 
 
(iv) 
die 
Emittentin 
unbedingt 
und 
unwiderruflich die Verpflichtungen der 
Neuen 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
Bedingungen 
garantiert, 
die 
sicherstellen, 
dass 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger 
wirtschaftlich 
mindestens so gestellt wird, wie er 
ohne die Ersetzung stehen würde; 
(iv) 
the 
Issuer 
unconditionally 
and 
irrevocably 
guarantees 
such 
obligations of the New Issuer under the 
Notes on terms which ensure that each 
Noteholder will be put in an economic 
position that is at least as favourable as 
that which would have existed if the 
substitution had not taken place; 
 
 
(v) 
die Neue Emittentin sich verpflichtet 
hat, 
jeden 
Anleihegläubiger 
hinsichtlich solcher Steuern, Abgaben 
oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, 
die einem Anleihegläubiger bezüglich 
der Ersetzung auferlegt werden; und 
(v) 
the New Issuer has agreed to indemnify 
and hold harmless each Noteholder 
against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge imposed on such 
Noteholder 
in 
respect 
of 
such 
substitution; and 
 
 
(vi) 
der Emissionsstelle ein oder mehrere 
Rechtsgutachten 
von 
anerkannten 
Rechtsanwälten 
vorgelegt 
werden, 
welche 
bestätigen, 
dass 
die 
Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden 
Unterabsätzen (i) bis (v) erfüllt 
wurden. 
(vi) 
there shall have been delivered to the 
Fiscal Agent an opinion of lawyers of 
recognised standing to the effect that 
subparagraphs (i) to (v) above have 
been satisfied.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
(b) 
Bezugnahmen. 
(b) 
References. 
 
 
(i) 
Im Fall einer Schuldnerersetzung 
gemäß § 10(a) gilt jede Bezugnahme in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die 
Emittentin als eine solche auf die Neue 
Emittentin. 
(i) 
In the event of a substitution pursuant 
to § 10(a), any reference in these Terms 
and Conditions to the Issuer shall be a 
reference to the New Issuer. 
 
 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, dass dies nur 
gilt, soweit sich nicht aus Sinn und 
Zweck der jeweiligen Bedingung 
ergibt, dass die Bezugnahme entweder 
weiterhin nur auf die Schaeffler AG 
erfolgen 
soll, 
oder 
dass 
die 
Bezugnahme auf die Neue Emittentin 
und 
gleichzeitig 
auch 
auf 
die 
Schaeffler AG, im Hinblick auf deren 
Verpflichtungen aus der Garantie 
gemäß § 10(a)(iv) erfolgen soll. 
For the avoidance of doubt this shall 
apply only to the extent that the 
meaning and purpose of the relevant 
condition requires that the relevant 
reference shall continue to be a 
reference only to Schaeffler AG, or that 
the reference shall be to the New Issuer 
and Schaeffler AG, in relation to 
Schaeffler AG's obligations under the 
guarantee pursuant to § 10(a)(iv) at the 
same time. 
 
 
(ii) 
In 
§ 8 
gilt 
ein 
weiterer 
Kündigungsgrund als aufgenommen, 
der dann besteht, wenn die Garantie 
gemäß § 10(a)(iv) mit rechtskräftiger 
Entscheidung 
eines 
zuständigen 
Gerichts für nicht vollumfänglich 
wirksam erklärt wird, oder die Garantin 
einen 
Mangel 
der 
Wirksamkeit 
behauptet und dieser Mangel nicht 
innerhalb von zehn Geschäftstagen 
behoben wird. 
(ii) 
In § 8 a further event of default shall be 
deemed to have been included; such 
event of default shall exist in the case 
that 
the 
guarantee 
pursuant 
to 
§ 10(a)(iv) is determined by the final 
decision of a competent court or is 
claimed by the guarantor not to be in 
full force and effect and such defect is 
not corrected within ten business days. 
 
 
§ 11 
Bekanntmachungen 
§ 11 
Notices 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schrei-
bungen, die 
an der 
Luxem-
burger Börse 
notiert sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(a) 
Veröffentlichungen.  Alle Bekanntmachungen, 
die 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffen, 
werden (solange die Schuldverschreibungen am 
geregelten 
Markt 
der 
Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse zum Handel zugelassen sind) 
auf der Internet-Seite der Luxemburger Börse 
(derzeit unter www.bourse.lu) veröffentlicht. 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am Tag der ersten 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
(a) 
Publications.  All notices regarding the Notes 
will be published (so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(currently on www.bourse.lu). Any notice will 
become effective for all purposes on the date of 
the first such publication. 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are listed on 
the Luxem-
bourg Stock 
Exchange, 
the following 
applies: 
(b) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem.  Solange 
die Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger 
Börse notiert sind, findet § 11(a) Anwendung. 
Soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies 
zulassen, 
kann 
die 
Emittentin 
eine 
Veröffentlichung nach § 11(a) durch eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem 
zur 
Weiterleitung an die Anleihegläubiger ersetzen; 
jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag 
nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als den Anleihegläubigern 
mitgeteilt. 
(b) 
Notification to Clearing System.  So long as any 
Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, § 11(a) shall apply. If the Rules of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the 
Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the 
Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Noteholders, in lieu of 
publication as set forth in § 11(a) above; any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been validly 
given on the fifth day after the day on which the 
said notice was given to the Clearing System. 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schrei-
bungen, die 
nicht auf 
Veranlas-
sung der 
Emittentin 
an einer 
Börse notiert 
sind, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(a) 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem.  Die 
Emittentin wird alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die 
Anleihegläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag 
der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den 
Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt. 
(a) 
Notification to Clearing System.  The Issuer 
shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to 
the Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Noteholders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly 
given on the fifth day after the day on which the 
said notice was given to the Clearing System. 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are not listed 
at the 
initiative of 
the Issuer, 
the following 
applies:

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
[(b)][(c)] Mitteilungen 
eines 
Anleihegläubigers.  Mitteilungen, 
die 
von 
einem 
Anleihegläubiger 
gemacht 
werden, 
müssen schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen mit 
dem Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß 
§ 13(c)(a) an die Emissionsstelle geleitet 
werden. Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das 
Clearingsystem in der von der Emissionsstelle 
und dem Clearingsystem dafür vorgesehenen 
Weise erfolgen. 
[(b)][(c)] Notices by a Noteholder.  Notices to be given 
by any Noteholder shall be made in written form 
together with an evidence of the Noteholder's 
entitlement in accordance with § 13(c)(a) to the 
Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given through 
the Clearing System in such manner as the 
Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may 
approve for such purpose. 
 
 
§ 12 
Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen 
§ 12 
Further Issues 
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
gleicher 
Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tages der Begebung, 
des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Emissionspreises) 
wie 
die 
vorliegenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
begeben, so dass sie mit diesen eine einheitliche Serie 
bilden. Der Begriff "Schuldverschreibungen" umfasst 
im Fall einer solchen weiteren Begebung auch solche 
zusätzlich begebenen Schuldverschreibungen. 
The Issuer reserves the right from time to time, without 
the consent of the Noteholders to issue additional notes 
with identical terms and conditions as the Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the date of issue, the 
interest commencement date and/or the issue price) so as 
to be consolidated and form a single series with such 
Notes. The term "Notes" shall, in the event of such 
further issue, also comprise such further notes. 
 
 
§ 13 
Anwendbares Recht, Erfüllungsort und 
Gerichtsstand  
§ 13 
Applicable Law, Place of Performance and 
Jurisdiction 
 
 
(a) 
Anwendbares Recht.  Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie alle sich daraus 
ergebenden Rechte und Pflichten bestimmen 
sich ausschließlich nach dem Recht der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
(a) 
Applicable law.  The form and content of the 
Notes as well as all the rights and duties arising 
therefrom are governed exclusively by the laws 
of the Federal Republic of Germany.  
 
 
(b) 
Gerichtsstand.  Vorbehaltlich eines zwingenden 
Gerichtsstandes 
für 
besondere 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten im Zusammenhang mit 
dem Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG) in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
gültigen 
Fassung 
(das 
"SchVG"), 
ist 
nicht-ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand für alle sich aus den in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
geregelten 
Rechtsverhältnissen 
ergebenden 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
mit 
der 
Emittentin 
Frankfurt am Main. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction.  Subject to any exclusive court of 
venue for specific legal proceedings in 
connection with the German Act on Issues of 
Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG), as 
amended from time to time (the "SchVG"), non-
exclusive court of venue for all litigation with 
the Issuer arising from the legal relations 
established in these Terms and Conditions is 
Frankfurt am Main. 
 
 
Für Entscheidungen gemäß § 9 Absatz 2, § 13 
Absatz 3 und § 18 Absatz 2 SchVG ist gemäß 
§ 9 Absatz 3 SchVG das Amtsgericht zuständig, 
in dessen Bezirk die Emittentin ihren Sitz hat. 
Für Entscheidungen über die Anfechtung von 
Beschlüssen der Anleihegläubiger ist gemäß 
§ 20 Absatz 3 SchVG ausschließlich das 
Landgericht zuständig, in dessen Bezirk die 
Emittentin ihren Sitz hat. 
The local court (Amtsgericht) in the district 
where the Issuer has its registered office will 
have jurisdiction for all judgments pursuant to 
§ 9(2), 
§ 13(3) 
and 
§ 18(2) 
SchVG 
in 
accordance with § 9(3) SchVG. The regional 
court (Landgericht) in the district where the 
Issuer has its registered office will have 
exclusive jurisdiction for all judgments over 
contested 
resolutions 
by 
Noteholders 
in 
accordance with § 20(3) SchVG. 
 
 
(c) 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung.  Jeder 
Anleihegläubiger kann in Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
gegen die Emittentin im eigenen Namen seine 
Rechte 
aus 
den 
ihm 
zustehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen geltend machen unter 
Vorlage der folgenden Dokumente: (a) einer 
Bescheinigung seiner Depotbank, die (i) den 
vollen Namen und die volle Anschrift des 
Anleihegläubigers 
bezeichnet, 
(ii) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
angibt, 
die 
am 
Ausstellungstag 
dieser 
Bescheinigung dem bei dieser Depotbank 
bestehenden Depot dieses Anleihegläubigers 
gutgeschrieben sind, und (iii) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank dem Clearingsystem und der 
Emissionsstelle eine schriftliche Mitteilung 
zugeleitet hat, die die Angaben gemäß (i) und 
(ii) enthält und Bestätigungsvermerke des 
(c) 
Enforcement.  Any Noteholder may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer protect and 
enforce in its own name its rights arising under 
its 
Notes 
by 
submitting 
the 
following 
documents: (a) a certificate issued by its 
depositary bank (i) stating the full name and 
address of the Noteholder, (ii) specifying an 
aggregate principal amount of Notes credited on 
the date of such certificate to such Noteholder's 
securities account maintained with such 
depositary bank and (iii) confirming that the 
depositary bank has given a written notice to the 
Clearing System as well as to the Fiscal Agent 
containing the information pursuant to (i) and 
(ii) and bearing acknowledgements of the 
Clearing System and the relevant Clearing 
System accountholder as well as (b) a copy of 
the Global Bond certified by a duly authorised

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Clearingsystems 
sowie 
des 
jeweiligen 
Clearingsystem-Kontoinhabers trägt, sowie (b) 
einer von einem Vertretungsberechtigten des 
Clearingsystems 
oder 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
bestätigten Ablichtung der Globalurkunde. 
officer of the Clearing System or the Fiscal 
Agent as being a true copy. 
 
§ 14 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen; 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter  
§ 14 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions; 
Joint Representative  
 
(a) 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen.  Die 
Emittentin kann die Anleihebedingungen mit 
Zustimmung aufgrund Mehrheitsbeschlusses 
der Anleihegläubiger nach Maßgabe der §§ 5 ff. 
SchVG 
ändern. 
Eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen ohne Zustimmung der 
Emittentin scheidet aus. 
(a) 
Amendment of the Terms and Conditions.  The 
Issuer may amend the Terms and Conditions 
with the consent of a majority resolution of the 
Noteholders pursuant to §§ 5 et seq. of the 
SchVG. There will be no amendment of the 
Terms and Conditions without the Issuer's 
consent. 
 
Die Anleihegläubiger können insbesondere 
einer Änderung wesentlicher Inhalte der 
Anleihebedingungen, einschließlich der in § 5 
Absatz 3 SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnahmen mit 
den in dem nachstehenden § 14(b) genannten 
Mehrheiten zustimmen. Ein ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle 
Anleihegläubiger verbindlich. 
In particular, the Noteholders may consent to 
amendments which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, 
including such measures as provided for under 
§ 5(3) of the SchVG, by resolution passed by 
such majority of the votes of the Noteholders as 
stated under § 14(b) below. A duly passed 
majority resolution will be binding upon all 
Noteholders. 
 
 
(b) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse.  Vorbehaltlich 
des 
nachstehenden Satzes und der Erreichung der 
erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit, beschließen 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
mit 
der 
einfachen 
Mehrheit 
der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, durch 
welche 
der 
wesentliche 
Inhalt 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, insbesondere in den 
Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Nummer 1 bis 9 SchVG, 
geändert wird, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit 
einer Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte (eine 
"Qualifizierte Mehrheit"). Das Stimmrecht 
ruht, solange die Schuldverschreibungen der 
Emittentin oder einem mit ihr verbundenen 
Unternehmen (§ 271 Absatz 2 HGB) zustehen 
oder für Rechnung der Emittentin oder eines mit 
ihr 
verbundenen 
Unternehmens 
gehalten 
werden. 
(b) 
Majority requirements.  Except as provided by 
the following sentence and provided that the 
quorum requirements are being met, the 
Noteholders may pass resolutions by simple 
majority of the voting rights participating in the 
vote. Resolutions which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, in 
particular in the cases of § 5(3) numbers 1 
through 9 of the SchVG, may only be passed by 
a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the voting 
rights participating in the vote (a "Qualified 
Majority"). The voting right is suspended as 
long as any Notes are attributable to the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates (within the meaning of 
§ 271(2) of the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch)) or are being held for the 
account of the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
 
 
(c) 
Beschlüsse.  Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger 
werden 
entweder 
in 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung nach § 14(c)(i) oder im 
Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung 
nach § 14(c)(ii) getroffen, die von der 
Emittentin oder einem gemeinsamen Vertreter 
einberufen wird.  
(c) 
Resolutions.  Resolutions of the Noteholders 
will be made either in a Noteholders' meeting in 
accordance with § 14(c)(i) or by means of a vote 
without 
a 
meeting 
(Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with § 14(c)(ii), in 
either case convened by the Issuer or a joint 
representative, if any.  
 
 
(i) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger im 
Rahmen einer Gläubigerversammlung 
werden nach §§ 9 ff. SchVG getroffen. 
Die 
Einberufung 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
regelt 
die 
weiteren 
Einzelheiten 
der 
Beschlussfassung 
und 
der 
Abstimmung. Mit der Einberufung der 
Gläubigerversammlung werden in der 
Tagesordnung 
die 
Beschlussgegenstände 
sowie 
die 
Vorschläge zur Beschlussfassung den 
Anleihegläubigern bekannt gegeben.  
(i) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders in a 
Noteholders' meeting will be made in 
accordance with § 9 et seq. of the 
SchVG. The convening notice of a 
Noteholders' meeting will provide the 
further 
details 
relating 
to 
the 
resolutions and the voting procedure. 
The subject matter of the vote as well 
as the proposed resolutions will be 
notified to Noteholders in the agenda of 
the meeting.  
 
 
(ii) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger im 
Wege 
der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
werden 
nach 
§ 18 
SchVG getroffen. Die Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe 
durch 
den 
Abstimmungsleiter regelt die weiteren 
Einzelheiten der Beschlussfassung und 
(ii) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders by 
means of a voting not requiring a 
physical meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) 
will be 
made in 
accordance § 18 of the SchVG. The 
request for voting as submitted by the 
chairman 
(Abstimmungsleiter) 
will

--- Page 86 ---
86 
der 
Abstimmung. 
Mit 
der 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe 
werden 
die 
Beschlussgegenstände 
sowie 
die 
Vorschläge 
zur 
Beschlussfassung 
den 
Anleihegläubigern bekannt gegeben. 
provide the further details relating to 
the 
resolutions 
and 
the 
voting 
procedure. The subject matter of the 
vote as well as the proposed resolutions 
will be notified to Noteholders together 
with the request for voting. 
 
(d) 
Zweite 
Gläubigerversammlung.  Wird 
die 
Beschlussfähigkeit bei der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung nach § 14(c)(ii) nicht festgestellt, 
kann 
der 
Abstimmungsleiter 
eine 
Gläubigerversammlung einberufen, welche als 
zweite Gläubigerversammlung im Sinne des 
§ 15(3) Satz 3 SchVG gilt. 
(d) 
Second noteholders' meeting. If it is ascertained 
that no quorum exists for the vote without 
meeting pursuant to § 14(c)(ii), the chairman 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a meeting, 
which shall be deemed to be a second meeting 
within the meaning of § 15(3) sentence 3 of the 
SchVG. 
 
 
(e) 
Anmeldung.  Die Stimmrechtsausübung ist von 
einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung 
muss 
bis 
zum 
dritten 
Tag 
vor 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
unter 
der 
in 
der 
Einberufung 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
angegebenen Anschrift zugehen. Zusammen mit 
der Anmeldung müssen Anleihegläubiger den 
Nachweis ihrer Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an 
der 
Abstimmung 
durch 
eine 
besondere 
Bescheinigung ihrer jeweiligen Depotbank in 
Textform und die Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks 
der Depotbank erbringen, aus dem hervorgeht, 
dass die relevanten Schuldverschreibungen für 
den Zeitraum vom Tag der Absendung der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zu 
dem 
angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Versammlung 
(einschließlich) 
nicht 
übertragen 
werden 
können. 
(e) 
Registration.  The exercise of voting rights is 
subject to the registration of the Noteholders. 
The registration must be received at the address 
stated in the request for voting no later than the 
third day prior to the meeting in the case of a 
Noteholders' 
meeting. 
As 
part 
of 
the 
registration, Noteholders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote by means of 
a special confirmation of their respective 
depositary bank hereof in text form and by 
submission of a blocking instruction by the 
depositary bank stating that the relevant Notes 
are not transferable from and including the day 
such registration has been sent until and 
including the stated end of the meeting. 
 
 
(f) 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter.  Die Anleihegläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
die 
Bestellung und Abberufung eines gemeinsamen 
Vertreters, die Aufgaben und Befugnisse des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters, die Übertragung von 
Rechten 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
auf 
den 
gemeinsamen Vertreter und eine Beschränkung 
der Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
bestimmen. Die Bestellung eines gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehrheit, 
wenn 
er 
ermächtigt 
wird, 
wesentlichen 
Änderungen der Anleihebedingungen gemäß 
§ 14(a) zuzustimmen. 
(f) 
Joint representative.  The Noteholders may by 
majority resolution provide for the appointment 
or dismissal of a joint representative, the duties 
and responsibilities and the powers of such joint 
representative, the transfer of the rights of the 
Noteholders to the joint representative and a 
limitation of liability of the joint representative. 
Appointment of a joint representative may only 
be passed by a Qualified Majority if such joint 
representative is to be authorised to consent to a 
material change in the substance of the Terms 
and Conditions in accordance with § 14(a) 
hereof. 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er hat 
die 
Weisungen der 
Anleihegläubiger zu 
befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Anleihegläubiger ermächtigt ist, 
sind die einzelnen Anleihegläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte 
nicht befugt, es sei denn der Mehrheitsbeschluss 
sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit 
hat 
der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
den 
Anleihegläubigern zu berichten. Für die 
Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und 
Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die 
Vorschriften des SchVG. 
The joint representative shall have the duties 
and powers provided by law or granted by 
majority resolutions of the Noteholders. The 
joint representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Noteholders. To the extent 
that the joint representative has been authorised 
to assert certain rights of the Noteholders, the 
Noteholders shall not be entitled to assert such 
rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for 
in the relevant majority resolution. The joint 
representative shall provide reports to the 
Noteholders on its activities. The regulations of 
the SchVG apply with regard to the recall and 
the other rights and obligations of the joint 
representative. 
 
 
Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf 
das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung 
beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen 
Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit 
zur Last. 
Unless the joint representative is liable for 
wilful misconduct (Vorsatz) or gross negligence 
(grobe Fahrlässigkeit), the joint representative's 
liability shall be limited to ten times the amount 
of its annual remuneration. 
 
 
(g) 
Bekanntmachungen.  Bekanntmachungen 
betreffend diesen § 14 erfolgen ausschließlich 
gemäß den §§ 5ff. SchVG. 
(g) 
Notices.  Any notices concerning this § 14 will 
only be made in accordance with § 5 et seq. of 
the SchVG.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
§ 15 
Sprache 
§ 15 
Language 
 
Falls die 
Anleihebe-
dingungen in 
deutscher 
Sprache mit 
einer Über-
setzung in 
die englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich. 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language translation is provided for 
convenience only. 
If the Terms 
and Condi-
tions shall be 
in the 
German 
language 
with an 
English 
language 
translation, 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language only. 
If the Terms 
and Condi-
tions shall be 
in the 
English 
language 
only, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 88 ---
88 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
In case of Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).  
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]1  
[MIFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND 
GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – 
ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, 
dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden, 
jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"), umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle 
für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind. 
Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") 
soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID 
II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.]2  
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[UK MIFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND 
GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – 
ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, 
dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA-
Handbuchs Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") und professionelle Kunden im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 600/2014, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, 
umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle 
Kunden angemessen sind. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein 
"Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein 
Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA-Handbuch Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im 
 
1 
Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties 
only". 
2 
Legende einsetzen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Ausschließlich 
Professionelle Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien".  
3 
Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties 
only". The legend may not be necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are 
no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product 
governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are included.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.]4 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); EITHER5 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR6 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to 
retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]7.]8  
[MIFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER, PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN - Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs 
– zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien, professionelle 
Kunden und Kleinanleger, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"), 
umfasst; ENTWEDER9 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind[, einschließlich 
Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]] ODER10 [und 
(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an professionelle Investoren und geeignete Gegenparteien 
angemessen sind; und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen 
sind 
- 
Anlageberatung[,/ 
und] 
Portfolio-Management[,/ 
und][ 
Verkäufe 
ohne 
Beratung 
][und 
reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf 
Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]] [Bitte jegliche negativen Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der Folge 
die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des 
Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes 
dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen 
(entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und 
angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick 
Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]11, zu bestimmen.]12  
 
4 
Legende einsetzen, wenn UK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Ausschließlich 
Professionelle Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien". Die Legende ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, wenn die Platzeure in Bezug 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen ebenfalls nicht der UK MiFIR unterliegen und es daher keine UK MiFIR-Konzepteure gibt. Je nach 
Standort der Konzepteure, kann es Situationen geben, in denen entweder die MiFID II Product Governance Legende oder die UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Legende oder beide enthalten sind. 
5 
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured deposits 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines").  
6 
Include for Notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised 
sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and appropriateness will be necessary. In addition, 
if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
7 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.  
8 
Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market". 
9 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (die "ESMA Leitlinien") ESMA komplex sind.  
10 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss gegebenenfalls 
angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der 
Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße 
Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nach Artikel 25(3) MiFID II nicht 
zulässig.  
11 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich.  
12 
Legende einsetzen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Zielmarkt 
Kleinanleger".

--- Page 90 ---
90 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER13 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]14] OR15 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; 
and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] 
portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]16.]17 
[UK MIFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER, PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN - Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs 
– zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 
Punkt (8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") 
Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, und geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA-Handbuchs Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS") und professionelle Kunden im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie aufgrund des 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, umfasst; ENTWEDER18 [und 
(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind[, einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-
Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]19] ODER20 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den 
Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an professionelle Investoren und geeignete Gegenparteien angemessen sind, und 
(iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind - 
Anlageberatung[,/ 
und] 
Portfolio-Management[,/ 
und][ 
Verkäufe 
ohne 
Beratung] 
[und 
reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter dem COBS im Hinblick 
auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]] [Bitte jegliche negativen Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der 
Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des 
Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA-Handbuch Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, ist indes dafür 
verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder 
durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene 
 
13 
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
14 
This list may not be necessary, especially for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) where all 
channels of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
15 
Include for Notes that are ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if 
advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes 
constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness. 
16 
If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail clients without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
17 
Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market". The legend may 
not be necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance 
legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are included. 
18 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im britischen Kontext, wie im COBS reflektiert). 
19 
Diese Liste ist möglicherweise nicht notwendig, insbesondere im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im 
britischen Kontext, wie im COBS reflektiert), wenn alle Vertriebskanäle angemessen sein können. Sie spiegelt die Liste wider, die in den 
Beispielen der ESMA-Leitlinien verwendet wird. 
20 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die ESMA komplex sind (im UK Kontext, wie im COBS reflektiert). Diese Liste muss 
gegebenenfalls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die 
Bestimmung der Geeignetheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung 
von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter dem COBS im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. 
Angemessenheit]21, zu bestimmen.]22 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017 
(as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]23  
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM – Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger 
im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht angeboten, nicht an diese 
verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung 
bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein 
Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID 
II"); (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die 
"Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie"), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 
10 MiFID II gilt; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (wie von Zeit zu Zeit ergänzt, die "Prospektverordnung"). Entsprechend 
wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung, die "PRIIPs-
Verordnung") erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der 
Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-
Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]24  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]25 
 
21 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von 
Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig. Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Geeignetheitsprüfung 
erforderlich. 
22 
Legende einsetzen, wenn UK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Zielmarkt 
Kleinanleger". Die Legende ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, wenn die Platzeure in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen ebenfalls 
nicht der UK MiFIR unterliegen und es daher keine UK MiFIR-Konzepteure gibt. Je nach Standort der Konzepteure kann es Situationen 
geben, in denen entweder die MiFID II Product Governance Legende oder die UK MiFIR Product Governance Legende oder beide 
enthalten sind. 
23 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area" as "Not 
Applicable".  
24 
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum" für "Nicht anwendbar" erklären.  
25 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom" as "Not Applicable". 
The assumption is that if there are potentially sales in the European Economic Area it is likely that there will also potentially be sales in 
the United Kingdom and vice versa such that the United Kingdom Prohibition and European Economic Area Prohibition would both be 
included unless specified as "Not Applicable".

--- Page 92 ---
92 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH – Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich 
("GB") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern in GB nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in 
sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger 
eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Punkt (8) 
der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des 
nationalen Rechts ist; oder (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne der Bestimmungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, in 
seiner jeweiligen Fassung (der "FSMA") und jeglicher Vorschriften oder Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur 
Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 erlassen wurden, wenn dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von 
Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Punkt (8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie durch das EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, 
qualifiziert wäre; oder (iii) kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 der Prospektverordnung ist, wie sie aufgrund 
des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014, wie sie 
aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (die "UK PRIIPs-Verordnung"), erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt 
für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in 
GB erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen 
an Kleinanleger in GB nach der UK PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]26 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendation on Investment Products).]  
[In Verbindung mit Section 309B des Securities and Futures Act 2001 von Singapur (der "SFA") und den Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 von Singapur (die "CMP Regulations 2018"), hat die Emittentin 
festgestellt und benachrichtigt hiermit alle relevanten Personen (wie in Section 309A(1) des SFA definiert), dass es sich 
bei den Schuldverschreibungen um prescribed capital markets products (wie in den CMP Regulations 2018 definiert) und 
um Excluded Investment Products (wie in der MAS-Mitteilung SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
und der MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products definiert) handelt.]  
 
 
 
26 
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich" für 
"Nicht anwendbar" erklären. Es wird davon ausgegangen, dass, wenn es potenziell Verkäufe im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum gibt, es 
potenziell auch Verkäufe im Vereinigten Königreich gibt und umgekehrt, sodass sowohl das Verkaufsverbot im Vereinigten Königreich 
als auch das Verkaufsverbot im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum einzufügen wären, sofern sie nicht für "Nicht anwendbar" erklärt wurden.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Dated [●] 
Datum [●] 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
 
SCHAEFFLER AG 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300Q7E782X7GC1P43 
 
[Offer][Issue] of 
[Angebot][Emission] von 
[Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag der Tranche] 
[Title of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der Schuldverschreibungen] 
[to be consolidated and form a single Series with the [insert original tranche(s)] issued on [date(s)] 
die mit der [ursprüngliche Tranche(n) einfügen], begeben am [Datum/Daten] konsolidiert werden und eine einheitliche 
Serie bilden] 
issued as 
begeben als 
Series 
[●] 
Tranche 
[●] 
Serie 
Tranche 
 
under the 
unter dem 
Euro 7,500,000,000 
DEBT ISSUANCE PROGRAMME 
of 
der 
SCHAEFFLER AG 
 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. 
Begebungstag: 
[●] 
Emissionspreis: 
[●] %

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Important Notice 
This document constitutes the final terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein (the "Final Terms"). These Final 
Terms have been prepared for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of June 14, 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the base 
prospectus dated March 30, 2022 [(, as supplemented by the supplement(s) to the base prospectus dated [●],)] (the "Base 
Prospectus") which constitute(s) a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The Base Prospectus and 
any supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Full information on the Issuer and the [offer][issue] of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
[A summary, fully completed for the individual issue of Notes, is annexed to these Final Terms.]27  
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Dieses Dokument stellt die endgültigen Bedingungen für die Emission der hierin beschriebenen Schuldverschreibungen dar 
(die "Endgültigen Bedingungen"). Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikel 8 der Verordnung 
(EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, die 
"Prospektverordnung") abgefasst und sind nur mit dem Basisprospekt vom 30. März 2022 [(ergänzt durch [den][die] 
Nachtrag][Nachträge] zum Basisprospekt vom [●])] (der "Basisprospekt"), der einen Basisprospekt im Sinne der 
Prospektverordnung darstellt, gemeinsam zu lesen. Der Basisprospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in elektronischer 
Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) eingesehen werden. Vollständige Informationen in Bezug 
auf die Emittentin und [das Angebot][die Emission] der Schuldverschreibungen sind nur in der Gesamtheit dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen und dem Basisprospekt enthalten.  
[Eine für die einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen vollständig ausgefüllte Zusammenfassung ist diesen Endgültigen 
Bedingungen beigefügt.]28  
 
27 
Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 or EUR 100,000 equivalent of 
any other currency.  
28  Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000 oder dem entsprechenden Betrag einer anderen Währung.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
PART I – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[A. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by replicating the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert:] 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") [, and the English language translation 
thereof,] are as set out below. 
[In the case of Non-interest Bearing Notes or Fixed Rate Notes replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.] 
[In the case of Floating Rate Notes replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II including relevant further 
options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.]] 
[B. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by referring to the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, insert:] 
This Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to [Non-
interest Bearing Notes] [Fixed Rate Notes] [Floating Rate Notes] set forth in the Base Prospectus as [Option I] 
[Option II] (the "Terms and Conditions"). Capitalised terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and 
Conditions. 
All references in this Part I of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs and 
subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be 
completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such 
provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final Terms which are either 
not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions 
applicable to the Notes (the Terms and Conditions together with Part I of these Final Terms constitute the 
"Conditions").] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Footnotes denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
TEIL I – VERTRAGLICHE REGELUNGEN 
[A. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung der 
betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, 
einfügen:] 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") [sowie deren 
englischsprachige Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[Im Fall von unverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen oder Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die 
betreffenden Angaben der Option I (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende 
Leerstellen vervollständigen.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option II 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen.]] 
[B. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Verweisung auf die 
betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen:] 
Dieser Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf 
[unverzinsliche] Schuldverschreibungen [mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung] Anwendung findet, zu lesen, der als 
[Option I] [Option II] im Basisprospekt enthalten ist (die "Anleihebedingungen"). Begriffe, die in den 
Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
verwendet werden.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf die 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen gelten 
als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den 
betreffenden 
Bestimmungen 
durch 
diese 
Angaben ausgefüllt 
wären. Sämtliche 
Bestimmungen 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch 
ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Anleihebedingungen (die Anleihebedingungen zusammen mit diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind die 
"Bedingungen") gestrichen.] 
[Anwendbare Bestimmung einfügen oder als "Nicht anwendbar" (N/A) kennzeichnen. Es ist zu beachten, dass 
die Reihenfolge der Nummerierung unverändert bleibt, auch wenn einzelne Abschnitte oder Unterabschnitte als 
"nicht anwendbar" gekennzeichnet sind. Fußnoten kennzeichnen Erläuterungen für die Bearbeitung der 
Endgültigen Bedingungen.]

--- Page 97 ---
97 
§ 1 
Currency, Specified Denomination, Form 
 
§ 1 
Währung, Festgelegte Stückelung, Form 
 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
Festgelegte Währung: 
[●] 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[●]29 
Gesamtnennbetrag: 
[●]30 
Specified Denomination: 
[●]31 
Festgelegte Stückelung: 
[●]32 
Clearing System(s) 
 
Clearingsystem(e) 
 
☐ 
Clearstream, Frankfurt 
 
☐ 
Clearstream, Luxembourg / Euroclear 
 
Global Note 
 
Globalurkunde 
 
☐ 
Classical Global Note or deposited with Clearstream 
Frankfurt 
 
 
Classical Global Note oder Verwahrung durch 
Clearstream Frankfurt 
 
☐ 
New Global Note 
 
 
New Global Note 
 
§ 3 
Interest 
 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
 
☐ 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
 
 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
(Option I) 
 
 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
Zinssatz:  
[●] % per annum 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Initial Broken Interest Amount per Specified 
 
Denomination: 
[●] 
 
29 
Insert currency and amount of the Tranche.  
30 
Währung und Betrag der Tranche einfügen.  
31 
The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an amount in such 
other currency at least equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of Notes.  
32 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt in EUR 1.000 oder, soweit in einer anderen Währung als Euro begeben, den 
Betrag in dieser Währung, der zum Zeitpunkt der Ausgabe der Schuldverschreibungen mindestens EUR 1.000 entspricht.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
 
Festgelegter Stückelung: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity 
 
Date: 
[●] 
 
 
Dem Endfälligkeitstag vorausgehender 
 
Zinszahlungstag: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Final Broken Interest Amount per Specified 
 
Denomination: 
[●] 
 
 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
 
Festgelegter Stückelung: 
[●] 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
 
 
Determination Date(s): 
[●]33 
 
 
Feststellungstermin(e): 
[●]34 
 
☐ 
Actual/Actual – ISDA 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/360 
 
 
☐ 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
 
 
☐ 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
 
☐ 
Non-interest Bearing Notes (Option I) 
 
 
Unverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
(Option I) 
 
☐ 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
 
 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen  
(Option II) 
 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
 
 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Specified Interest Period(s): 
[[specify number] [weeks / months]] 
 
 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n): 
[[Zahl einfügen] [Wochen / Monate]] 
 
Business Day Convention 
 
 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
 
 
☐ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
 
(adjusted) 
 
 
33 
Only to be completed for an issue of Fixed Rate Notes where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA). Insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon.  
34 
Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, deren Zinstagequotient Actual/Actual (ICMA) ist. 
Reguläre Zinszahlungstage mit Ausnahme des Begebungstags und des Fälligkeitstags im Falle von kurzen oder langen ersten oder 
letzten Zinsperioden einfügen.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
☐ 
FRN Convention (adjusted) 
 
 
☐ 
Following Business Day Convention (adjusted) 
 
 
☐ 
Preceding Business Day Convention (adjusted) 
 
 
Business Day 
 
 
Geschäftstag 
 
 
☐ 
TARGET 
 
 
☐ 
Relevant financial centre(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Relevante(s) Finanzzentrum / zentren: 
[●] 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
Zinssatz 
 
 
Reference Rate 
 
 
Referenzsatz 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes where interest is linked to the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) 
 
 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen, bei denen 
die Verzinsung von der Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(EURIBOR) abhängt 
 
 
 
Period: 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-month-EURIBOR 
 
 
Zeitraum: 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-Monats-EURIBOR 
 
☐ 
Margin: 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Marge: 
[●] % 
 
 
☐ 
plus 
 
 
 
 
zuzüglich 
 
 
 
☐ 
minus 
 
 
 
 
abzüglich 
 
 
☐ 
Interpolation: 
[first][last] Interest Period 
 
 
Interpolation: 
[erste][letzte] Zinsperiode 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/Actual – ISDA 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/360 
 
 
☐ 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
 
 
☐ 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
 
§ 4 
Redemption 
 
§ 4 
Rückzahlung 
 
Maturity Date: 
[●]35 
 
35 
Always to be inserted in the case of Fixed Rate Notes and Non-interest Bearing Notes. Specify date for Floating Rate Notes, if 
applicable.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
Endfälligkeitstag: 
[●]36 
Redemption Month: 
[●]37 
Rückzahlungsmonat: 
[●]38 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer at the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount:39 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum Make-
Whole Rückzahlungsbetrag:40 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
Present Value: 
Benchmark Yield plus [●] per cent. 
 
Abgezinster Marktwert: 
Benchmark Rendite zuzüglich [●] % 
 
 
Benchmark Yield: 
[Euro denominated benchmark debt security of the 
Federal Republic of Germany] [other relevant 
benchmark] specifying the following details: ISIN or 
other securities code, as observed at around noon 
[(Frankfurt time)] [other relevant time] on such date on 
Bloomberg page [ISIN] Govt HP (using the setting "Last 
Yield to Convention" and using the pricing source 
["FRNK"] [other source as relevant]), or as derived or 
published by such other source as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.] 
 
 
Benchmark Rendite: 
[Euro-Referenz-Anleihe 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland] [andere Referenzanleihe] unter Angabe 
folgender 
Einzelheiten: 
ISIN 
oder 
andere 
Wertpapierkennung, wie gegen 12:00 Uhr mittags 
[(Frankfurter Zeit)] [andere relevante Zeitzone] an 
diesem Tag auf der Bloomberg Seite [ISIN] Govt HP 
(unter Nutzung der Einstellung "Last Yield to 
Convention" und der Preisquelle ["FRNK"] [andere 
relevante Preisquelle]) abgelesen, oder wie von einer 
anderen, durch die Berechnungsstelle festgelegten, 
Quelle hergeleitet oder veröffentlicht.] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin: 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
 
Call Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Call-Rückzahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag / beträge: 
[●] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer during a call 
redemption period:41 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin während 
einer Call-Rückzahlungsperiode:42 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
 
Call Redemption Period(s): 
[●] 
 
36 
Im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen und unverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen immer auszufüllen. Genaues Datum 
für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen angeben, sofern anwendbar. 
37 
Specify relevant month for Floating Rate Notes, if applicable.  
38 
Betreffenden Monat für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen angeben, sofern anwendbar.  
39 
Only applicable in the case of Fixed Rate Notes and Non-interest Bearing Notes. 
40 
Nur im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen und unverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
41 
Only applicable in the case of Fixed Rate Notes and Non-interest Bearing Notes.  
42 
Nur im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen und unverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
Call-Rückzahlungsperiode: 
[●] 
 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag / beträge: 
[●] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer upon occurrence of 
a transaction related event: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin nach Eintritt 
eines transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses: 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
 
Trigger Call Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag: 
[●] 
 
 
Transaction Notice Period: 
[Not applicable] [●] to [●] 
 
 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [●] bis [●] 
 
 
Transaction: 
[Insert description of transaction] 
 
 
Transaktion: 
[Beschreibung der Transaktion einfügen] 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer for minimal 
outstanding principal amount: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin wegen eines 
geringen ausstehenden Nennbetrags: 
[Ja][Nein] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Noteholder: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Anleihegläubiger: 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
 
Put Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Put-Rückzahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
 
Put Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Put-Rückzahlungsbetrag / beträge: 
[●] 
Early Redemption as a result of a Change of Control: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung im Falle eines Kontrollwechsels: 
[Ja][Nein] 
§ 5 
Payments 
 
§ 5 
Zahlungen 
 
Financial centre(s) relating to Payment Business Dates: 
[Not applicable][●]43 
Finanzzentrum (-zentren) in Bezug auf Zahltage: 
[Nicht anwendbar][●]44 
§ 9 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent [, Calculation Agent] 
§ 9 
Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle [, Berechnungsstelle] 
☐ 
Calculation Agent: 
[insert name and address] 
 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[Angabe von Name und Adresse] 
§ 11 
Notices 
§ 11 
Bekanntmachungen 
☐ 
Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
 
Schuldverschreibungen sind an der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert 
 
 
43 
Only to be completed for an issue of Fixed Rate Notes and only if the Specified Currency is not Euro. 
44 
Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, bei der die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
☐ 
Notification to Clearing System 
 
 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System 
 
§ 15 
Language45 
§ 15 
Sprache46 
☐ 
German and English, German binding 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch, Deutsch bindend 
 
☐ 
English only 
 
 
Nur Englisch 
 
 
 
 
45 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. 
46 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION47 
TEIL II – ANDERE INFORMATIONEN48 
Listing and admission to trading 
Börsennotierung und Zulassung zum Handel 
☐ 
Regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
 
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Börse 
 
☐ 
Other market: 
[give details] 
 
Anderer Markt: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
☐ 
Not admitted to trading 
 
 
Nicht zum Handel zugelassen 
 
 
Date of admission: 
[insert date] 
 
Datum der Zulassung: 
[Angabe des Datums] 
 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to 
trading:49 
[give details] 
 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum 
Handel:50 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
All regulated markets or third country markets, SME 
Growth Market or MTFs on which, to the knowledge of 
the Issuer, notes of the same class of the notes to be 
offered or admitted to trading are already admitted to 
trading:51 
[give details] 
 
Angabe aller geregelten Märkte, Drittlandsmärkte, 
KMU-Wachstumsmärkte oder MTFs, auf denen nach 
Kenntnis der Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen der 
gleichen 
Wertpapierkategorie, 
die 
zum 
Handel 
angeboten oder zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum 
Handel zugelassen sind:52  
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer rates 
and description of the main terms of their commitment:53 
[not applicable][give details] 
 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer 
festen Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig 
sind und Liquidität mittels Geld- und Briefkursen 
erwirtschaften, 
und 
Beschreibung 
der 
Hauptbedingungen der Zusagevereinbarung:54 
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
47 
There is no obligation to complete Part II of the Final Terms in the case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, provided that such Notes will not be admitted to trading on any regulated market 
within the European Economic Area. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
48 
Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von 
mindesten EUR 100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung auszufüllen, sofern diese Schuldverschreibungen nicht an 
einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der Emittentin 
auszufüllen. 
49 
Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
50 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.  
51 
Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
52 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000.  
53 
Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
54 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Rating of the Notes 
Rating der Schuldverschreibungen 
☐ 
The Notes to be issued have been rated as follows55 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden wie folgt geratet56 
 
 
☐ 
Fitch: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Moody's: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
S&P: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
[Other]57: 
[●] 
☐ 
The Notes have not been rated. 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden nicht geratet. 
 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
Interessen von natürlichen oder juristischen Personen, die bei der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
☐ 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] 
 
[Soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist, hat keine Person, die bei dem Angebot der Schuldverschreibungen beteiligt ist, 
Interessen, die für das Angebot von wesentlicher Bedeutung sind.]  
☐ 
Other interest (specify): 
[specify details] 
 
Andere Interessen (angeben): 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Reasons for the offer and Net Proceeds 
Gründe für das Angebot und Nettoerlöse 
 
Use of proceeds / reasons for the offer:58 
[specify details] 
 
Verwendung der Emissionserlöse / Gründe für das 
Angebot:59 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Estimated net proceeds:60 
[●] 
 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag des Emissionserlöses:61 
[●] 
 
Estimated total expenses of the issue:62 
[●] 
 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission:63 
[●] 
 
55 
Include brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if this has previously been published by the rating provider. 
56 
Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings aufnehmen, sofern zuvor von der Ratingagentur veröffentlicht.  
57 
Indicate whether the rating agency is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation.  
 
Angabe, ob die Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Union hat und gemäß der CRA-Verordnung registriert ist.  
58 
See paragraph "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus. If reasons for the offer are different from general financing purposes of the 
Schaeffler Group include those reasons here. Include details for Green Bonds here. 
 
Angabe, ob die Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat und gemäß der CRA-Verordnung registriert ist.  
59 
Siehe Abschnitt "Use of Proceeds" im Basisprospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in allgemeinen Finanzierungszwecken 
der der Schaeffler Gruppe bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben. Im Fall eines Green Bonds, hier Einzelheiten eintragen. 
60 
If proceeds are intended for more than one principal use will need to split up and present in order of priority. Not to be split up in the 
case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
61 
Sofern der Emissionserlös für verschiedene wichtige Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der 
Priorität der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. Nicht aufzuschlüsseln bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von 
mindestens EUR 100.000. 
62 
If proceeds are intended for more than one principal use, the total expenses will need to split up accordingly and present according to 
the priority of the use. Not to be completed in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
63 
Sofern der Emissionserlös für verschiedene wichtige Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind die Gesamtkosten entsprechend 
aufzuschlüsseln und entsprechend der Priorität der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. Nicht auszufüllen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einer Festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Yield and Historic Interest Rates  
Rendite und Zinssätze der Vergangenheit  
 
Yield:64 
[●] 
 
Rendite:65 
[●] 
 
Details of historic EURIBOR rates and the future 
performance as well as their volatility can be obtained 
(not free of charge) by electronic means from:66 
Reuters EURIBOR01 
 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen EURIBOR Sätzen und 
Informationen über künftige Weiterentwicklungen sowie 
ihre 
Volatilität 
können 
(nicht 
kostenfrei) 
auf 
elektronischem Weg abgerufen werden unter:67 
Reuters EURIBOR01 
Placing and Underwriting 
Platzierung und Übernahme 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European 
Economic Area:68 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum:69 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United 
Kingdom:70 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich:71 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[None][give name] 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[Keiner][Angabe des Namens] 
Method of Placement72 
 
Art der Platzierung73 
 
 
☐ 
Syndicated 
 
 
 
Syndiziert 
 
 
 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the 
global offer and of single parts of the offer and, to 
the extent known to the Issuer or the offeror, or 
the placers in the various countries where the offer 
takes place: 
[give details] 
 
64 
Not required in the case of Floating Rate Notes.  
65 
Nicht erforderlich im Fall von variabel verzinsten Schuldverschreibungen.  
66 
Only required in the case of Floating Rate Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
67 
Nur erforderlich im Fall von variabel verzinsten Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000.  
68 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document ("KID") will be prepared in the European Economic Area, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.  
69 
Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen sind "verpackte" Produkte und 
es wird ein Basisinformationsblatt ("KID") im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum erstellt, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
70 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the United Kingdom, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified. 
71 
Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen sind "verpackte" Produkte und 
es wird ein KID im Vereinigten Königreich erstellt, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen 
"verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
72 
Not required in the case of an issue of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
73 
Nicht erforderlich im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinators/der 
Koordinatoren des gesamten Angebots sowie 
einzelner Angebotsteile und - sofern der 
Emittentin oder dem Anbieter bekannt – Name 
und Anschrift derjenigen, die das Angebot in den 
verschiedenen Ländern platzieren: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
 
If syndicated, names and addresses and 
underwriting commitments of Lead Manager(s) 
and Manager(s): 
[give details]74 
 
 
Falls syndiziert: Namen und Adressen und 
Übernahmeverpflichtungen des oder der Lead 
Manager(s) und der Manager: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]75 
 
 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[insert date] 
 
 
Datum des Übernahmevertrags: 
[Datum angeben] 
 
☐ 
Non-syndicated 
 
 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
 
 
If non-syndicated, name and address of Dealer: 
[give name] 
 
 
Falls nicht syndiziert, Name und Adresse des 
Dealers: 
[Angabe des Namens] 
 
 
The various categories of potential investors to 
which the Notes are offered: 
[give details] 
 
 
Angabe der verschiedenen Kategorien der 
potentiellen Investoren, dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen angeboten werden: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
 
If the offer is being made simultaneously in the 
markets of two or more countries and if a tranche 
has been or is being reserved for certain of these, 
indicate such tranche: 
[not applicable][give details] 
 
 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten 
zwei oder mehrerer Länder und wurde/ wird eine 
bestimmte Tranche einigen dieser Märkte 
vorbehalten, Angabe dieser Tranche: 
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
 
Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is made: 
[not applicable][give details] 
 
 
Verfahren zur Meldung des den Zeichnern 
zugeteilten Betrags und Angabe, ob eine 
Aufnahme des Handels vor dem Meldeverfahren 
möglich ist: 
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Dealer's commission:76 
[●] 
 
Provision der Dealer:77 
[●] 
 
74 
Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and names and addresses of the 
entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.  
75 
Namen und Adressen der Institute einfügen, die bereit sind, eine Emission auf fester Zusagebasis zu übernehmen und Einzelheiten über 
Institute, die bereit sind ohne feste Zusage oder gemäß Vereinbarungen "zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen" zu platzieren, falls diese 
nicht mit den Managern identisch sind.  
76 
Including discretionary fee, if any (insert up to amount). Not required in the case of an issue of Notes with a Specified Denomination of 
at least EUR 100,000.  
77 
Gegebenenfalls einschließlich sog. 'discretionary fee' (bis zu Betrag angeben). Nicht erforderlich im Fall einer Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung in Höhe von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Security Codes and Eurosystem eligibility 
 
Wertpapierkennung und EZB-Fähigkeit 
 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
 
WKN: 
[●] 
 
 
[CFI:] 
[●] 
 
 
[FISN:] 
[●] 
 
 
[Any other security number:] 
[●] 
 
 
[Sonstige Wertpapierkennung:] 
[●] 
 
New Global Note 
[Yes] [No] 
 
New Global Note 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes] [No] [Not applicable in the case of a Classical Global 
Note] 
 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden: 
[Ja] [Nein] [Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Classical Global 
Note] 
 
 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper, and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]78 
 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier lediglich 
bedeutet, dass die Wertpapiere nach ihrer Begebung bei 
einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamen Verwahrer verwahrt 
werden und es bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) des Eurosystems 
entweder nach Begebung oder zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB abhängen, dass die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt werden.]79 
 
 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper). Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]80 
 
78 
Include explanation in the case of an NGN deposited with one of the ICSDs.  
79 
Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN.  
80 
Include explanation in the case of an NGN not deposited with one of the ICSDs.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
[Während die Bestimmung am Tag dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen mit "Nein" festgelegt wurde, können sich die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die Zukunft derart ändern, 
dass die Schuldverschreibungen fähig sein werden diese 
einzuhalten. Die Schuldverschreibungen können dann bei 
einer der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwahrer hinterlegt (und 
auf den Namen eines Nominees von einem der ICSDs als 
gemeinsamer Verwahrer eingetragen) werden. Es ist zu 
beachten, dass die Schuldverschreibungen selbst dann nicht 
notwendigerweise als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) des Eurosystems 
zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Existenz anerkannt 
werden. Eine solche Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB 
abhängen, dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt 
werden.]81 
 
 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main and that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.]82 
 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier lediglich 
bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer 
Begebung von Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
verwahrt werden und dass die Schuldverschreibungen bei 
ihrer Begebung, zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Laufzeit oder während ihrer gesamten Laufzeit nicht 
notwendigerweise als EZB-fähige Sicherheiten anerkannt 
werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt davon ab, ob die 
Zulässigkeitskriterien des Eurosystems erfüllt sind.]83 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer to the Public84 
Bedingungen des öffentlichen Angebots85 
 
Issue Price at which the Notes will be offered:86 
[insert percentage rate] per cent. 
 
Emissionspreis, zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
voraussichtlich angeboten werden:87 
[Prozentsatz einfügen] % 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[give details] 
 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Total amount of the offer; if the amount is not fixed, 
description of the arrangements and time for 
announcing to the public the definitive amount of the 
offer: 
[give details] 
 
Gesamtsumme des Angebots, wenn die Summe nicht 
feststeht, Beschreibung der Vereinbarungen und des 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
81 
Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer nicht durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN. 
82 
Include explanation in the case of Notes deposited with Clearstream, Frankfurt. 
83 
Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer Verwahrung der Schuldverschreibungen durch Clearstream, Frankfurt.  
84 
Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
85 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 auszufüllen. 
86 
Include those expenses contained in the price, to the extent that they are known.  
87 
Aufnahme der im Preis enthaltenen Kosten, soweit bekannt.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Zeitpunkts für die Ankündigung des endgültigen 
Angebotsbetrags an das Publikum: 
 
Time period, including any possible amendments, 
during which the offer will be open and description of 
the application process: 
[give details] 
 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – während 
der das Angebot vorliegt und Beschreibung des 
Antragsverfahrens: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Description of possible reduction of subscriptions and 
manner of refunding excess amount paid by applicants: 
[give details] 
 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der 
Zeichnungen und der Art und Weise der Rückerstattung 
des zu viel gezahlten Betrages an die Zeichner: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of 
application: 
[give details] 
 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der 
Zeichnung: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Method and time limits for paying up and delivering the 
Notes: 
[give details] 
 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere 
und ihre Lieferung: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Manner and date on which results of the offer are to be 
made public: 
[give details] 
 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die 
Ergebnisse des Angebots offen zu legen sind: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[give details] 
 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen 
Vorzugsrechts, die Übertragbarkeit der 
Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung von nicht 
ausgeübten Zeichnungsrechten: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the 
subscriber/purchaser: 
[not applicable][give details] 
 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung 
gestellt werden: 
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
Public Offer and information to be provided regarding the 
consent by the Issuer: 
[not applicable] 
Öffentliches Angebot und zur Verfügung zu stellende 
Informationen über die Zustimmung der Emittentin: 
[nicht anwendbar] 
 
Final placement of the Notes in the following 
jurisdictions: 
[Luxembourg] [,] [and] [Germany] [,] [and] [The Netherlands]  
 
Endgültige Platzierung der Schuldverschreibungen in 
den folgenden Jurisdiktionen: 
[Luxemburg] [,] [und] [Deutschland] [,] [und] [die 
Niederlande]  
 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final 
placement of the Notes by Dealers and/or further 
financial intermediaries can be made: 
[Not applicable] [Specify offer period]

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
Angebotsfrist, während derer die spätere 
Weiterveräußerung oder endgültige Platzierung von 
Wertpapieren durch die Platzeure oder weitere 
Finanzintermediäre erfolgen kann: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten zur Angebotsfrist einfügen] 
 
[Listing application 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list the issue of Notes described herein pursuant to the 
Euro 7,500,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of Schaeffler AG on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.] 
[Antrag auf Börsennotierung 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten die Details, die erforderlich sind, um die hierin beschriebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen des Euro 7.500.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme der Schaeffler AG an der Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse zu notieren.] 
Authorisation 
The issue of this Series of Notes was authorised by a resolution of the management board of Schaeffler AG passed on [●]. 
Genehmigung 
Die Emission dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen wurde durch einen Beschluss des Vorstandes der Schaeffler AG vom 
[●] genehmigt. 
[Third Party Information 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms that any 
such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility 
for the accuracy thereof. The following sources were used [●].] 
[Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt Folgendes: (i) Die 
Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und – soweit es der Emittentin bekannt 
ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte – keine Fakten weggelassen 
wurden, deren Fehlen die reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin 
hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit. Folgende 
Quellen wurden verwendet [●].] 
 
Signed on behalf of 
Schaeffler AG 
 
By: 
_________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 111 ---
111 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE SCHAEFFLER GROUP 
General Information on Schaeffler AG 
Name, Registered Seat (Sitz) and Purpose (Unternehmensgegenstand) of Schaeffler AG 
Schaeffler AG is a stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) organized under German law.  
Schaeffler AG was founded under the legal name "INA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung" as a limited 
liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung) under German law by articles of association dated April 19, 1982 
and was registered with the commercial register (Handelsregister) at the local court (Amtsgericht) of Fürth, Germany under 
number HRB 2379 on May 26, 1982. 
By resolution of the company's shareholders' meeting dated October 2, 2014, the Issuer changed its legal form to a German 
stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) and its legal name to "Schaeffler AG". The change in legal form and name was registered 
with the commercial register (Handelsregister) at the local court (Amtsgericht) of Fürth, Germany under number HRB 14738 
on October 24, 2014. 
Schaeffler AG's registered office and business address is Schaeffler AG, Industriestraße 1-3, 91074 Herzogenaurach, Germany 
(Tel. +49 9132 82-0). The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Schaeffler AG is 549300Q7E782X7GC1P43. 
The website of Schaeffler AG is www.schaeffler.com. The information on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Pursuant to section 2(1) of the articles of association of Schaeffler AG, the corporate purpose of Schaeffler AG encompasses 
(i) the development, manufacture and distribution of components, parts, systems and software, as well as the development and 
provision of analog and digital services for automobile manufacturers, other industrial customers and other customers, (ii) the 
trading of such products; and (iii) the manufacture or procurement of components, raw materials or parts required for the 
manufacture of the products referred to in (i). 
Fiscal Year  
Schaeffler AG's fiscal year is the calendar year.  
Term and Dissolution  
Schaeffler AG has been founded for an unlimited term and may be dissolved upon a resolution of the general meeting requiring 
a majority of at least three quarters of the share capital represented during the resolution. The assets of Schaeffler AG remaining 
after servicing all liabilities are distributed among all shareholders pro rata to their shareholding (i.e., among both holders of 
common voting bearer shares and common non-voting bearer shares with preferred dividend payments) in Schaeffler AG 
pursuant to the provisions of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
Shareholder Structure 
Schaeffler AG's share capital as of the date of this Base Prospectus amounts to EUR 666,000,000 and is divided into 
500,000,000 common voting bearer shares (Stammaktien) and 166,000,000 common non-voting bearer shares with preferred 
dividend payments (Vorzugsaktien). The shares are no par value shares (Stückaktien), each such share with a notional value of 
EUR 1.00. The share capital of Schaeffler AG is fully paid up. 
Only the common non-voting bearer shares with preferred dividend payments (Vorzugsaktien) are listed on the regulated 
market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, all common voting bearer shares in Schaeffler AG (Stammaktien) are indirectly held 
by Maria-Elisabeth Schaeffler-Thumann and Georg F. W. Schaeffler. 
Statutory Auditors 
The independent auditor of Schaeffler AG is KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Bahnhofstraße 30, 90402 Nürnberg, 
Germany ("KPMG"). KPMG is a member of the German Chamber of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), 
Rauchstraße 26, 10787 Berlin, Germany. KPMG audited the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of the financial 
years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Ratings 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") has assigned a "BB+"88 rating to Schaeffler AG. 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") has assigned a "BB+"89 rating to Schaeffler AG. 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") has assigned a "Ba1"90 rating to Schaeffler AG.  
The credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have been issued by Fitch, S&P and Moody's, all of which 
are established in the European Union and/or the UK registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of September 16, 2009 on credit rating agencies and included in the list of registered credit 
rating 
agencies 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
History 
In 1946, brothers Dr. Wilhelm Schaeffler and Dr. Georg Schaeffler founded Industrie GmbH in Herzogenaurach, Germany. 
LuK (Lamellen- und Kupplungsbau) GmbH was founded in 1965 in Bühl, Germany (in cooperation with Industrienadellager 
("INA")), and later managed as a 50/50 joint venture. After the death of the founders (Dr. Wilhelm Schaeffler died in 1981 
and Dr. Georg Schaeffler died in 1996), Maria-Elisabeth Schaeffler-Thumann, Dr. Georg Schaeffler's widow, and her son 
Georg F. W. Schaeffler took charge of the family business to continue their life's work. In 1999, Schaeffler Group acquired 
from Valeo S.A. the 50% of LuK that it did not yet own. In 2001, INA acquired FAG (FAG Kugelfischer Georg Schäfer AG). 
Since 2002, INA, FAG and LuK have been the main brands owned by Schaeffler Group. 
In July 2008, the then existing Schaeffler Group initiated an acquisition of Continental AG via a public tender offer, which 
was financed primarily by external debt. Following this acquisition, it focused on the gradual improvement of its debt profile. 
In 2011, the then existing Schaeffler Group took a key step in this direction, when it significantly reduced its financial debt 
and achieved a considerable improvement of the terms and conditions of its financing by selling some of its stake in Continental 
AG. In 2012, the then existing Schaeffler Group also debuted on the capital markets by completing its first ever bond offering. 
In 2014, the then existing Schaeffler Group and its shareholders completed the final stage of a multi-year corporate 
reorganization that had been initiated in 2012 and was designed to establish a clean structure separating ownership of Schaeffler 
Group from ownership in Continental Aktiengesellschaft. 
On October 9, 2015 the non-voting bearer shares with preferred dividend payments (Vorzugsaktien) in Schaeffler AG were 
listed and traded for the first time on the regulated market (Prime Standard) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter 
Wertpapierbörse). The non-voting bearer shares with preferred dividend payments (Vorzugsaktien) of Schaeffler AG are 
included in Deutsche Börse AG's SDAX index from March 18, 2019. 
With effect as of January 1, 2018, the former Automotive Aftermarket business division was set up as a third stand-alone 
division of the Schaeffler Group. This step reflects the increased significance of the Automotive Aftermarket business to the 
Schaeffler Group. As a consequence, the Schaeffler Group has been dividing its business into three divisions – Automotive 
Technologies, Automotive Aftermarket, and Industrial. 
Group Structure 
Schaeffler AG is the parent company of Schaeffler Group and acts as the group's lead company with no significant operating 
business. The operating business of Schaeffler Group is carried out by Schaeffler Technologies AG & Co. KG, a 100% directly 
owned subsidiary of Schaeffler AG, and its subsidiaries. Schaeffler AG's audited consolidated financial statements include all 
material subsidiaries whose financial and business policy can be controlled by Schaeffler AG, either directly or indirectly, and 
entities for which Schaeffler AG has the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decision and therefore has 
 
88 
Fitch defines "BB+" rating as follows: "BB" ratings indicate an elevated vulnerability to default risk, particularly in the event of adverse 
changes in business or economic conditions over time; however, business or financial flexibility exists that supports the servicing of 
financial commitments. Within rating categories, Fitch may use modifiers. The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a rating to 
denote relative status within major categories. 
89 
S&P defines "BB+" as follows: An obligation rated "BB" is less vulnerable in the near term than other lower-rated obligors. However, it 
faces major ongoing uncertainties and exposure to adverse business, financial, or economic conditions that could lead to the obligor's 
inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. Ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or 
minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the rating categories. 
90 
Moody's defines "Ba1" as follows: "Obligations rated Ba are judged to be speculative and are subject to substantial credit risk. Moody's 
appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the 
obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 
indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category". 
 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any 
time.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
significant influence. In addition to Schaeffler AG, the group of consolidated companies included 148 subsidiaries as of 
December 31, 2021. 
The following simplified chart provides an overview of selected material subsidiaries of Schaeffler AG as of the date of the 
Base Prospectus:  
 
Business Overview  
Schaeffler Group is an integrated global automotive and industrial supplier with local presence throughout the world. The 
Group develops and manufactures components, systems, and services for powertrains and chassis, as well as rolling and plain 
bearing solutions for a large number of industrial applications. Additionally, Schaeffler provides repair solutions in original-
equipment quality for the automotive spare parts market worldwide. With 82,981 employees (as of December 31, 2021) 
Schaeffler Group is one of the largest global technology companies according to its own estimation, serving multiple 
automotive and industrial customer sectors. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, Schaeffler Group had revenues of 
EUR 13,852 million (fiscal year ended December 31, 2020: EUR 12,589 million) and EBIT before special items (as defined 
below) of EUR 1,266 million (fiscal year ended December 31, 2020: EUR 798 million).  
Strategy 
The Group's overarching objective is to create value sustainably for all its stakeholders. In order to achieve this objective, 
Schaeffler Group relies on its key strengths – innovative strength, quality, systems know-how, and manufacturing expertise – 
to shape progress that moves the world. The objective is also reflected in the claim "We pioneer motion". The Group's mission 
is to develop and deliver innovative and intelligent components, systems, and services that enable sustainable mobility and 
motion in cooperation with its customers, partners, and society.  
The Group's strategic framework entitled Roadmap 2025 ("Roadmap 2025") consists of three main elements. First element is 
the strategy 2025, which is designed to concentrate on key company strengths and make the Schaeffler Group more focussed 
and efficient in existing and new business areas. To be successful in global competition under the current market conditions, 
Schaeffler has defined the following strategic priorities: Innovation, Agility, and Efficiency. 
The strategy 2025 focuses on five focus growth areas: CO2-efficent Drives, Chassis Applications, Industrial Machinery & 
Equipment, Renewable Energy and Services & Aftermarket Solutions. These focus areas are based on future trends, such as 
sustainability and climate change, new mobility and electrified powertrain, demographic change, data economy and 
digitalisation, and autonomous production, with influence on Schaeffler Group's product portfolio. 
In addition to the strategy, Schaeffler Group has defined an execution program 2025 and mid-term targets 2025 as part of the 
Roadmap 2025. The execution programme is divided in seven subprogrammes, which are divisional and cross-divisional, and 
all concentrate on the three strategic priorities. The mid-term targets sustain the overarching objective of sustainable value 
creation and provide the quantitative framework for the planned result of strategy and execution program. 
Throughout the group, the key strategic topics sustainability and digitalization are backed up by increased attention and 
resources. Sustainability represents a significant component of the Schaeffler Group’s corporate values and is considered a 
Schaeffler 
Automotive 
Buehl GmbH & 
Co. KG, Bühl 
Schaeffler 
Automotive  
Aftermarket 
GmbH & Co. 
KG, Langen 
Schaeffler 
(China) Co., 
Ltd., Taicang 
Schaeffler 
Trading  
(Shanghai) Co., 
Ltd., Shanghai 
Other  
subsidiaries 
Schaeffler 
Group  
USA, Inc., Fort 
Mill 
Schaeffler AG 
Schaeffler Technologies  
AG & Co. KG, 
Herzogenaurach

--- Page 114 ---
114 
task of society as a whole. Sustainable corporate success is understood to mean assuming ecological and social responsibility 
– in production, through the use of the company's products by customers, as well as through the involvement of suppliers. For 
this reason, group-wide sustainability targets have been adopted. In addition, to give sustained, long-term effect to these targets, 
Schaeffler Group integrated them into the variable component of the remuneration paid to senior management.  
Schaeffler has established a digital agenda, to address digital transformation as a common task for all divisions, functions, and 
regions within the group. Along the entire value chain, there are growth opportunities through digitalization, for example 
through the automation of business processes, the extraction of additional information from structured and unstructured data, 
and modern forms of connectivity. 
Business Divisions 
The Schaeffler Group's business is managed based on the three divisions – Automotive Technologies, Automotive 
Aftermarket, and Industrial – which also represent the reportable segments. Until December 31, 2021, the Automotive 
Technologies division organizes its business into the four business divisions E-Mobility, Engine Systems, Transmission 
Systems, and Chassis Systems. The Automotive Aftermarket and Industrial divisions are managed based on the regions 
Europe, Americas, Greater China, and Asia/Pacific. 
Automotive Technologies Division 
In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Automotive Technologies Division generated 60.9% (prior year: 62.1%) of 
the Group's revenue and 46.2% (prior year: 33.0%) of the Group's EBIT before special items (as defined below). 
In the Automotive Technologies Division, the ten largest customers accounted for 62.6% (prior year: 64.5%) of the division's 
total revenue in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
The Automotive Technologies division partners with the global automotive industry for passenger cars and commercial 
vehicles in developing and manufacturing components and systems for all electric and hybrid powertrains, for internal 
combustion engines, as well as for chassis systems including products for autonomous driving. Moreover, the division offers 
a wide range of rolling bearings. Until December 31, 2021, the Automotive Technologies division managed its business based 
on the four business divisions ("BD") E-Mobility, Engine Systems, Transmission Systems, and Chassis Systems which in turn 
comprised several business units: 
E-Mobility 
The E-Mobility BD develops and manufactures products and system solutions for powertrain electrification – from 48-volt 
mild hybrids and plug-in hybrids through to all-electric drives. The product portfolio includes hybrid modules, electric axle 
transmissions, electric axle drives, electromechanical and hydraulic actuators, wet double clutches, as well as electric motors. 
Furthermore, the E-Mobility BD includes products, previously managed by the Engine Systems BD, such as thermal 
management modules and key components for fuel cells. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the E-Mobility BD 
accounted for 14.8% (prior year: 13.4%) of the Automotive Technologies Division's revenues. 
Engine Systems 
The Engine Systems BD develops and manufactures components and systems for conventional and hybridized internal 
combustion engines. The product portfolio includes valve-lash adjustment elements, variable valve train systems, camshaft 
phasing systems, and products for chain and belt drives. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Engine Systems BD 
accounted for 25.6% (prior year: 26.3%) of the Automotive Technologies Division's revenues. 
Transmission Systems 
The Transmission Systems BD develops and manufactures components and systems for transmissions. The product portfolio 
includes products such as torque converters, torsion and vibration dampers, clutches, and transmission bearings. In the fiscal 
year ended December 31, 2021, the Transmission Systems BD accounted for 44.3% (prior year: 44.9%) of the Automotive 
Technologies Division's revenues. 
Chassis Systems 
The Chassis Systems BD develops and manufactures products including mechanical components and systems for the chassis, 
such as wheel bearings, bearings for chassis and accessory units, as well as special applications for commercial vehicles. In 
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Chassis Systems BD accounted for 15.3% (prior year: 15.4%) of the Automotive 
Technologies Division's revenues.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
In order to align the Automotive Technologies division toward future-oriented technologies and the transition in the automotive 
industry, effective January 1, 2022, the Automotive Technologies division manages its business based on the four BDs E-
Mobility, Engine & Transmission Systems, Bearings, and Chassis Systems. This organizational change separates the 
powertrain-specific business from the powertrain-agnostic business more clearly than before. The largely powertrain-agnostic 
range of rolling bearing applications and products was previously part of the Transmission Systems and Chassis Systems BDs 
within the Automotive Technologies division. Since January 1, 2022, it has been housed in the new Bearings BD with the goal 
to access new markets in a highly competitive environment and increase the visibility of the bearing business as well as enhance 
it with a focus on applications and customers. Additionally, Schaeffler plans to focus the E-Mobility and Chassis Systems BDs 
more closely on their future core business. 
Automotive Aftermarket Division 
In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Automotive Aftermarket Division generated 13.3% of the Group's revenue 
(prior year: 13.0%) and 20.1% (prior year: 32.3%) of the Group's EBIT before special items (as defined below). 
The Automotive Aftermarket division is responsible for the Schaeffler Group's global business with spare parts for passenger 
cars and commercial vehicles. The product portfolio comprises components and comprehensive repair solutions in original-
equipment quality for engine, transmission, and chassis applications in the vehicles & light commercial vehicles, trucks & 
buses, and off-road customer sectors.  
The Automotive Aftermarket division is largely supplied by the Automotive Technologies division's manufacturing locations 
and operates under the Schaeffler corporate brand and distributes its range under the three product brands LuK, INA, and FAG. 
In addition, it offers comprehensive services for repair shops under the service brand REPXPERT. The management model of 
the division follows a regional approach based on the regions Europe, Americas, Greater China, and Asia/Pacific. Within each 
region, products and services are sold via two distribution channels: the Original Equipment Service (OES) and the open 
(independent) spare parts market, known as the Independent Aftermarket (IAM). 
Industrial Division 
In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Industrial Division generated 25.8% (prior year: 24.9%) of the Group's revenue 
and 33.7% (prior year: 34.6%) of the Group's EBIT before special items (as defined below). 
The Industrial division develops and manufactures bearing solutions, drive technology components and systems, as well as 
service solutions such as monitoring systems for a large number of industrial applications. Additionally, the division is working 
intensively on new products for the hydrogen economy. 
The management model of the Industrial Division follows a regional approach based on the regions Europe, Americas, Greater 
China, and Asia/Pacific. Within the regions, the division distributes its product portfolio via the relevant machinery and plant 
manufacturers, distribution partners, service providers, or directly to the end customer in eight sector clusters: (1) wind, 
(2) aerospace, (3) railway, (4) off-road, (5) two-wheelers, (6) raw materials, (7) power transmission, and (8) industrial 
automation. In order to facilitate comprehensive insight that is oriented along the sales markets, the eight sector clusters are in 
turn assigned to four market clusters: (1) renewables, (2) transportation & mobility, (3) machinery & materials, and 
(4) industrial automation. Industry 4.0 products and services as well as the hydrogen growth area are each concentrated in a 
strategic business field with global responsibility. 
The industrial division's product portfolio includes bearing solutions, drive technology components and systems, service 
solutions as well es components and services for hydrogen economy. Bearing solutions compromise rolling and plain bearings 
as well as linear guidance systems. The offered bearing solutions cover a wide range from high-speed and high-precision 
bearings with small diameters to large-size bearings several meters wide. Linear Guidance systems are used in machine tools 
within the industrial automation cluster. Drive-technology components and systems which include, inter alia, direct drives and 
actuators. In this context the division positions as a partner to the rapidly growing robotics industry by offering innovative 
bearing supports, robot gearboxes, and drive motors. Within the service business Schaeffler offers a comprehensive product 
and service portfolio along the entire product life cycle – from condition monitoring, expert services and training, and 
lubrication systems through to maintenance tools, reconditioning bearings, and spare parts. Moreover, new solutions are 
developed, for instance monitoring and digital services for predictive maintenance on the condition of machines and equipment 
in the field of Industry 4.0. In the strategic hydrogen business area, the focus is on components for hydrogen production using 
electrolyzers, such as bipolar plates, as well as on integrated solutions like cell kits and intelligent stack systems and matching 
Industry 4.0 service concepts. 
Overview Division Earnings 
The following table provides key information on the earnings of Schaeffler Group's operating divisions:

--- Page 116 ---
116 
(amounts in 
EUR million, 
unless 
otherwise 
indicated) 
Automotive Technologies 
Automotive Aftermarket 
Industrial 
Schaeffler Group Total 
Fiscal year ended 
December 31, 
Change 
in % 
Fiscal year ended 
December 31, 
Change 
in % 
Fiscal year ended 
December 31, 
Change 
in % 
Fiscal year ended 
December 31, 
Change 
in % 
2021 
2020 
 
2021 
2020 
 
2021 
2020 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited, unless otherwise specified) 
Revenue 
8,436 
7,816 
7.9 
1,848 
1,642 
12.6 
3,568 
3,132 
13.9 
13,852 
12,589 
10.0 
at constant 
currency * 
(1) (3) 
 
 
7.4 
 
 
13.0 
 
 
13.6 
 
 
9.7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue by 
region (2) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Europe 
3,074 
2,883 
6.6 
1,275 
1,184 
7.7 
1,473 
1,312 
12.2 
5,823 
5,379 
8.2 
at constant 
currency * 
(1) (3) 
 
 
7.1 
 
 
8.1 
 
 
12.3 
 
 
8.6 
Americas 
1,870 
1,772 
5.5 
363 
301 
20.7 
588 
528 
11.3 
2,821 
2,601 
8.5 
at constant 
currency * 
(1) (3) 
 
 
6.8 
 
 
26.1 
 
 
13.8 
 
 
10.3 
Greater China 
2,211 
2,023 
9.3 
101 
77 
31.3 
982 
840 
16.8 
3,294 
2,941 
12.0 
at constant 
currency * 
(1) (3) 
 
 
5.7 
 
 
27.5 
 
 
14.5 
 
 
8.8 
Asia Pacific 
1,281 
1,138 
12.6 
109 
80 
35.7 
525 
451 
16.6 
1,915 
1,668 
14.8 
at constant 
currency * 
(1) (3) 
 
 
13.8 
 
 
37.9 
 
 
18.3 
 
 
16.1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cost of sales* 
(6,632) 
(6,382) 
3.9 
(1,263) 
(1,073) 
17.7 
(2,517) 
(2,275) 
10.6 
(10,412) 
(9,730) 
7.0 
Gross profit* 
1,804 
1,434 
25.8 
585 
569 
2.9 
1,051 
856 
22.7 
3,439 
2,859 
20.3 
in % of 
revenue * 
21.4 
18.3 
- 
31.7 
34.6 
- 
29.4 
27.3 
- 
24.8 
22.7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Earning 
before 
financial 
result and 
income taxes 
(EBIT) 
620 
(344) 
- 
272 
228 
19.3 
372 
(33) 
- 
1,264 
(149) 
- 
in % of 
revenue 
7.4 
(4.4) 
- 
14.7 
13.9 
- 
10.4 
(1.0) 
- 
9.1 
(1.2) 
- 
Special items 
(3) 
(35) 
608 
- 
(18) 
30 
- 
55 
309 
(82.3) 
1 
946 
(99.9) 
EBIT before 
special items 
585 
263 
 >100 
254 
258 
(1.4) 
426 
276 
54.4 
1,266 
798 
58.7 
in % of 
revenue 
6.9 
3.4 
- 
13.8 
15.7 
- 
12.0 
8.8 
- 
9.1 
6.3 
- 
* Unaudited 
(1) Performance Indicator. Revenue figures at constant currency, i.e. excluding the impact of currency translation, are calculated by translating functional currency 
revenue using a standard exchange rate for both the current and the prior year or comparison reporting period in relation to actual prior year figures. 
(2) By market view (customer location). 
(3) For further information, please refer to the section "Performance Indicators" below. 
Sustainability 
Sustainability represents a significant component of Schaeffler Group's corporate values. Sustainable corporate success is 
understood to mean assuming ecological and social responsibility – in production, through the use of the Group's products by 
customers, as well as through the involvement of suppliers.  
The Group’s "Sustainability Roadmap" addresses significant action fields such as climate protection, occupational safety and 
sustainable supply chain. Specifically, the Group has set itself the following eight sustainability targets:  
• 
Energy efficiency: The Group aims to increase its energy efficiency in relation to business development. The 
Schaeffler Group has started bundling all relevant resources in a single energy efficiency program through an

--- Page 117 ---
117 
interdisciplinary team of specialists on a plant, regional, and central level with the goal of implementing energy 
efficiency measures with cumulated annual efficiency gains of 100GWh by 2024. 
• 
Renewable energy: The Schaeffler Group supports the expansion of renewable energy generation with the necessary 
components and solutions, including bearing solutions for wind turbines, solar and waterpower. Schaeffler Group 
aims to purchase 100% of its power from renewable sources by 2024. Since 2020, 100% of Schaeffler's purchased 
power in Germany comes from renewable sources. 
• 
Climate-neutral supply chain: Schaeffler Group intends to achieve a climate-neutral supply chain by 2040, which 
includes measures to reduce emissions resulting from intermediates and raw materials and in particular the increased 
sourcing of green steel. 
• 
Climate-neutral production: Schaeffler Group intends to achieve a carbon-neutral production by 2030, which 
includes measures to increase energy efficiency and the purchase of green electricity. 
• 
CDP rating: The Schaeffler Group has further enhanced its sustainability ratings and rankings in the recent past 
through consistent implementation of its "Sustainability Roadmap". Among other things, the Group has achieved its 
2021 target of a score of A-91 in the CDP climate rating. 
• 
Freshwater supply: In an effort to minimize water-related production risks by systematically reducing water 
dependence, a long-term goal for reducing the freshwater withdrawal of the Group by 20% by 2030 was adopted in 
2020.  
• 
Accident rate: Employees are key contributors to Schaeffler Group's success, which is why improving occupational 
health and safety on a continuous basis is a top priority for the Group. The Schaeffler Group has therefore set itself 
the target of reducing its accident rate by an average of 10 % every year until 2024. 
• 
Sustainable suppliers: Schaeffler Group intends to purchase 90% of its purchasing volume of production material 
from suppliers with sustainability self-assessments by the end of 2022.  
Moreover, Schaeffler Group aims to operate as a climate-neutral company from 2040.  
The Issuer believes that effective climate protection requires a high degree of agility and adaptability. As a leading automotive 
and industrial supplier, Schaeffler Group develops solutions and components for a sustainable energy and mobility transition. 
In addition to developing future-oriented solutions focussing on to renewable energies, the portfolio of the Group includes 
drive solutions for electric vehicles, including electric axles used in a highly effective powertrain for increased efficiency. 
With its products and solutions, the Schaeffler Group aims to help its customers to achieve their climate goals.  
Distribution and Markets 
Schaeffler Group has a strong global presence. The business activities are divided into four regions: the Europe region 
(comprising Western Europe, Central and Eastern Europe & Middle East and Africa), the Americas region (comprising North 
America and South America), the Greater China region (which also includes Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macao) and the 
Asia/Pacific region (comprising Japan, South Korea, India and the countries in Southeast Asia). In addition to the traditional 
core markets in Europe (42.0% of the Group's consolidated revenue in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021) and the 
Americas (20.4% of the Group's consolidated revenue in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021), the Group's business is 
increasingly significant in key growth markets, such as Greater China and Asia/Pacific, which accounted for 23.8% and 13.8%, 
respectively, of consolidated revenue in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021.  
Distribution is embedded directly in each of the Automotive Technologies, Automotive Aftermarket and Industrial Divisions.  
The Automotive Technologies Division's global key account management function is responsible for serving key customers. 
Schaeffler Group believes that in this manner, the Automotive Technologies Division is consistently oriented along customer 
and market needs. 
The Automotive Aftermarket Division uses two distribution channels to sell its products and services within each of the four 
regions: the Original Equipment Service ("OES") which accounted for 21.8% of the Automotive Aftermarket Division's 
revenues in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and the open (independent) spare parts market, known as the Independent 
Aftermarket ("IAM") which accounted for 78.2% of the Automotive Aftermarket Division's revenues in the fiscal year ended 
December 31, 2021. The OES comprises the automobile manufacturers' spare parts business, that is, supplying original spare 
parts and services to branded repair shops, i.e. those that are authorized by automobile manufacturers. IAM, on the other hand, 
 
91 
CDP assesses companies across four consecutive levels ("Disclosures", "Awareness", "Management" and "Leadership") which 
represent the steps a company moves through as it progresses towards environmental stewardship. "A" and "A-" stand for the highest 
level "Leadership".  
 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may differ. The Issuer's ESG 
ratings are not indicative of its current or future operating or financial performance, or any future ability to service any Notes.  
ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
supplies independent, non-branded repair shops with components as well as repair solutions and services. IAM differentiates 
between two types of business: In addition to the traditional component business consisting of replacing parts, the Automotive 
Aftermarket Division develops and distributes custom-assembled repair sets and kits for simple, efficient, and professional 
vehicle repairs.  
Within the four regions, the Industrial Division serves customers directly through the eight sector and four market clusters 
outlined above. Transregional issues, such as the global technology and product strategy, are driven forward by the close 
network linking the regions within the division. A global key account management function for key customers with operations 
in more than one region is aimed at meeting their needs with the same level of quality all over the world. 
Production 
As a global automotive and industrial supplier, the Schaeffler Group currently has a global production system consisting of 
75 plants in 22 countries as of December 31, 2021. The plants, which employed approximately 65,000 staff as of December 
31, 2021, form the core of Schaeffler Group's operations and are managed based on uniform principles.  
The global production system and the manufacturing technologies utilized in the plants represent key factors underlying the 
Schaeffler Group's worldwide success.  
Procurement 
The Schaeffler Group uses various materials in manufacturing its products, especially different types of steel (flat steel or steel 
bar), aluminum, copper, as well as plastics and lubricants. Commodity market price trends affect the Schaeffler Group's cost 
to varying degrees. Price changes are normally either passed on indirectly with a time-lag via changes in costs charged by 
suppliers or via new prices during contract negotiations. 
Steel is used to manufacture rolling bearings and automotive components. Aluminium is primarily used for pressure die 
castings, while copper is mainly required for use in electric motors and mechatronic components. The Schaeffler Group uses 
plastics, for instance to produce cages for rolling bearings, and lubricants serve to reduce friction in components and as 
preservatives. Plastics and lubricants are often made based on crude oil. 
Property, Plant and Equipment 
As of December 31, 2021, the Group operated 75 manufacturing plants in 22 countries worldwide, the vast majority of which 
are owned by Schaeffler Group. As of December 31, 2021, Schaeffler Group operated 43 plants in Europe, 13 in the Americas, 
10 in Greater China and 9 in Asia/Pacific. All plants of the Schaeffler Group are operated with the same high standards of 
quality and environmental protection and are certified under globally recognized quality norms, standards, and regulations.  
The corporate headquarter of Schaeffler Group is located in Herzogenaurach, Germany. The Group fully owns the area and 
the building with a surface area of approximate 372.9 thousand square meters. 
Information Technology Systems 
Schaeffler Group's information technology infrastructure is characterized by a high level of standardization. The Group's 
information technology systems and application landscapes rely heavily on SAP software. Applications are unified for the 
Group's divisions. Non-SAP software is only used for office applications and computer-aided design as specified software.  
A key cornerstone of these activities is establishing an agile IT organization that designs, implements, and operates the IT of 
tomorrow in close collaboration with the divisions, functions, and regions. 
Research and Development 
Technological transformation and the related challenges require Schaeffler to enhance the group's technological and 
methodical capabilities to safeguard its long-term competitive ability. The Schaeffler Group's research and development 
activities are bundled in a global R&D program to address the four success factors innovation, technology, efficiency, and 
process. In order to unfold the full potential of its innovations, the Schaeffler Group has defined the following six innovation 
clusters: Hydrogen and Energy Transition, Bearing Technologies, Material and Surface Science, Artificial Intelligence, 
Robotics and Internet of Things (IoT) and Electric and Automated Mobility.  
Furthermore, Schaeffler Group performs research on strategic issues of the future in a global innovation network of 
universities, companies, research institutions, and start-ups under the group's Open Innovation strategy. The Schaeffler Hub 
for Advanced Research (SHARE) programme comprises a global research net-work with leading universities around the world. 
Under the program, the Schaeffler Group for instance works closely with Karlsruhe Institute for Technology, Germany

--- Page 119 ---
119 
(research focus: electric and automated mobility) or Nanyang Technological University, Singapore (research focus: robotics 
and Industry 4.0).  
With respect to the Automotive Technologies and Automotive Aftermarket divisions, the activities are mainly focussed on 
new mobility, for instance new drive technologies, fuel cell technology, electrified powertrains, energy storage or automated 
driving. In the Industry division the development focus is mainly concentrated on system solutions for Industry 4.0 and the 
growing robotics market, use of hydrogen in industry applications, as well as friction-improved rolling bearing technologies. 
The research and development ("R&D") expenses of the Group amounted to EUR 748 million in 2021 and EUR 684 million 
in 2020, or approximately 5.4% of Schaeffler Group's revenue in each period. 
As of December 31, 2021, the Schaeffler Group employed around 7,414 employees at 20 R&D centres and additional R&D 
locations in a total of 23 countries. 
Intellectual Property 
The Group has obtained many patents and licenses to cover its products, their design and manufacturing processes and is 
continuously seeking to secure further patents on the Group's developments. 
With 1,907 patent registrations in the fiscal year 2020, Schaeffler Group is Germany's second most innovative company 
according to the German Patent and Trademark Office (Deutsches Patent- und Markenamt) and considers itself as one of the 
leading innovators in the industrial sector. As of December 31, 2021, Schaeffler Group held approximately 25,000 patents and 
patent applications. 
Investments 
Except as described below under "Recent Events", Schaeffler Group has made no new or previously unannounced investments 
between December 31, 2021 and the date of this Base Prospectus, and its management has made no decisions or firm 
commitments on investments for the future, that would result in a significant change in the financial or trading position of the 
Schaeffler Group. 
In 2021, the capital expenditures on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (capex) increased by EUR 39 million 
or 6.2% to EUR 671 million (prior year: EUR 632 million). Capital expenditures amounted to 4.8% (prior year: 5.0%) of the 
Group's revenue (capex ratio). By far the largest share of total capital expenditures related to the Europe region. 
Total additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment amounted to EUR 670 million in the fiscal year 2021 
(prior year: EUR 639 million). The majority 64% of these additions related to the Automotive Technologies Division, 3% to 
the Automotive Aftermarket Division and 33% to the Industrial Division.  
In 2021, the investment focus of the Automotive Technologies Division was on machines for new products and on capacity 
expansions in the Europe and Greater China regions. In Europe, Schaeffler Group opened the first production plant dedicated 
to electric mobility at its Szombathely location in Hungary.  
The Automotive Aftermarket division focused on investing in digital distribution channels in the Europe region. 
The Industrial division invested primarily in expanding capacities in the Europe and Greater China regions in 2021. At Brasov 
plant in Romania, the division invested in the construction of a new production building as well as in machines for railway 
bearings. Additional machinery was acquired for the production building for large-size bearings commissioned in Nanjing, 
China.  
At the Schaeffler Group's global headquarters in Herzogenaurach, preparations for the construction of a new cross-divisional 
central laboratory facility was started. 
Employees 
The Schaeffler Group believes that its employees represent one of the key pillars of the Group's success. The objective of the 
company's human resources activities is to identify, support, and retain the best employees for the long term as an attractive 
employer. 
The following table shows the headcount as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 by the Group's regions:

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2020 
Number of Employees 
Europe* 
53,006 
53,865 
Americas 
11,599 
11,785 
Greater China 
12,337 
11,787 
Asia Pacific 
6,039 
5,964 
Schaeffler Group 
82,981 
83,297 
* Including employees of the corporate head office. 
The number of employees of Schaeffler Group as of the date of this Base Prospectus does not differ significantly from the 
number of employees as of December 31, 2021. 
Litigation and Administrative Proceedings 
The Schaeffler Group is, and may become involved, in legal or administrative proceedings during the ordinary course of its 
business activities, both as a plaintiff and as a defendant.  
With the exception of the matter described below, the Schaeffler Group is not currently involved, and has not been involved 
in the past 12 months, in governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including pending or threatened proceedings) that 
could or recently had a significant impact on the financial position or profitability of the Schaeffler Group. 
Antitrust Investigations and Proceedings 
Since 2011, several antitrust authorities have been investigating several manufacturers of rolling bearings and other vendor 
parts for the automotive sector. The authorities have been investigating possible agreements violating antitrust laws. Schaeffler 
Group companies are among the entities subject to these investigations. In addition, there is a risk that third parties may claim 
damages in connection with antitrust proceedings that are either ongoing or have been finalized. As of December 31, 2021, 
Schaeffler Group has recognised provisions for potential third party claims in connection with anti-trust proceedings to the 
extent IFRS provided for the setting up of a provision. Additional penalties or claims for damages cannot be ruled out. 
Schaeffler Group cooperates with the investigating authorities in current and future investigations as a matter of principle. 
In 2011, the U.S. Department of Justice served a grand jury subpoena on Schaeffler Group USA Inc. In 2012, Schaeffler Group 
USA Inc. submitted documents and information to the U.S. Department of Justice. As Schaeffler Group USA Inc. has not 
received a response since, the Group believes that it is unlikely that proceedings will be reactivated against the Group's 
subsidiary.  
In addition, beginning in May 2012, several class action lawsuits were filed by plaintiffs in the United States and Canada 
against various entities of the Schaeffler Group and certain other defendants in the context of the aforementioned investigation 
by the U.S. Department of Justice. Schaeffler Group subsequently settled all of these lawsuits filed in the United States and 
Canada. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, none of the individual plaintiffs who have opted out of these settlements are 
actively pursuing claims for damages against the Group or threatened to file such claims.  
On February 5, 2020, a Motion to Certify ("MTC") was filed with the Central District Court in Israel. The MTC and the 
statement of claim ("SOC") describe proceedings in the US (including a plea bargain with the DOJ and a class action), Europe 
(a decision by the European Commission of March 19, 2014) and Japan in the context of a bearings cartel. According to the 
MTC, several defendants, including companies of the Schaeffler Group, were members of a cartel regarding bearings from 
April 8, 2004 to July 25, 2011. The damage to the Israeli consumers derives allegedly from the impact of the alleged cartel on 
the prices of the vehicles due to the relevant components and on the prices of the relevant parts in workshops. The MTC/SOC 
do not specify the exact damage to Israeli consumers. The Group intends to defend itself against this claim.  
In Spain a customer announced its intention to bring a claim for damages for a certain of the Group's subsidiary's participation 
in the Spanish railway cartel. So far, no claim letter was received and the Group will defend itself against this claim. 
The Brazilian Administrative Council for Economic Defense (Conselho Administrativo de Defesa Economica) has initiated a 
preliminary investigation of Schaeffler Brasil Ltda., the Group's Brazilian subsidiary, regarding an alleged exchange of 
information in violation of Brazilian antitrust laws. Due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in Brazil, it is unclear, when

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Brazilian Administrative Council for Economic Defense (Conselho Administrativo de Defesa Economica) will issue a report 
regarding its investigation. The Group intends to defend itself in any proceedings resulting from that preliminary investigation. 
Product Liability Proceedings 
Although Schaeffler Group aims to address any product-related risks prospectively through a careful product development 
procedure and thorough quality management systems, the Group is frequently subject to product liability lawsuits and other 
proceedings alleging violations of due care, violation of warrant obligations and claims arising from breaches of contract, 
recall campaigns or fines imposed by governments. 
Contamination Proceedings  
In December 2020, eight individuals filed a complaint in Jasper County, Missouri, against Schaeffler Group USA Inc. and 
FAG Bearings LLC, alleging damages in an unspecified amount for claims of strict liability, negligence, negligence per se, 
punitive damages, loss of consortium, wrongful death, fraudulent concealment and conspiracy, resulting from toxic chemicals 
exposure, including trichloroethylene ("TCE"). The plaintiffs were residents of the local community near the Joplin, Missouri 
plant and claim exposure to TCE in the water, amongst other exposures caused by FAG Bearings LLC in the area. The court 
denied the Group's motion to dismiss Schaeffler Group USA Inc. from the case, but did dismiss certain causes of action, 
namely, for strict liability, negligence per se and punitive damages. The discovery process is expected to continue at least until 
the end of 2022. The Group intends to defend itself against these claims. 
On February 5, 2021, two individuals sued FAG Bearings LLC and Schaeffler Group USA Inc., in Circuit Court of Jasper 
County for damages in an unspecified amount for claims of strict liability, negligence, punitive damages and loss of consortium 
resulting from toxic chemicals exposure, including TCE, that allegedly caused plaintiff's multiple sclerosis. On February 23, 
2022, the court issued an order for summary judgement. The plaintiffs appealed the order for summary judgement and we are 
currently awaiting a decision on the appeal. The group intends to defend itself against these claims. 
Further, some of the Group's subsidiaries in the United States are defendants in suits brought by individuals claiming personal 
injuries as a result of alleged exposure to clutch-lining material containing asbestos, which was sold until the end of the 1980s. 
Insurance 
The Group believes that Schaeffler AG and its subsidiaries have economically reasonable insurance protection, to the extent 
customary in the industry.  
Material Agreements 
The following section provides a summary of material agreements to which any member of the Group is a party. 
Financing Agreements 
Facilities Agreement 
The Issuer is party to a EUR 1,800 million syndicated term loan and revolving credit facilities agreement (as amended from 
time to time, the "Facilities Agreement"). At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Facilities Agreement consists of a 
EUR 1,800 million revolving credit facility (the "Schaeffler Group Revolving Facility"), accrued interest on which is payable 
in cash and which matures (subject to an uncommitted extension option for an extension of the final maturity date by up to 
two years) on September 30, 2024. As of December 31, 2021, the Schaeffler Group Revolving Facility was utilized in a total 
amount of EUR 33 million, primarily in the form of letters of credit. The facilities made available under the Facilities 
Agreement are unsecured in rem.  
Until the date on which credit ratings solicited by Schaeffler AG of BBB/Baa2 (or equivalent) have been assigned to Schaeffler 
AG's long-term debt by at least two of Moody's and/or any of the other two rating agencies of international standing which are 
market leaders (the "Facilities Agreement Fall-Away Date"), the Facilities Agreement contains a covenant that requires the 
Group to satisfy a specified financial test and maintain a specified financial ratio regarding the maximum level of total 
consolidated net debt to consolidated EBITDA, each as calculated in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Facilities 
Agreement. Furthermore, the Facilities Agreement contains covenants that impose restrictions on the operations of the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries and certain transactions they may undertake. Certain prepayment events apply to the Facilities Agreement, 
including the occurrence of a change of control event. Additionally, the Issuer has the obligation to periodically provide certain 
financial and other information to the lenders. The loans made available under the Facilities Agreement may be accelerated 
(and unutilised commitments under the Facilities Agreement may be cancelled) by the lenders in case an event of default 
(including, but not limited to, a failure to comply with the financial covenant or a cross default) has occurred and is continuing.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Notes issued under this Programme 
On March 26, 2019, and October 12, 2020 the Issuer issued several series of notes under this Programme, of which the 
following are still outstanding as of the date of this Base Prospectus (the "Existing Programme Notes"): 
• 
EUR 800 million 1.875% fixed-rate notes due March 26, 2024; 
• 
EUR 750 million 2.750% fixed-rate notes due October 12, 2025; 
• 
EUR 650 million 2.875% fixed-rate notes due March 26, 2027; and 
• 
EUR 750 million 3.375% fixed-rate notes due October 12, 2028 
Promissory Notes (Schuldscheindarlehen) 
In May, June and August 2020, Schaeffler AG issued in total EUR 557 million (partially "green") promissory notes 
(Schuldscheindarlehen) (the "Promissory Notes"), governed by German law. EUR 264 million of the Promissory Notes 
mature on May 11, 2023, EUR 167 million mature on May 12, 2025, EUR 76 million mature on May 11, 2028 and 
EUR 50 million mature on May 13, 2030. Since a partially prepayment on the Promissory Notes on November 11, 2021, the 
total outstanding amount of the Promissory Notes maturing on May 11, 2023 is EUR 5 million and the outstanding amount of 
the Promissory Notes in aggregate is EUR 298 million.  
Part of the proceeds from the issuance of the Promissory Notes were used to refinance a portfolio of projects focusing on 
products for zero-emission mobility such as electric motors and electric axles as well as products for generating climate-
friendly energy using wind power, and to invest in making the Issuer's worldwide production more sustainable with respect to 
minimizing waste and wastewater and reducing energy consumption.  
Each Promissory Note must be repaid on its respective maturity date. The Issuer may permanently cancel and voluntarily 
prepay the respective loan under a Promissory Note in accordance with mandatory law. Each Promissory Note requires 
mandatory prepayment of the respective loan made available thereunder in full if the relevant lender so requires (following a 
specified negotiation period) after the occurrence of a change of control. Further on, each Promissory Note provides for certain 
restrictive covenants customary for these type of financing (and substantially equivalent to the relevant provisions of the 
Facilities Agreement) subject to certain specified exceptions. The Promissory Notes are unsecured and not guaranteed by any 
of the Issuer's subsidiaries. 
Bilateral lines of credit 
In addition to the Facilities Agreement, the Existing Programme Notes and the Promissory Notes, Schaeffler Group had further 
committed lines of credit with certain banks or other financial institutions in the equivalent of EUR 138 million as of December 
31, 2021, of which an aggregate principal amount of EUR 11 million was unutilized as of December 31, 2021. 
Commercial Paper Programme 
On December 6, 2019, the Issuer established a EUR 1,000 million multi-currency commercial paper program (the 
"CP Programme"). Notes issued under the CP Programme have a maturity of less than one year and are unsecured. As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Schaeffler Group Commercial Paper Program is unutilized. 
Factoring Programme 
In 2021, Schaeffler Group established a non-recourse factoring program (the "Schaeffler Group Factoring Programme") 
with an initial term of 36 months, ending in 2024, and automatic renewal periods of one year terms thereafter. Under the 
programme, the factor has agreed to purchase receivables originated by Schaeffler Technologies AG & Co. KG, a subsidiary 
of the Issuer, in its ordinary course of business, up to a maximum amount of EUR 200 million. As of December 31, 2021, 
EUR 150 million had been utilized under the Schaeffler Group Factoring Programme. 
Other Material Agreements 
Joint Procurement Cooperation Agreement with Continental 
On March 27, 2009, Schaeffler KG (today IHO Holding GmbH & Co. KG) entered into a joint procurement cooperation 
agreement with Continental AG (the "Continental Cooperation Agreement"). The Continental Cooperation Agreement was 
amended twice in 2010 and 2015. With effect from February 1, 2010, IHO Holding GmbH & Co. KG has, as a result of a 
series of corporate reorganizations within Schaeffler Group, been replaced by Schaeffler Technologies AG & Co. KG as a 
party to the Continental Cooperation Agreement.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Pursuant to the Continental Cooperation Agreement, Schaeffler Technologies AG & Co. KG and Continental AG will act as 
independent entities but try to create synergies through a worldwide purchasing cooperation. The goal of the Continental 
Cooperation Agreement is to strengthen the market and negotiation position of both parties by cumulating their purchasing 
volumes, allowing them to jointly negotiate lower prices and to achieve advantageous conditions, including a better-quality 
performance of suppliers as well as better access to markets and component suppliers. The Group believes that this improves 
the competitiveness and pricing for products of Schaeffler Group and Continental AG. 
The parties shall determine products which will then be mutually sourced from suppliers and mutually determine such 
suppliers. However, the actual purchase of the products is conducted independently by each party and for the respective party's 
own account. 
The Continental Cooperation Agreement will be renewed automatically for consecutive twelve-month periods unless cancelled 
by prior written notice given at least 90 days prior to the end of the respective term. 
Joint Procurement Cooperation Agreement with Vitesco 
On February 16, 2022, Schaeffler AG entered into a joint procurement cooperation agreement with Vitesco Technologies 
GmbH (the "Vitesco Cooperation Agreement"). Pursuant to the Vitesco Cooperation Agreement, Schaeffler AG and Vitesco 
Technologies GmbH will act as independent entities but try to create synergies by carrying out future common procurement 
activities in specified procurement fields, for which the parties will explore common purchasing opportunities. The goal of the 
Vitesco Cooperation Agreement is to strengthen the market and negotiation position of each party by cumulating their 
purchasing volumes, to jointly negotiate lower purchasing prices and to achieve advantageous conditions for the parties 
including a better-quality performance of suppliers, which lead to a higher level of competitiveness, better products and lower 
prices of the Parties' respective end products, thus benefitting consumers. 
The parties shall determine products which will then be mutually sourced from suppliers and mutually determine such 
suppliers. However, the actual purchase of the products is conducted independently by each party and for the respective party's 
own account. 
The Vitesco Cooperation Agreement will (following an original twelve-month term) be renewed automatically for consecutive 
twelve-month periods unless cancelled by prior written notice given at least six months prior to the end of the respective term.  
Management and Supervisory Bodies of Schaeffler AG 
General 
The governing bodies are the board of managing directors (Vorstand), supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) and general 
shareholders' meeting (Hauptversammlung). The powers of these entities are determined by the German Stock Corporation 
Act (Aktiengesetz), the German Corporate Governance Codex (Deutscher Corporate Governance Kodex), the articles of 
association (Satzung) and the internal rules of procedure (Geschäftsordnung) of the supervisory board and of the management 
board. 
The board of managing directors of Schaeffler AG (the "Board of Managing Directors") is responsible for managing the 
company in accordance with applicable law, the articles of association, the internal rules of procedure for the Board of 
Managing Directors, including the business distribution plan (Geschäftsverteilungsplan). The Board of Managing Directors 
represents the company in dealings with third parties.  
The Board of Managing Directors and the regional chief executive officers ("CEOs") together represent the Schaeffler Group's 
executive board (the "Executive Board"). In order to ensure that the regions are appropriately represented within the multi-
dimensional matrix organisation of the Schaeffler Group, regional CEOs have been designated to represent each of the four 
regions. The regional CEOs regularly attend meetings of the Board of Managing Directors. However, the regional CEOs are 
not members of the Board of Managing Directors and therefore not members of a statutory board of Schaeffler Group. 
The supervisory board of Schaeffler AG (the "Supervisory Board") appoints the members of the Board of Managing Directors 
and is entitled to dismiss them for good cause. The Supervisory Board advises and oversees the Board of Managing Directors 
on the management of the company, but is not itself authorized to manage the company, as set out in the German Stock 
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). However according to Section 9 paragraph 2 of the articles of association certain types of 
business undertaken by the Board of Managing Directors require the prior approval of the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory 
Board is authorized to determine which types of business are subject to such restriction.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
Applicable Corporate Governance Rules 
The German Corporate Governance Code (Deutscher Corporate Governance Kodex) (the "Code"), in the version dated 16 
December 2019 entered into force on 20 March 2020, includes principles, recommendations and suggestions for managing 
and monitoring of German companies listed on stock exchanges (amongst others) with regard to shareholders and shareholders' 
meetings, management and supervisory boards, transparency, accounting and the auditing of financial statements. The Code 
includes principles, recommendations and suggestions that are accepted nationally and internationally as standards of good 
and responsible governance. While the recommendations or suggestions of the Code are not mandatory, the German Stock 
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) requires the management and supervisory boards of a listed company to disclose each year 
which recommendations were not or will not be followed and to explain the reasons for the non-compliance. This disclosure 
must be made permanently publicly accessible. However, deviations from the suggestions contained in the Code need not be 
disclosed. 
In its latest declaration of conformity, dated December 2021 and referring to the current German Corporate Governance Kodex 
2019 ("GCGK 2019"), Schaeffler AG confirmed that the company complies with all recommendations of the GCGK 2019 
with the following exception: 
• 
The GCGK 2019 recommended in section C.2 (GCGK 2019), that an age limit shall be specified for members of the 
Supervisory Board and disclosed in the Corporate Governance Statement. The Supervisory Board of Schaeffler AG 
will not set such age limit because it is of the opinion that this criterion is not informative with respect to the 
suitability of a person to perform as member of the Supervisory Board. 
• 
The GCGK 2019 recommended in section C.4 (GCGK 2019), that a Supervisory Board member who is not a member 
of any Management Board of a listed company shall not accept more than five Supervisory Board mandates at non-
group listed companies or comparable functions, with an appointment as Chair of Supervisory Board being counted 
twice. Prof. TU Graz e.h. KR Ing. Wolf was elected Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Vitesco Technologies 
Group Aktiengesellschaft on October 4, 2021. As a result, Prof. TU Graz e.h. KR Ing. Wolf exceeds the maximum 
number of Supervisory board mandates recommended by recommendation C.4 of the Code. 
Prof. TU Graz e.h. KR Ing. Wolf had announced that he will resign from one of his supervisory board mandates in 2022 and 
due to the only temporary exceeding of the recommended maximum number of mandates, the Supervisory Board of the Issuer 
does not consider its appropriate composition affected. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Prof. TU Graz e.h. KR Ing. 
Wolf has resigned from one of his supervisory board mandates accordingly. 
Board of Managing Directors 
The Supervisory Board determines the number of members of the Board of Managing Directors which must consist of at least 
two persons according to the articles of association. The Supervisory Board may appoint one member of the Board of Managing 
Directors as chair and another member as deputy chair. Currently, the Board of Managing Directors of Schaeffler AG consists 
of eight members with Klaus Rosenfeld appointed as chair. 
The following table lists the members of the Board of Managing Directors, their respective responsibilities and their 
memberships on Supervisory Boards or in comparable domestic and foreign Controlling Bodies, respectively.  
Name 
Area of Responsibility 
Memberships on Supervisory Boards or in comparable 
domestic and foreign Controlling Bodies 
Klaus Rosenfeld 
Chief Executive Officer 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board and a Member of 
the Audit Committee of Continental AG, Hannover  
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Vitesco 
Technologies Group AG, Regensburg 
• 
Chairman of the advisory board of Schaeffler 
Consulting GmbH, Herzogenaurach; member of the 
board of directors of Schaeffler Holding (China) Co. 
Ltd., Shanghai, China;  
• 
Member of the Executive Committee of the 
Federation of German Industries (BDI) in Berlin 
Claus Bauer 
Chief Financial Officer 
• 
Board of Directors of the American Bearing 
Manufacturers Association (ABMA), serving as its 
treasurer

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Name 
Area of Responsibility 
Memberships on Supervisory Boards or in comparable 
domestic and foreign Controlling Bodies 
Andreas Schick 
Chief Operating Officer 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of SupplyOn AG, 
Hallbergmoos 
• 
Member of the Advisory Board of 
Bundesvereinigung Logistik (BVL) e.V. 
• 
Deputy Chairman of VDA Produktionsausschuss 
Corinna Schittenhelm 
Chief Human Resources Officer 
• 
Member of the advisory board of Schaeffler 
Consulting GmbH, Herzogenaurach 
• 
Member of TÜV SÜD Gesellschafterausschuss GbR, 
Munich 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of Schaeffler 
India Ltd. 
Jens Schüler 
CEO Automotive Aftermarket 
• 
Chairman of the AAMPACT (formerly VREi e.V.) 
steering committee 
Dr. Stefan Spindler 
CEO Industrial 
- 
Uwe Wagner 
Chief Technology Officer 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of IAV GmbH 
Ingenieursgesellschaft Auto und Verkehr, Berlin 
• 
Member of the advisory board of Schaeffler Paravan 
Technologie GmbH & Co. KG, Herzogenaurach 
• 
Member of the advisory board of Xtronic GmbH, 
Boeblingen 
• 
Member of the advisory board of Compact 
Dynamics GmbH, Starnberg 
Matthias Zink 
CEO Automotive Technologies 
• 
Member of the advisory board of Compact 
Dynamics GmbH, Starnberg 
• 
Member of the advisory board of Schaeffler Paravan 
Technologie GmbH & Co. KG, Herzogenaurach 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Schaeffler 
Savaria Kft., Szombathely, Hungary 
• 
Chairman of the board of directors of Schaeffler 
(China) Co. Ltd., Shanghai, China 
The members of the Board of Managing Directors may be contacted at the business address of Schaeffler AG. 
The following table sets forth certain information on the regional CEOs: 
Name 
Area of Responsibility 
Sascha Zaps 
Regional CEO Europe 
Marc McGrath 
Regional CEO Americas 
Dr. Yilin Zhang 
Regional CEO Greater China 
Dharmesh Arora 
Regional CEO Asia/Pacific 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board consists of 20 members (10 shareholder representatives and 10 employee representatives). The 
shareholder representatives are elected by the shareholders at the general shareholders' meeting. 
The current members of the Supervisory Board of Schaeffler AG, their principal occupations and their principal board 
memberships outside the Schaeffler Group, respectively, are as follows:

--- Page 126 ---
126 
Name/Function 
Position / Principal Occupation 
Memberships on other Supervisory Boards or in 
comparable domestic and foreign Controlling Bodies 
Georg F. W. Schaeffler 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
of Schaeffler AG 
Partner of INA-Holding Schaeffler 
GmbH & Co. KG 
Managing Director of IHO 
Verwaltungs GmbH 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Continental 
AG, Hannover and also a member of its Presiding 
Committee and Audit Committee 
• 
Member of the advisory board of Atesteo 
Management GmbH, Herzogenaurach 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Vitesco 
Technologies Group AG, Regensburg  
Maria-Elisabeth Schaeffler-
Thumann 
Deputy Chairperson of the 
Supervisory Board of Schaeffler 
AG 
Partner of INA-Holding Schaeffler 
GmbH & Co. KG 
Managing Director of IHO 
Verwaltungs GmbH 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Continental 
AG, Hannover 
Jürgen Wechsler* 
Deputy Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board of Schaeffler 
AG 
Representative of IG Metall at 
Schaeffler AG 
- 
Sabine Bendiek 
Chief People Officer and Member 
of the Executive Board of SAP SE 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Bitkom e. 
V. Berlin 
Prof. Dr. Hans-Jörg 
Bullinger 
Professor of Technology 
Management  
 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of ARRI AG, 
Munich 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Bauernfeind 
AG, Zeulenrode-Triebes 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of CO.DON 
AG, Berlin 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
Handtmann GmbH & Co. KG, Biberach 
Dr. Holger Engelmann 
Chairman of the Executive Board of 
Webasto SE 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Webasto 
Thermo & Comfort SE, Gilching 
Prof. Dr. Bernd Gottschalk 
Managing Partner of AutoValue 
GmbH 
 
• 
Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Board of JOST 
Werke AG, Neu-Isenburg 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Plastic 
Omnium SA, Paris/France 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Benteler 
International AG, Salzburg 
Andrea Grimm* 
Deputy Chairperson of the Works 
Council at Herzogenaurach plant 
Member of the General Works 
Council of Schaeffler Technologies 
AG & Co. KG 
 
- 
Ulrike Hasbargen 
Tax consultant/auditor 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Ernst & 
Young GmbH

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Name/Function 
Position / Principal Occupation 
Memberships on other Supervisory Boards or in 
comparable domestic and foreign Controlling Bodies 
Thomas Höhn* 
1st authorized representative for IG 
Metall, Schweinfurt 
Company representative of IG 
Metall for Schaeffler AG  
- 
Susanne Lau* 
Chairwoman of the Group Works 
Council of Schaeffler AG  
Chairwoman of the Works Council 
at the Hamburg plant 
Chairwoman of the General Works 
Council 
Schaeffler AAM GmbH & Co. KG, 
Automotive Aftermarket Division  
- 
Barbara Resch* 
Secretary of IG Metall regional 
directorate of Baden-Wuerttemberg  
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Rheinmetall 
AG 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of 
ElringKlinger AG 
Jutta Rost* 
Senior Vice President HR 
Functions, Schaeffler AG 
- 
Jürgen Schenk* 
Chairman of the Works Council for 
Schweinfurt 
Deputy Chairman of the General 
Works Council of Schaeffler 
Technologies AG & Co. KG 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of ACE Auto 
Club Europa e.V. 
Helga Schönhoff* 
Deputy Chairwoman of the Works 
Council of Schaeffler Automotive 
Bühl GmbH & Co. KG 
Member of the Schaeffler Group 
Works Council 
- 
Robin Stalker 
Certified Public Accountant 
• 
Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
Schmitz Cargobull AG, Horstmar 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board and member of 
the Audit and Risk Comittees of Commerzbank 
AG, Frankfurt am Main 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Hugo Boss 
AG 
Salvatore Vicari* 
Chairman of the General Works 
Council of Schaeffler Technologies 
AG & Co. KG 
Deputy Chairman of the Group 
Works Council of Schaeffler AG 
Deputy Chairperson of Schaeffler's 
European Works Council 
Chairman of the Works Council at 
Homburg/Saar plant 
-

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Name/Function 
Position / Principal Occupation 
Memberships on other Supervisory Boards or in 
comparable domestic and foreign Controlling Bodies 
Prof. TU Graz e.h. KR Ing. 
Siegfried Wolf 
Entrepreneur/Investor 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Banque Eric 
Sturdza SA, Genf, Schweiz 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Miba AG, 
Mitterbauer Beteiligungs AG, Laakirchen, Austria 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Porsche 
Automobil Holding SE, Stuttgart 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board CMBlu Energy 
AG 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Vitesco 
Technologies Group AG, Regensburg 
• 
Chairman of the Steyr Automotive GmbH 
Prof. Dr.-Ing. Tong Zhang 
 
 
Director of the Academic 
Commission, Department of 
Automotive Engineering Center at 
Tongji University, Shanghai 
- 
Markus Zirkel* 
 
Chairman of the Works Council at 
the Hirschaid location 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of VR Bank 
Bamberg-Forchheim eG 
* Employee representative 
The current term of appointment of the members of the Supervisory Board representing the shareholders will end on the date 
of the annual general meeting of the Issuer in 2024. 
The members of the Supervisory Board may be contacted at the business address of Schaeffler AG. 
Committees of the Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board has formed the following committees from among its members:  
Executive 
Committee 
Audit Committee 
Mediation 
Committee 
Nomination Committee 
Technology 
Committee 
Georg F. W. 
Schaeffler 
(Chairman) 
Robin Stalker (Chairman) Georg F. W. 
Schaeffler (Chairman) 
Georg F. W. Schaeffler 
(Chairman) 
Prof. Dr. Hans-Jörg 
Bullinger 
(Chairman) 
Salvatore Vicari 
Dr. Holger Engelmann 
Maria-Elisabeth 
Schaeffler-Thumann 
Dr. Holger Engelmann 
Georg F.W. 
Schaeffler 
Barbara Resch 
Andrea Grimm 
Salvatore Vicari 
Prof. Dr. Bernd Gottschalk 
Jürgen Schenk 
Maria-Elisabeth 
Schaeffler-Thumann 
Thomas Höhn 
Jürgen Wechsler 
Maria-Elisabeth Schaeffler-
Thumann 
Salvatore Vicari 
Jürgen Wechsler 
Georg F. W. Schaeffler 
Jürgen Wechsler 
Prof. TU Graz e.h. 
KR Ing. Siegfried 
Wolf 
Jürgen Wechsler 
Prof. TU Graz e.h. 
KR Ing. Siegfried 
Wolf 
Prof. Dr.-Ing. Tong 
Zhang 
Markus Zirkel

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Executive Committee (Präsidialausschuss) 
The executive committee is responsible for preparing the Supervisory Board meetings and decisions of the Supervisory Board 
regarding matters relating to the Board of Managing Directors. The general committee gives recommendations for the 
appointment and dismissal of members of the Board of Managing Directors. Furthermore, its approval is required for the 
conclusion, amendment or termination of the employment contracts of members of the Board of Managing Directors. Thus, 
the executive committee also acts as the Issuer's remuneration committee. 
Audit Committee (Prüfungsausschuss) 
The audit committee's tasks relate to accounting, the audit of the financial statements, and compliance. In particular, the 
committee performs a preliminary examination of the Group's annual financial statements as well as the risk management 
system and makes its recommendation to the plenary session of the Supervisory Board, which then passes resolutions pursuant 
to Section 171(1) of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). Furthermore, the committee discusses draft condensed 
financial reports and is responsible for assuring the necessary independence of auditors, for engaging the auditors, for 
determining the focus of the audit as required, for approving engagements for non-audit services and for negotiating the fee. 
Mediation Committee (Vermittlungsausschuss) 
The mediation committee's task pursuant to the German Co-Determination Act (Mitbestimmungsgesetz) is to nominate 
candidates for the Board of Managing Directors in case the required majority is not reached in the first round of voting. The 
mediation committee consists of the chairman of the Supervisory Board and his deputy, as well as one member elected by the 
shareholders' representatives and one member elected by the employees' representatives. 
Nomination Committee (Nominierungsausschuss) 
The Supervisory Board has established a nomination committee within the meaning of Section D.5. of the Code. The 
nomination committee consists of the chairman of the Supervisory Board along with three other members of the Supervisory 
Board. These members are also shareholder representatives as stipulated by D.5. of the Code. The nomination committee is 
responsible for proposing suitable candidates to the Issuer's shareholders' meeting for election to the Supervisory Board. 
Technology Committee (Technologieausschuss) 
The Supervisory Board has established a technology committee, which is made up of equal numbers of employee and 
shareholder representatives. The technology committee is responsible for the regular exchange of information between the 
Supervisory Board and the Board of Managing Directors on technological developments and for joint deliberations on 
technology projects. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Schaeffler AG has not been notified or otherwise been informed by any of the members of the Board of Managing Directors 
or any member of the Supervisory Board about any potential conflicts of interest between any duties to Schaeffler AG of the 
members of the Board of Managing Directors and of the Supervisory Board and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Recent Events since December 31, 2021 
In 2022, Schaeffler Group acquired all of the shares in Melior Motion GmbH, a manufacture of innovative precision gearboxes 
for industrial robots and other applications. The acquisition expands the robotics portfolio of the Schaeffler Group's Industrial 
division. The parties have agreed not to disclose the financial details of the transaction. 
On March 1, 2022, the Issuer redeemed the remaining outstanding amount of EUR 544,668,000 plus accrued interest of its 
EUR 750,000,000 1.125 per cent notes due 2022 originally issued under this Programme. 
On March 8, 2022, Schaeffler Group announced the suspension of its full-year guidance for the financial year 2022. As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer believes that it is currently impossible to provide reasonably guidance for the financial 
year 2022 due to the major geopolitical and economic uncertainty caused by the war in Ukraine.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
Trend Information  
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Schaeffler AG since December 31, 2021. 
Significant Changes  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since December 31, 2021. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group since December 31, 2021. 
Consolidated Financial Information 
The following historical financial information for the Schaeffler Group is based on the audited consolidated financial 
statements of Schaeffler AG as of and for the financial years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, which are incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus, and should be read together with them. The consolidated financial statements were prepared 
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted in the European Union. The consolidated 
financial statements of the Schaeffler Group were audited by KPMG and were both issued with an unqualified auditor's 
opinion.  
Consolidated Income Statements 
Fiscal year ended 
December 31, 
2021 
2020 
(amounts in EUR million; earnings per share in 
EUR) 
(audited) 
Revenue 
13,852 
12,589 
Cost of sales 
(10,412) 
(9,730) 
Gross profit 
3,439 
2,859 
Research and development expenses 
(748) 
(684) 
Selling expenses 
(977) 
(881) 
Administration expenses 
(540) 
(491) 
Other income 
222 
103 
Other expenses 
(131) 
(1,055) 
Earnings before financial result and income 
taxes (EBIT) 
1,264 
(149) 
Financial income 
50 
19 
Financial expenses 
(148) 
(204) 
Financial result 
(98) 
(185) 
Income (loss) from equity-accounted investees 
(44) 
(34) 
Earnings before income taxes 
1,122 
(368) 
Income taxes 
(348) 
(51) 
Net income (loss) 
775 
(419) 
Attributable to shareholders of the parent company
756 
(428) 
Attributable to non-controlling interests 
19 
9 
Earnings per common share (basic / diluted) 
1.13 
(0.65) 
Earnings per common non-voting share (basic 
/diluted) 
1.14 
(0.64)

--- Page 131 ---
131 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
As of 
December 31, 2021 
December 31, 2020 
(amounts in EUR million) 
(audited) 
ASSETS 
 
 
Intangible assets 
497 
470 
Right-of-use assets under leases 
208 
183 
Property, plant and equipment 
4,748 
4,865 
Investments in joint ventures and associated 
companies 
70 
110 
Contract assets 
367 
372 
Other financial assets 
209 
77 
Other assets 
244 
121 
Income tax receivables 
9 
1 
Deferred tax assets 
842 
911 
Total non-current assets 
7,194 
7,109 
Inventories 
2,495 
1,881 
Contract assets 
52 
57 
Trade receivables 
2,274 
2,160 
Other financial assets 
80 
182 
Other assets  
324 
290 
Income tax receivables 
46 
61 
Cash and cash equivalents 
1,822 
1,758 
Assets held for sale 
77 
8 
Total current assets 
7,170 
6,399 
Total assets 
14,364 
13,509 
 
 
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
Share capital 
666 
666 
Capital reserves 
2,348 
2,348 
Other reserves 
988 
393 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
(949) 
(1,479) 
Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent 
company 
3,053 
1,928 
Non-controlling interests 
112 
93 
Total shareholders' equity 
3,165 
2,022 
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 
2,454 
2,800 
Provisions 
304 
510 
Financial debt 
3,231 
4,028 
Contract liabilities 
118 
105 
Income tax payables 
36 
10 
Other financial liabilities  
35 
18 
Lease liabilities 
159 
135 
Other liabilities 
11 
18 
Deferred tax liabilities 
169 
177 
Total non-current liabilities 
6,516 
7,801 
Provisions 
492 
616 
Financial debt 
545 
43 
Contract liabilities 
94 
80 
Trade payables 
2,068 
1,704 
Income tax payables 
118 
124 
Other financial liabilities 
724 
593

--- Page 132 ---
132 
As of 
December 31, 2021 
December 31, 2020 
(amounts in EUR million) 
(audited) 
Lease liabilities 
52 
50 
Refund liabilities 
274 
224 
Other liabilities 
286 
252 
Liabilities associated with assets held for sale 
30 
0 
Total current liabilities 
4,683 
3,686 
Total shareholders' equity and liabilities 
14,364 
13,509 
 
 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
Fiscal year ended 
December 31, 
2021 
2020 
(amounts in EUR million) 
(audited) 
Operating activities 
 
 
EBIT 
1,264 
(149) 
Interest paid 
(120) 
(121) 
Interest received 
14 
12 
Income taxes paid 
(348) 
(316) 
Depreciation, amortization and impairment losses 
966 
1,260 
(Gains) losses on disposal of assets 
2 
6 
Changes in 
 
 
Inventories 
(552) 
142 
Trade receivables 
(46) 
(165) 
Trade payables  
311 
13 
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 
50 
1 
Other assets, liabilities and provisions 
(263) 
571 
Cash flows from operating activities 
1,276 
1,254 
Investing activities 
 
 
Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and 
equipment 
16 
17 
Capital expenditures on intangible assets 
(37) 
(24) 
Capital expenditures on property, plant and 
equipment 
(634) 
(609) 
Acquisition of subsidiaries and interests in joint 
ventures 
(19) 
15 
Disposal of subsidiaries and interests in joint 
ventures 
(4) 
(3) 
Other investing activities 
(39) 
(40) 
Cash used in investing activities 
(716) 
(642) 
Financing activities 
 
 
Dividends paid to shareholders and non-
controlling interests 
(165) 
(298) 
Receipts from bond issuances and loans 
0 
2,100 
Redemptions of bonds and repayments of loans 
(302) 
(1,216) 
Principal repayments on lease liabilities 
(59) 
(60) 
Cash used in financing activities 
(527) 
526 
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash 
equivalents 
33 
1,138

--- Page 133 ---
133 
Fiscal year ended 
December 31, 
2021 
2020 
(amounts in EUR million) 
(audited) 
Effects of foreign exchange rate changes on cash 
and cash equivalents 
34 
(50) 
Cash in cash and cash equivalents due to changes 
in the scope of consolidation 
(3) 
1 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of 
period 
1,758 
668 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period 
1,822 
1,758 
 
 
Performance Indicators 
The information on the Schaeffler Group's earnings, net assets, and financial position is based on the requirements of 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted in the European Union and, where applicable, German 
commercial law and German Accounting Standards (GAS).  
In addition to the disclosures required by these standards, the Schaeffler Group also discloses certain performance indicators 
that are not defined in the relevant financial reporting standards (the "Performance Indicators"). These Performance 
Indicators include revenue growth excluding the impact of foreign currency, EBIT, EBITDA, EBIT before special items, EBIT 
Margin, EBITDA before special items, net financial debt, the net financial debt to EBITDA ratio, net financial debt to EBITDA 
before special items ratio, as well as free cash flow, free cash flow before M&A activities and the FCF conversion. 
Schaeffler Group presents these measures in accordance with the Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures issued by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority, ESMA. Therefore, these indicators should be considered supplementary 
information. They are designed to provide comparability over time and across sectors and are calculated by making certain 
adjustments to, or calculating ratios between, line items contained in the income statement, statement of financial position, or 
statement of cash flows prepared in accordance with applicable financial reporting standards. The Performance Indicators must 
be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with 
IFRS and, where applicable, German commercial law and German Accounting Standards (GAS) included elsewhere in the 
Base Prospectus. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these Performance Indicators and are also advised to 
review them in conjunction with the financial statements of the Issuer and related notes. 
In addition to presenting special items, the company also aims to make the evaluation of the company's results of operations 
as transparent as possible by presenting its revenue figures excluding the impact of currency translation. Revenue figures at 
constant currency, i.e. excluding the impact of currency translation, are calculated by translating functional currency revenue 
using the same exchange rate for both the current and the prior year or comparison reporting period.  
Adjustments for special items 
In order to make the evaluation of the Issuer's results of operations as transparent as possible, the Schaeffler Group reports the 
indicators described above before special items (adjusted). Special items are items which the Board of Managing Directors 
considers rendering the financial indicators less meaningful for evaluating the sustainability of the Schaeffler Group's 
profitability due to their nature, frequency and/or size.  
Special items are categorized as legal cases, restructuring, and other. 
EBIT, EBIT margin and EBIT before special items 
"EBIT" is defined as earnings before financial result, income (loss) from equity-accounted investees and income taxes. The 
"EBIT margin" represents EBIT as a percentage of revenue. "EBIT before special items" is defined as "EBIT" adjusted for 
special items, such as legal cases and restructuring expenses.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Fiscal year ended 
December 31, 
2021 
2020 
(amounts in EUR million, EBIT margin in 
percent) 
(audited, unless otherwise specified) 
EBIT 
1,264 
(149) 
/ Revenues 
13,852 
12,589 
EBIT margin 
9.1 
(1.2) 
 
 
 
EBIT 
1,264 
(149) 
Special items 
1 
946 
Legal cases  
(32) 
21 
Restructuring 
(10) 
676 
Other 
43 
249 
EBIT before special items 
1,266 
798 
 
 
EBITDA, EBITDA before special items, Net Financial Debt, Net Financial Debt to EBITDA ratio and Net financial debt 
to EBITDA before special items ratio 
In addition to EBIT, the company calculates "EBITDA", which represents EBIT before amortization of intangible assets, 
depreciation of property, plant and equipment, and impairment losses. "EBITDA before special items" is defined as 
"EBITDA" adjusted for special items such as legal cases and restructuring expenses. EBITDA is primarily used to calculate 
the "Net Financial Debt to EBITDA ratio". This ratio is used to evaluate the financing structure and is the ratio of Net 
Financial Debt to EBITDA, where "Net Financial Debt" is defined as the sum of current and non-current financial debt net 
of cash and cash equivalents. EBITDA before special items is used to calculate the "Net financial debt to EBITDA before 
special items ratio". 
 
Fiscal year ended 
December 31, 
2021 
2020 
(amounts in EUR million, EBITDA ratios in 
percent) 
(unaudited, unless otherwise specified) 
EBIT* 
1,264 
(149) 
Depreciation, 
amortization 
and 
impairment 
losses* 
966 
1,260 
EBITDA 
2,230 
1,111 
Special items 
(6) 
677 
Legal cases  
(32) 
21 
Restructuring 
(17) 
656 
Other 
43 
0 
EBITDA before special items 
2,224 
1,788 
 
 
Bonds 
3,480 
3,476 
Schuldschein Loans 
297 
554 
Revolving Credit Facility 
(1) 
(3) 
Commercial Paper 
0 
30 
Other Financial Debt 
0 
13 
Total Financial Debt 
3,776 
4,071 
Cash and Cash Equivalents* 
1,822 
1,758 
Net Financial Debt 
1,954 
2,312 
/ EBITDA 
2,230 
1,111 
Net Financial Debt to EBITDA ratio 
0.9 
2.1

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Fiscal year ended 
December 31, 
2021 
2020 
(amounts in EUR million, EBITDA ratios in 
percent) 
(unaudited, unless otherwise specified) 
Net Financial Debt 
1,954 
2,312 
/ EBITDA before special items 
2,224 
1,788 
Net Financial Debt to EBITDA before special 
items ratio 
0.9 
1.3 
* Audited for financial years 2021 and 2020 
 
 
Free Cash Flow before M&A activities and FCF conversion 
Free cash flow ("FCF") refers to the free funds available to the company, is calculated as the sum of cash flows from operating 
activities and cash flows from investing activities as well as principal repayments on lease liabilities. 
As performance indicator for cash flow, the Schaeffler Group calculates free cash flow before cash in- and outflows for M&A 
activities ("Free Cash Flow before M&A activities").  
To facilitate evaluation of the cash conversion cycle, the company further determines the "FCF conversion". FCF conversion 
represents the ratio of Free Cash Flow before M&A activities to EBIT. 
Fiscal year ended 
December 31, 
2021 
2020 
(amounts in EUR million, FCF conversion in 
percent) 
(unaudited, unless otherwise specified) 
Cash flows from operating activities* 
1,276 
1,254 
Cash used in investing activities* 
(716) 
(642) 
Principal repayments on lease liabilities 
(59) 
(60) 
Free Cash Flow (FCF) 
500 
552 
Acquisitions of subsidiaries 
(19) 
15 
Proceeds from disposals of subsidiaries 
(4) 
(3) 
Free Cash Flow before cash in- and outflows for 
M&A activities 
523 
539 
 
 
Free Cash Flow before cash in- and outflows for 
M&A activities 
523 
539 
/ EBIT 
1,264 
-149 
FCF conversion** 
0.4 
- 
* Audited for financial years 2021 and 2020. 
** Only reported if free cash flow before cash in- and outflows for M&A activities and EBIT positive.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by the Issuer will generally be used for general corporate and financing purposes 
of the Schaeffler Group. These general corporate and financing purposes may include, among other things, the refinancing of 
existing indebtedness, acquisitions, the underpinning of pension obligations and general working capital or capital expenditure 
requirements.  
If in respect of any particular issue there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the proceeds of any Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme may be used to 
finance and/or refinance specified Eligible Green Projects in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria set out in 
Green Finance Framework. Additional information on the Green Finance Framework is available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.schaeffler.com). The Green Finance Framework is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
TAXATION WARNING 
The tax legislation of the state of residence of a prospective purchaser of Notes and the Issuer's country of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, 
ownership and disposition of the Notes.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Underwriting 
The Notes may be issued on a continuous basis to one or more of the Dealers and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. Notes may 
be distributed by way of public offers to qualified investors pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation and/or non-qualified 
investors, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche of Notes will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer and the Dealers have entered into a dealer agreement dated March 30, 2022 (the "Dealer Agreement") which sets 
out, inter alia, the arrangements under which Notes, issued under the Programme, may from time to time be agreed to be 
purchased by any one or more Dealers from the Issuer. Any such agreement will, inter alia, contain provisions dealing with 
the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealer(s) and 
the commissions or any other agreed deductibles payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase.  
Further, the Dealer Agreement provides for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche 
of Notes. A subscription agreement prepared in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes will typically be dated on or about 
the date of the relevant Final Terms applicable to such Tranche of Notes. 
Method for determining the issue price and the process for its disclosure 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, 
sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer 
shall have any responsibility therefore. 
United States of America (the "United States") 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not 
offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 
days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the Issuer, by the Fiscal Agent, or in 
the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any 
dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic 
Area " as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic 
Area" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a "Relevant State"), each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State ("Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that 
Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in 
that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing 
to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any Relevant State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to 
be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 140 ---
140 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to 
section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes 
which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved 
by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed 
by the Final Terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that 
Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 
of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 
21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that 
this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore and the 
Notes will be offered pursuant to exemptions under the Securities and Futures Act, 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA"). 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required

--- Page 141 ---
141 
to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Notes be offered or sold, 
or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore 
other than (1) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the SFA; (2) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (3) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is (a) a corporation 
(which is not an accredited investor) (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) the sole business of which is to hold investments 
and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or (b) a 
trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary is an 
accredited investor, securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within 6 months 
after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 
275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based 
Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, that with regard to Switzerland this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or 
solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes described therein. The Notes may not be publicly offered directly or indirectly, 
in, into or from Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and will not be admitted to 
trading on any exchange or other trading venue in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise 
made publicly available in Switzerland.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Supplements to this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer has undertaken, unless it is not intended to issue Notes under the Programme for the time being, that if at any time 
during the duration of the Programme, if there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any investment in the Notes 
and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the 
Schaeffler Group and the rights attaching to the Notes, to prepare or procure the preparation of a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or, as the case may be, publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering 
of Notes.  
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
If the Terms and Conditions (as set out in the Base Prospectus) are modified or amended in a manner which would make the 
Base Prospectus, supplemented, inaccurate or misleading, a new prospectus will be prepared to the extent required by law. 
Interests of the Dealers 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of the Schaeffler Group and its 
affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, advisory, 
corporate finance services, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for 
the Schaeffler Group and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business, and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly 
in the sector in which the Issuers and/or their affiliates operate, and for which such Dealers have received or may receive 
customary fees, commissions, reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. Certain of the Dealers may also have positions, 
deals or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but 
not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order 
to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. They have received, or may in the future receive, 
customary fees and commissions for these transactions. Furthermore, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the 
Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's 
affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of the Notes (subject to customary closing conditions), 
which could affect future trading of the Notes. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions, which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under 
the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Interests of persons involved in a specific issue of Notes under the Programme will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Authorization 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the management board (Vorstand) of Schaeffler AG 
dated August 27, 2018 and a resolution of the supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) of Schaeffler AG passed on August 28, 2018. 
The increase of the Programme amount to EUR 7,500,000,000 was authorised by a resolution of the management board 
(Vorstand) of Schaeffler AG dated December 6, 2021 and a resolution of the supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) of Schaeffler 
AG passed on December 17, 2021. 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the management board (Vorstand) of Schaeffler AG passed 
on December 6, 2021. 
The dates of the respective resolutions by the governing bodies of Schaeffler AG regarding the issuance of a series of Notes 
are set out in each Final Terms.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855, Luxembourg 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Germany ("Clearstream, Frankfurt"). The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and 
(where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes potentially eligible as collateral for the Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations may be (i) deposited 
with either Clearstream, Frankfurt or (ii) issued in a form compliant with the new global note structure for international bearer 
debt securities and will be kept in safe custody with a common safekeeper ("CSK") to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the International Central Securities Depositories (the "ICSDs"). 
If Notes will be issued in the new global note structure this will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 549300Q7E782X7GC1P43. 
Consent to the use of the Base Prospectus 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes issued under the 
Programme is entitled to use the Base Prospectus in Luxembourg, Germany and/or The Netherlands for the subsequent resale 
or final placement of the relevant Notes during the respective offer period (all as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
during which subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes can be made, provided however, that the Base 
Prospectus is still valid in accordance with Article 12(1) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Base Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published before such delivery. 
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). When using the Base Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must 
make certain that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary the Dealer and/or the further 
financial intermediary, shall provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the Notes at the time of 
that offer. 
Any Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary using the Base Prospectus shall state on its website that it uses the 
Base Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this consent. 
Documents Available 
For a period of ten years from the date of this Base Prospectus or as long as any Notes issued under this Programme are 
outstanding, electronic versions of the following documents are available on the website of the Schaeffler Group: 
(i) 
the 
articles 
of 
incorporation 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(accessed 
by 
using 
the 
hyperlink: 
"https://www.schaeffler.com/remotemedien/media/_shared_media_rwd/08_investor_relations/declarations/
articles_of_association_schaeffler_ag_en.pdf");  
(ii) 
the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (accessed by using the hyperlinks set out 
in the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below); 
This Base Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
In addition, electronic versions of the contracts relating to a joint representative of the Noteholders of a Series of Notes pursuant 
to § 14 of the Terms and Conditions, where applicable, will be made available on the Issuer's website. 
Third Party Information 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms that any 
such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading and (ii) neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has independently verified any such information and neither 
the Issuer nor any Dealer accepts any responsibility for the accuracy thereof.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The pages specified below of the following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously 
with this Base Prospectus and which have been filed with the CSSF, are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus:  
(1) 
Annual Report 2021 of the Schaeffler Group (the "Annual Report 2021"), containing the English language translation 
of the respective German language audited consolidated financial statements of Schaeffler AG as of and for the year 
ended December 31, 2021 and the German language independent auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk des 
unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) in respect thereof; and 
(2) 
Annual Report 2020 of the Schaeffler Group (the "Annual Report 2020"), containing the English language translation 
of the respective German language audited consolidated financial statements of Schaeffler AG as of and for the year 
ended December 31, 2020 and the German language independent auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk des 
unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) in respect thereof. 
The non-incorporated parts of such documents, i.e. the pages not listed in the tables below, are either not relevant for the 
investor or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
(1) 
Extracted from: Schaeffler Group – Annual Report 2021 
Consolidated Income Statement ............................................................................................ 
page 86 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income .............................................................. 
page 87 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position ....................................................................... 
page 88 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ................................................................................. 
page 89 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ...................................................................... 
page 90 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement ..................................................................... 
pages 92 - 161 
Independent Auditor's Report92 ............................................................................................. 
pages 162 - 167 
(2) 
Extracted from: Schaeffler Group – Annual Report 2020 
Consolidated Income Statement ............................................................................................ 
page 115 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income .............................................................. 
page 116 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position ....................................................................... 
page 117 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow .................................................................................. 
page 118 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ...................................................................... 
page 119 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement ..................................................................... 
pages 122 - 187 
Independent Auditor's Report89 ............................................................................................. 
pages 188 - 194 
All of these pages shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference into, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from the registered 
office of the Issuer and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Electronic versions of the documents incorporated by reference are also available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.schaeffler.com) and can be accessed by using the following hyperlinks: 
1. 
Schaeffler Group – Annual Report 2021: 
https://www.schaeffler.com/remotemedien/media/_shared_media_rwd/08_investor_relations/reports/2021_ar/2021_
schaeffler_annual_report_en_y3w5pl.pdf 
 
92 
The independent auditor's reports (Bestätigungsvermerke) for the audited consolidated financial statements, prepared in accordance with 
Section 322 of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch), refer to the respective consolidated financial statements together 
with the group management report. The group management reports are not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
2. 
Schaeffler Group – Annual Report 2020: 
https://www.schaeffler.com/remotemedien/media/_shared_media_rwd/08_investor_relations/reports/2020_ar/2020_
schaeffler_annual_report_en_38snlx.pdf

--- Page 146 ---
146 
ISSUER 
Schaeffler AG 
Industriestraße 1-3 
91074 Herzogenaurach 
Federal Republic of Germany 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
DEALERS 
Banco Santander, S.A.  
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660 Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain  
Bayerische Landesbank 
Brienner Straße 18 
80333 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen Girozentrale 
Neue Mainzer Landstraße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Zuidplein 98 
World Trade Center Tower H Level 11 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 147 ---
A46848875  
147 
AUDITORS 
KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Bahnhofstraße 30 
90402 Nürnberg 
Federal Republic of Germany 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
To the Issuer as to German law 
To the Dealers as to German law 
Linklaters LLP 
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
White & Case LLP 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 20 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany