--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 4 November 2021 
 
SCHLUMBERGER FINANCE B.V. 
(incorporated in the Netherlands with limited liability, with its corporate seat in The Hague, the Netherlands) 
€5,000,000,000 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Guaranteed by 
SCHLUMBERGER LIMITED 
(incorporated in Curaçao) 
Under the Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Prospectus”), Schlumberger Finance B.V. 
(the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”) guaranteed 
by Schlumberger Limited (the “Guarantor” or “Schlumberger Limited”) pursuant to an Amended and Restated Deed of Covenant dated 17 June 2014 (the 
“Guarantee”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) as a prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus and investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval (expiring on 4 November 2022) and the obligation to supplement this Prospectus in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period. For this purpose, “valid” means valid 
for making offers to the public or admissions to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”) by or with the consent of the issuer. 
By approving this Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction and the quality or solvency of the Issuer. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”, and any member state of the EEA an “EEA Member State”) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where 
an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (the “Regulated Market”). References in 
this Prospectus to the Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market. The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes MiFID II. However, unlisted Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme. The 
relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market (or any other stock exchange). 
Each Series (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – Method of Issue”) of Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form 
(each a “temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a “permanent Global Note”). If the Global Notes are stated in the relevant Final 
Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form they are intended to be eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and the Global Notes will be delivered 
on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable 
to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will be filed 
with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Prospectus (and any supplements) will be available for viewing on the following website for at least 10 years: https://www.slb.com/bvprospectus. 
Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”). The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for 
other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in “Overview of the Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
The Programme is not rated. Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms. As of the date of this Prospectus, the Guarantor has been rated A2 by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”) and A by ’S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (“S&P”). Moody’s and ’S&P are established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). As such Moody’s and ’S&P are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency 
at any time.  
 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Prospectus.  
Arranger 
HSBC 
Dealers  
BNP PARIBAS 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
HSBC 
J.P. MORGAN 
MUFG 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
STANDARD 
CHARTERED BANK AG 
UNICREDIT

--- Page 2 ---
(i)  
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor (the “Responsible Person(s)”) accept responsibility for the information 
contained in this Prospectus, any supplement thereto, and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantor, the information contained 
in this Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme is in accordance 
with the facts and the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms makes no omission likely to affect the 
import of such information. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all the documents which are incorporated herein by reference 
(see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any 
part of this Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any 
responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Prospectus or any 
responsibility for any act or omission of the Issuer, the Guarantor, or any other person (other than the 
relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS 
OF NOTES GENERALLY. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the United 
Kingdom (“UK”) or the EEA or offered to the public in the UK or a Member State of the EEA in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”), the minimum specified 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
Notes). 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 3 ---
(ii) 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact 
the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments 
is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that 
may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment 
of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Notes and the Guarantee in respect thereof have not been and will not be registered under the 
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and the Notes are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder). 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Arranger or the Dealers accept any responsibility for 
the contents of this Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the 
Arranger or a Dealer or on their behalf in connection with the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the issue and 
offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether 
arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in 
respect of this Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other financial 
statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained in this Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based 
upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Arranger or the Dealers undertake to review 
the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Arranger or the Dealers. 
OFFER RESTRICTIONS 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such

--- Page 4 ---
(iii) 
restriction. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of 
this Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8)

--- Page 5 ---
(iv) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.  
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), 
that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – Method 
of Issue”), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation 
Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
persons acting on behalf of a Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules. 
GENERAL 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”), Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(“SOFR”) or the Euro Short-term Rate (“€STR”) which are provided by the European Money Markets 
Institute (“EMMI”) (as administrator of EURIBOR), the Bank of England (as administrator of SONIA), the 
European Central Bank (as administrator of €STR) and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as 
administrator of SOFR). As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (as amended, the “BMR”). 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the 
European Central Bank do not appear on ESMA’s register of administrators and benchmarks under Article 36 
of the BMR. As far as the Issuer and the Guarantor are aware, the Bank of England (as administrator of 
SONIA), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator of SOFR) and the European Central Bank 
(as administrator of €STR) are not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the BMR. 
In making an investment decision regarding the Notes, prospective investors must rely on their own 
independent investigation and appraisal of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Schlumberger Group, its business 
and the terms of the offering of any Notes, including the merits and risks involved. The contents of this 
Prospectus are not to be construed as legal, business or tax advice. Each prospective investor should consult 
its own advisers as to legal, tax, financial, credit and related aspects of an investment in the Notes.

--- Page 6 ---
(v) 
Unless otherwise specified or the context requires, references to “dollars”, “U.S. dollars”, “USD” and “U.S.$” 
are to United States dollars and references to “€”, “euro” and “EUR” are to the currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning 
of the European Union as amended. 
This Prospectus includes forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts 
included in this Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer’s, the Guarantor’s or the 
Schlumberger Group’s financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future 
operations, are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown 
risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Schlumberger Group, or industry results, to be materially different from any future 
results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-
looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer’s, the Guarantor’s or the 
Schlumberger Group’s present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or the Group will operate in the future. The Issuer and the Guarantor expressly disclaim any 
obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward looking statement 
contained herein to reflect any change in the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s expectations with regard thereto or 
any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. The Notes are securities which, because of their 
nature, are normally bought and traded by a limited number of investors who are particularly knowledgeable 
in investment matters and may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the 
Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.

--- Page 7 ---
(vi) 
Table of Contents 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................ 1 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................. 6 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT ................................................................................................................... 15 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................... 16 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................... 18 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ... 50 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................................... 55 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR.................................................................................................... 56 
USE OF PROCEEDS ..................................................................................................................................... 66 
TAXATION ..................................................................................................................................................... 67 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ....................................................................................................................... 74 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................... 78 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................ 92

--- Page 8 ---
1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information contained elsewhere in this 
Prospectus. Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the respective meanings given to them in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. This section constitutes a general description of the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 25(1) of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
Issuer: 
Schlumberger Finance B.V. 
Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer: 
5299003L3TGTOIYBX911 
Guarantor: 
Schlumberger Limited 
Legal Entity Identifier of the Guarantor: 
213800ZUA17OK3QLGM62 
Website of the Guarantor: 
https://www.slb.com/ 
Description: 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Size: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. 
Arranger: 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Dealers: 
BNP PARIBAS, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, London 
Branch, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan AG, MUFG 
Securities 
(Europe) 
N.V., 
Société 
Générale,  
Standard Chartered Bank AG and UniCredit Bank AG. The 
Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either 
in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Prospectus to “Permanent 
Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent 
Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or 
more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, 
Luxembourg Paying Agent and 
Calculation Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch

--- Page 9 ---
2 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one 
or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes 
of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each 
a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where 
necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions and, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of 
other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final 
terms (the “Final Terms”). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes are issued in bearer form only. Each Tranche of Notes 
will be represented on issue by a temporary Global Note if (i) 
definitive Notes are to be made available to Noteholders 
following the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (ii) such 
Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year and are 
being issued in compliance with the TEFRA D (as defined in “– 
Selling Restrictions” below), otherwise such Tranche will be 
represented by a permanent Global Note. 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between 
the Issuer, the Fiscal/Paying Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant 
Global Note is a NGN, the Global Note will be delivered to a 
Common 
Safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the 
relevant Global Note is a CGN, the Global Note representing 
Notes may (or, in the case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, shall) be deposited with a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes 
relating to Notes that are not listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange may also be deposited with any other clearing system 
or may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that 
the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealers. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
Specified Denomination: 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms save that (i) the minimum 
specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in

--- Page 10 ---
3 
any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) 
unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a 
maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the UK or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
 
(ii) by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STR as 
adjusted for any applicable margin and subject to the 
Benchmark discontinuation provisions set out in Condition 
4(j). 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”) may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different 
rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then current 
laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the UK or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes 
will specify whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in 
part) and/or the holders, and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption.

--- Page 11 ---
4 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes and the Guarantee in respect of them will constitute 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, respectively, as described in “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes – Status”. 
Negative Pledge: 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Negative Pledge”. 
Cross Default: 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Events of Default”. 
Ratings: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above and “Make 
Whole Redemption by the Issuer”, “Residual Maturity Call 
Option” and “Clean-Up Call Option” below, Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for 
tax reasons. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Make Whole Redemption by the Issuer: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue 
of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in 
whole or in part, at any time prior to their Maturity Date at the 
Make Whole Redemption Price. The Make Whole Redemption 
Price will, in respect of each Note, be (i) the principal amount of 
the Note, or, if this is higher, (ii) the sum of the then current 
values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Make Whole Optional Redemption Date) 
discounted to the Make Whole Optional Redemption Date on an 
annual basis at the Reference Dealer Rate plus any applicable 
Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case as 
determined by the Determination Agent. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue 
of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in 
whole but not in part, at their principal amount, together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, at any time as 
from the specified call option date. 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
If at any time after the Issue Date, 80 per cent. or more of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes originally issued have 
been redeemed and/or purchased or cancelled, then the Issuer 
may, at its option (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders) redeem all (but not some only) of 
the Notes at any time at their principal amount, together with any 
accrued and unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 12 ---
5 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes of the Netherlands 
or Curaçao unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law, as the case may be, subject to customary exceptions 
(including the ICMA Standard EU Tax Exemption Tax 
Language), all as described in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Taxation”. 
Governing Law: 
English. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
This Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF. Application has 
also been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
listed on the Official List and to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The United States, the Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors and UK Retail Investors, the UK, the Netherlands, 
Curaçao and Singapore. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act, as amended. 
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)) 
(the “TEFRA D”) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that 
Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the 
Code) (the “TEFRA C”) or (ii) the Notes are issued other than 
in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules or the TEFRA C but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute “registration 
required obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and 
Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 13 ---
6 
RISK FACTORS  
In purchasing Notes issued under the Programme, investors assume the risk that the Issuer and the Guarantor 
may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide 
range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer and the Guarantor becoming unable 
to make all payments due in respect of Notes issued under Programme. It is not possible to identify all such 
factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer and the Guarantor may not be aware 
of all relevant factors and certain factors which they currently deem not to be material may become material 
as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s control. The Issuer and the 
Guarantor have identified in this Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect their 
businesses and ability to make payments due under Notes issued under the Programme. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
A. FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S AND GUARANTOR’S ABILITY TO SATISFY 
THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME AND THE 
GUARANTEE 
The Schlumberger group (the “Schlumberger Group”) is subject to many risks and uncertainties that may 
materially adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. The business, results of operation 
and financial condition of the Schlumberger Group could be materially adversely affected by the following 
risks described on pages 10 to 14 (Item 1A. Risk Factors) in the 2020 Form 10-K (as defined herein).  
Also see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”. 
Other risks not currently known to us or that we do not currently consider to present significant risks to our 
operations may also materially adversely affect our operating and financial results.    
1 
Financial market risks   
a. Global economic conditions – see pages 10-11 of the 2020 Form 10-K, incorporated by reference. 
b. Foreign currency exposure – see pages 11-12 of the 2020 Form 10-K, incorporated by reference. 
2 
 Business and operational risks  
a. Oil and gas price volatility – see pages 10-11 of the 2020 Form 10-K, incorporated by reference. 
b. Reduced demand for oilfield services and products – see pages 10-12 of the 2020 Form 10-K, incorporated 
by reference. 
c. Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic – see page 11 of the 2020 Form 10-K, incorporated by reference. 
d. Delays, cancellations, general business disruptions and delays in payment of, or non-payment of, amounts 
for services rendered – see page 10 of the 2020 Form 10-K, incorporated by reference. 
e. Physical security, terrorism, war or other armed conflict – see page 11 of the 2020 Form 10-K, incorporated 
by reference. 
f. Severe weather – see page 12 of the 2020 Form 10-K, incorporated by reference. 
3 
Legal and regulatory risks  
a. Compliance with anti-corruption, anti-bribery laws, trade and economic sanctions laws and regulations –

--- Page 14 ---
7 
see page 12 of the 2020 Form 10-K, incorporated by reference. 
b. Compliance with changes in laws and regulations relating to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change 
– see pages 12-13 of the 2020 Form 10-K, incorporated by reference. 
c. Legal and regulatory proceedings – see pages 12-13 of the 2020 Form 10-K, incorporated by reference. 
d. Product liability – see pages 12-13 of the 2020 Form 10-K, incorporated by reference. 
e. Contractual liability and catastrophic well incidents/blow outs – see page 13 of the 2020 Form 10-K, 
incorporated by reference. 
4 
Intellectual property and technology risks 
a. Maintaining technological leadership – see page 13 of the 2020 Form 10-K, incorporated by reference. 
b. Intellectual property-related claims – see pages 13-14 of the 2020 Form 10-K, incorporated by reference. 
c. Obtaining and retaining skilled technical personnel – see page 13 of the 2020 Form 10-K, incorporated by 
reference. 
d. Cyber security risks – see page 14 of the 2020 Form 10-K, incorporated by reference. 
5 
Environmental, health and safety risks  
a. Environmental compliance costs and liabilities – see pages 12-13 of the 2020 Form 10-K, incorporated by 
reference. 
B. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR 
1 
Risks related to the inability to successfully implement the business strategy 
The Issuer’s ability to make scheduled payments on Notes issued under the Programme and the Guarantor’s 
ability to make payments, if any, under the Guarantee depends on Schlumberger Group’s future operating and 
financial performance and ability to generate cash. This will be affected by, among other things, Schlumberger 
Group’s ability to successfully implement its business strategy, as well as by general economic, financial, 
competitive, regulatory, technical and other factors beyond its control, including actions taken by businesses 
and governments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. If Schlumberger Group cannot generate sufficient 
cash to meet its debt service obligations or fund its other business needs, the Issuer and the Guarantor may, 
among other things, need to refinance all or a portion of their obligations, including Notes issued under the 
Programme and the Guarantee, obtain additional financing, delay planned acquisitions or capital expenditures, 
or sell assets. No assurance can be given that the Issuer or the Guarantor will be able to generate sufficient cash 
through any of the foregoing. If the Issuer and the Guarantor are not able to refinance any of their debt, obtain 
additional financing or sell assets on commercially reasonable terms or at all, they may not be able to satisfy 
their obligations with respect to their debt, including Notes issued under the Programme and the Guarantee. 
2 
Risks related to the application of Dutch insolvency law 
The Issuer is incorporated under Dutch law. In the context of Dutch law, the Issuer may become subject to two 
types of insolvency proceedings: suspension of payments and bankruptcy. Dutch law also contains specific 
provisions dealing with voidable preference both in and outside of bankruptcy (actio pauliana provisions). The 
actio pauliana provisions under specific circumstances grant to creditors and the receiver in bankruptcy, the 
right to challenge the validity of certain pre-insolvency transactions. 
C. RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
1 
Risks related to the structure of Notes

--- Page 15 ---
8 
Any early redemption at the option of the Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms for a particular issue of 
Notes, could cause the yield anticipated by Noteholders to be considerably less than anticipated. 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer 
including pursuant to an issuer call option, a make whole redemption, a clean-up call option, a residual maturity 
call option and a redemption for taxation reasons, each as described in Condition 5. Such right of termination 
is often provided for bonds or notes in periods of high interest rates. If the market interest rates decrease, the 
risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right of termination increases. As a consequence, the yields 
received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be 
lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital 
invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount 
of the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early 
redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. Further, in the 
circumstances detailed above, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable 
security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. The existence of these early redemption 
options in a particular Series of Notes could limit the market value of such Notes. 
Potential investors should also note that the Issuer in certain circumstances has the ability to exercise a “clean 
up” call in relation to the relevant series of Notes. If the Issuer has redeemed, purchased or cancelled a series 
of Notes in aggregate principal amount equal to or in excess of 80 per cent. in the principal amount of such 
series of Notes initially issued (which shall for this purpose include any further Notes issued pursuant to 
Condition 12), the Issuer may then redeem or purchase, at its option (and without the consent or approval of 
Noteholders), all but not some only of the remaining outstanding Notes of that series at their principal amount 
plus accrued interest up to the applicable redemption date. 
Depending on the number of Notes in the same Series in respect of which the Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer, as provided in Condition 5(d) and the Make Whole Redemption, as provided in Condition 5(e) is 
exercised, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may 
become illiquid and difficult to trade. 
The Notes and the Guarantee will be subordinated to secured indebtedness of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
The Notes will be unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu in right of 
payment with all other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer and senior 
in right of payment to all subordinated indebtedness of the Issuer. The Guarantee will be the unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligation of the Guarantor and will rank pari passu in right of payment to all other existing 
and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Guarantor, and senior in right of payment to all 
subordinated indebtedness of the Guarantor. However, the Notes and the Guarantee will be effectively 
subordinated to any secured obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor to the extent of the assets serving as 
security therefor. In bankruptcy, the holder of a security interest with respect to any assets of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor would be entitled to have the proceeds of such assets applied to the payment of such holder’s claim 
before the remaining proceeds, if any, are applied to the claims of the Noteholders. 
Modification and substitution 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also contain provisions which allow the substitution of the Issuer for 
the Guarantor, or any subsidiary of the Guarantor, as principal debtor under the Notes and the Coupons, at any 
time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, provided that no payment in respect of the 
Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue.

--- Page 16 ---
9 
Withholding under the Notes 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make gross 
up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and could significantly 
adversely affect their return on the Notes. 
2 
Risks relating to the nature of the Notes 
Investors who purchase Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the Specified Denomination 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts 
in excess of such Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such Specified Denomination. In 
such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an 
amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice 
The terms and conditions of the Notes are based on the laws of England in effect as at the date of this Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws of England 
or administrative practice after the date of this Prospectus. Furthermore, the Schlumberger Group operates in a 
heavily regulated environment and has to comply with extensive regulations in the Netherlands, Curaçao and 
elsewhere. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to laws or 
administrative practices after the date of this Prospectus. 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never 
develop. If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. Illiquidity may have an adverse effect on the market value of any Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, it will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer may pay principal and interest on the Notes in a different currency to the currency an investor’s 
financial activities are principally denominated in (the “Investor’s Currency”). This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the currency of the Notes or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk 
that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the currency of the Notes would decrease (1) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to make payments in

--- Page 17 ---
10 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with 
an investment in those Notes 
The Guarantor is rated by Moody’s and ’S&P and one or more independent credit rating agencies may assign 
credit ratings to the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Notes and the ratings assigned by Moody’s, Standard and Poor’s 
or one or more independent credit rating agencies represent the forward looking opinions of such agencies, and 
their views based on certain assumptions. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
3 
Risks relating to Taxation 
The proposed financial transactions tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common financial transaction tax (the “FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “Participating Member States”). However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred 
to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
However, the Commission’s Proposal is still being discussed by the Participating Member States. It may 
therefore be modified at any time prior to implementation, the timing of which remains uncertain. Additional 
EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
4 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes referencing such benchmarks 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 
June 2016 and has applied since 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It, among other things, (i) 
requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to an equivalent 
regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks

--- Page 18 ---
11 
of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the relevant benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
The potential elimination of a benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark may have 
the effect, amongst other things, of: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark, including an inter-bank offered rate such as EURIBOR or other relevant reference rates, (including, 
without limitation, SOFR, SONIA and/or €STR) (including any page on which such benchmark may be published 
(or any successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs, including the possibility 
that the rate of interest or other amounts payable under the Notes could be set by reference to a successor rate or an 
alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in 
order to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain 
circumstances, the fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest or other amounts payable under the Notes may 
be based upon a determination to be made by the Calculation Agent or by an Independent Adviser appointed by the 
Issuer. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates 
and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time and in the event of a permanent discontinuation of a benchmark, the Issuer may be unable to appoint 
an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may be unable to determine a successor rate or alternative rate. 
In these circumstances, where a benchmark has been discontinued, the Rate of Interest will revert to the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the immediately preceding Interest Determination Date. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
referencing a benchmark. In respect of the risks related to alternative benchmarks such as SOFR, SONIA and €STR, 
please see “The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are 
possible reference rates for the Notes”, “Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material 
respects” and “Any of the administrators of SONIA, SOFR or €STR may make changes that could change the value 
of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or discontinue SONIA, SOFR, or €STR respectively” below. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are possible reference 
rates for the Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) and the new euro 
short-term rate (“€STR”), as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. Dollar and euro bonds, 
respectively, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market 
participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, 
including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market’s 
forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) 
or different measures of such risk-free rates. For example, on 2 March 2020, the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as administrator of SOFR, began publishing the SOFR Compounded Index and on 3 August 2020, the 
Bank of England, as the administrator of SONIA, began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index.

--- Page 19 ---
12 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-free rates issued under 
this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, 
SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, or €STR 
referenced Notes issued by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond 
markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of 
any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives 
and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference 
rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which 
they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-
free rates. 
The use of risk-free rates as reference rates for Eurobonds is nascent, and may be subject to change and 
development in terms of the methodology used to calculate such rates, the development of rates based on risk-
free rates and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds 
referencing risk-free rates. In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have 
been used in notes linked to such risk-free rates issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular 
methodology, including the compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain 
widespread market acceptance. In addition, the methodology for determining any overnight rate index used to 
determine the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Notes could change during the life of such Notes. 
Notes referencing risk-free rates may also have no established trading market when issued, and an established 
trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities referencing such 
risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and 
trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, 
if the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of 
such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more 
widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such 
Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Certain administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical performance data. 
Hypothetical data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual historical 
performance data may be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates. Investors should not rely on hypothetical 
or actual historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, or €STR. 
Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects 
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects, including (without 
limitation) by being backwards-looking in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, 
risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally 
expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank 
lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank 
offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 
2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable 
benchmarks or other market rates.

--- Page 20 ---
13 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The 
level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed 
patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may 
change in the future. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference such risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, 
both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes linked to 
interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking SONIA, SOFR, or €STR become due and 
payable under Condition 9 (Events of Default) or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest 
Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a 
shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are 
scheduled for redemption. 
Any of the administrators of SONIA, SOFR or €STR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR or discontinue SONIA, SOFR, or €STR respectively 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (“ECB”) (or their 
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and SOFR Compounded 
Index), or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of these 
risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such rates and/or indices are 
calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate such rates and/or indices, or timing 
related to the publication of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, or €STR. 
In addition, an administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, or €STR, in which case a fallback method of 
determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply in accordance with the Conditions (see “Floating Rate 
Notes and Reset Notes referencing or linked to benchmarks”). An administrator has no obligation to consider 
the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-
free rate. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may change 
Investors in Fixed Rate Notes are exposed to the risk that subsequent changes in interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of such Notes. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
The Issuer may issue Fixed/Floating Rate Notes under the Programme which may bear interest at a rate that the 
Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The relevant 
Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes 
since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of 
borrowing. If the relevant Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the fixed to floating 
Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes tied to the 
same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. 
If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing market 
rates.

--- Page 21 ---
14 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes; negative Rates of 
Interest. 
The Issuer may issue Floating Rate Notes. A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes 
is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors 
are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their 
return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the 
terms and conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to 
them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue Fixed 
Rate Notes may affect the market value and the secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice 
versa). 
Furthermore, should the Reference Rate in respect of a Floating Rate Note be at any time negative, it could, 
notwithstanding the addition of the Margin, result in the actual Rate of Interest being lower than zero, though 
in such case, no amount shall be due by the Noteholders to the Issuer. 
Zero coupon notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted notes. 
The Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes. Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact 
on the prices of zero coupon notes than on the prices of ordinary notes because the discounted issue prices are 
substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, zero coupon notes can suffer higher price losses than 
other notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, zero coupon notes are a 
type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. 
Foreign currency notes expose investors to foreign-exchange risk as well as to issuer risk. 
As purchasers of foreign currency notes, investors are exposed to the risk of changing foreign exchange rates. 
This risk is in addition to any performance risk that relates to the issuer or the type of bond being issued.

--- Page 22 ---
15 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Prospectus 
or a further Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as required by Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has given an undertaking to the Dealers that, if at any time during the 
duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information contained in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes and whose 
inclusion in or removal from this Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor, and the rights attaching to the Notes, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Prospectus 
or publish a replacement Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall 
supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 23 ---
16 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents: 
(i) 
the audited non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at, and for the year ended, 31 December 
2020, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the Netherlands (including the 
auditor’s report): https://www.slb.com/-/media/files/bvprospectus/sfbv-annual-accounts-2020.ashx; 
(ii) 
the audited non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at, and for the year ended, 31 December 
2019, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the Netherlands (including the 
auditor’s report): https://www.slb.com/-/media/files/bvprospectus/sfbv-annual-accounts-2019.ashx; 
(iii) 
the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the nine month period ended 
30 September 2021 as included in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended 30 September 
2021 in respect of the Guarantor(the “Form 10-Q”): https://investorcenter.slb.com/static-files/49fc9fc0-
2458-44d7-a98c-f5a49e5e9aa0; and 
(iv) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 and for each of the three years in the period ended 31 December 2020, with the audit report thereon as 
included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 31 December 2020 in respect of the Guarantor 
(the 
“2020 
Form 
10-K”): 
https://investorcenter.slb.com/static-files/9d3dfe5f-6358-4ab0-975e-
36f036cd9bb7, 
which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have been 
filed with the CSSF. The documents listed above shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of this 
Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and as indicated above. For the avoidance of doubt, the content 
of the websites of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Guarantor and the US Securities and Exchange Commission 
do not form part of this Prospectus, and have not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for the documents incorporated by reference. Information set 
forth in these documents that is not included in the cross-reference lists below are not incorporated by reference as 
they are either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Schlumberger Finance B.V. Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 
Balance Sheet 
Page 6
Income Statement 
Page 7
Notes 
Pages 8 to 23
Auditor’s Report 
Pages 24 to 29
 
* Page references above refer to pages in the pdf. copy of the Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 
2020 
Schlumberger Finance B.V. Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 
Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2019 
Page 6

--- Page 24 ---
17 
Schlumberger Finance B.V. Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 
Profit and loss account for the year ended 31 December 2019 
Page 7
Notes to the balance sheet and profit and loss account 
Page 8 to 23
Other Information 
Page 24
Independent auditor’s report 
Page 25
 
* Page references above refer to pages in the pdf. copy of the Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 
2019 
Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended 30 September 2021 
2021
Income Statement 
Pages 3-4
Balance Sheet 
Page 5
Cash Flow Statement 
Page 6
Notes 
Pages 9-19
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, and 
for each of the three years in the period ended 31 December 2020, contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 
2020
2019
2018 
Income Statement 
Pages 34-35 
Pages 34-35
Pages 34-35 
Balance Sheet 
Page 36
Page 36
- 
Cash Flow Statement 
Page 37
Page 37
Page 37 
Accounting Principles 
Pages 40-42
Pages 40-42
Pages 40-42 
Notes, including the management’s 2020 report on internal control 
Pages 40-71
Pages 40-71
Pages 40-71 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
Pages 72-74
Pages 72-74
Pages 72-74 
Risk Factors 
2020
Item 1A. Risk Factors 
Pages 10-14

--- Page 25 ---
18 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) that, subject to completion in 
accordance with the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in 
definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. The full text of these 
Conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms shall be endorsed on such Notes. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of 
the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes. References in the 
Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented 
as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 4 November 2021 between the Issuer, the Guarantor, BNP 
Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch as fiscal agent, principal paying agent and calculation agent 
and the other agents named in it and with the benefit of an Amended and Restated Deed of Covenant (as 
amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 17 June 2014 executed by the 
Issuer and the Guarantor in relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the principal paying agent, and the calculation 
agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying 
Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Noteholders 
(as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Notes in 
bearer form and, in the case of Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest 
payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) are deemed to have notice of all of the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified offices of Paying Agents. If the Notes are to be listed on the Official List and to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms 
will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon. The minimum Specified 
Denomination of the Notes shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of 
the relevant Notes). 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a combination of any of the 
foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon. 
The Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after 
the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Title to the Notes and the 
Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required 
by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Note, “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or 
Talon) means the bearer of any Note, Coupon or Talon and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them 
hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
19 
2 
Guarantee and Status 
(a) 
Guarantee: The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums 
expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the Notes and Coupons. Its obligations in that respect (the 
“Guarantee”) are contained in the Deed of Covenant. 
(b) 
Status of Notes and Guarantee: The Notes and Coupons constitute (subject to Condition 3) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and Coupons and of the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and 
subject to Condition 3, at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor, respectively, present and future. 
3 
Negative Pledge 
(a) 
Restriction: So long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement): 
(i) 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will, and the Guarantor will ensure that none of its 
Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, 
lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest (“Security”) upon the whole or any part 
of its undertaking, assets or revenues present or future to secure any Relevant Debt (as defined 
below), or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Debt; and 
(ii) 
each of the Issuer and the Guarantor will procure that no other person (other than, in the case of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor) gives any guarantee of, or indemnity in respect of, any of the Relevant 
Debt of the Issuer or the Guarantor, 
unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes and the Coupons or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor’s obligations under the Guarantee (aa) are secured equally and rateably 
therewith or benefit from a guarantee or indemnity in substantially identical terms thereto, as the case 
may be, or (bb) have the benefit of such other security, guarantee, indemnity or other arrangement as 
shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the 
Noteholders; provided that nothing in this Condition 3 shall prevent the Issuer, the Guarantor or any 
Subsidiary from securing, or allowing another person to give any guarantee of, or indemnity in respect 
of, any Relevant Debt where the Security is on the assets, revenues or undertaking of any company 
becoming a Subsidiary after the date of issue of the Notes which Security exists at the time of such 
company becoming a Subsidiary (other than any Security created in contemplation thereof). 
For the purposes of these Conditions, “Subsidiary” means, at any particular time, a company which is 
then directly or indirectly controlled, or more than 50 per cent. of whose issued equity share capital (or 
equivalent) is then beneficially owned, by the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or one or more of their respective 
Subsidiaries. For a company to be “controlled” by another means that the other (whether directly or 
indirectly and whether by the ownership of share capital, the possession of voting power, contract or 
otherwise) has the power to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of the Board of 
Directors or other governing body of that company or otherwise controls or has the power to control the 
affairs and policies of that company. 
(b) 
Relevant Debt: For the purposes of this Condition, “Relevant Debt” means any present or future 
indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities 
which are for the time being, or become, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, 
over-the-counter or other securities market.

--- Page 27 ---
20 
4 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f). Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each 
date which falls the number of months or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after 
the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and the 
provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, 
depending upon which is specified hereon. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 28 ---
21 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate 
Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given 
to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes which 
reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR) 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified hereon is not SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR) 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(y) 
subject to Condition 4(j), if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph 
(x)(1) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if 
sub-paragraph (x)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided 
below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(z) 
subject to Condition 4(j), if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject 
as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or, if fewer than two 
of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m.

--- Page 29 ---
22 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
(i) 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, Index Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as not applicable and the Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR: 
 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant series of Notes is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 4(j) 
(Interest - Benchmark discontinuation) and Condition 4(e) (Interest - Margin, 
Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Redemption Amounts and Rounding) and 
subject as provided below) be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards. 
 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant series of Notes is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being “Weighted Average”, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 4(j) 
(Interest - Benchmark discontinuation) and Condition 4(e) (Interest - Margin, 
Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Redemption Amounts and Rounding) and 
subject as provided below) be the Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards. 
(ii) 
Where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, subject 
to Condition 4(j) (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), if, in respect of any Business 
Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
such SONIA rate shall be: 
 
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, if 
earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a 
SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there 
is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest

--- Page 30 ---
23 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads); or 
 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, 
close of business) on the relevant Business Day, the SONIA rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on which the SONIA rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors), 
and, in each case, “r” shall be interpreted accordingly. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 4(j) (Interest - 
Benchmark discontinuation), in the event of the Bank of England publishing guidance as 
to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA 
rate, the Calculation Agent shall, in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer, follow 
such guidance to the extent practicable and to the extent such guidance does not increase 
obligations or duties of the Calculation Agent in order to determine the SONIA rate, for 
purposes of the Notes, for so long as the SONIA rate is not available or has not been 
published by the authorised distributors. 
(iii) 
Where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
Condition 4(j) (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), if, in respect of any Business Day, 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for the first preceding Business Day 
on which the SOFR was published on the Relevant Screen Page (“r” shall be interpreted 
accordingly). 
(iv) 
where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
Condition 4(j) (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), if, in respect of any Business Day, 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first preceding Business Day 
on which the €STR was published on the Relevant Screen Page;  
(“r” shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(v) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, subject to 
Condition 4(j) (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period), (ii) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is the 
first Interest Period for the Notes, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period) or (iii) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period

--- Page 31 ---
24 
is not the first Interest Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest which applied to the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. 
(vi) 
If the relevant series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 
(Events of Default), the last Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the 
date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes 
shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(vii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(b)(iii)(C) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes - Rate of 
Interest for Floating Rate Notes- Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR): 
If “Payment Delay” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, all 
references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being payable on an Interest 
Payment Date shall be read as reference to interest on the Notes being payable on an 
Effective Interest Payment Date instead; 
“Applicable Period” means, 
(A) 
where “Lag”, “Lock-out” or “Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Period; and 
(B) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, Observation Period; 
“Business Day” or “BD”, means, (i) where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate, 
any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; (ii) where “SOFR” is 
specified as the Reference Rate, any day which is a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date on which banking institutions 
in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; and (iii) where 
“€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; 
“Calculation Method” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the 
applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and further provided 
for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
         [∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖−𝑝𝐵𝐷 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] 𝑥𝐷
𝑑  
where: 
“D” is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“d” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Applicable Period;

--- Page 32 ---
25 
“do” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in such 
Applicable Period; 
“Effective Interest Payment Date” means any date or dates specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro 
short-term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the website of 
the European Central Bank as at the date of this Base Prospectus at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated by the European 
Central Bank (the “ECB’s Website”) in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m., (Central 
European Time) on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day; 
“i” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, 
each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first Business Day in such Applicable Period; 
“Lock-out Period” means the period from, and including, the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
“ni”, for any Business Day “i” in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such Business Day “i” up to but excluding the following 
Business Day; 
“New York Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York as at the date of this Base Prospectus at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; 
“Observation Method” shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling “p” Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is “p” Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” Business Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means, for any Interest Period: 
(A) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back Period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified five 
Business Days); 
(B) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, zero; 
(C) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back 
Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five 
Business Days); 
“r” means:

--- Page 33 ---
26 
(A) 
where in the relevant Final Terms “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate and 
either “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day; 
(B) 
where in the relevant Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate and 
either “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day; 
(C) 
where in the relevant Final Terms “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate and 
either “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day; 
(D) 
where in the relevant Final Terms “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate and 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method: 
(i) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the SONIA rate 
in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, 
and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SONIA rate in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant 
Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest 
Determination Date); 
(E) 
where in the relevant Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate and 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method: 
(i) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the SOFR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, 
and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the Business 
Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest 
Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination 
Date); 
(F) 
where in the relevant Final Terms “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate and 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method: 
(i) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the €STR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, 
and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the €STR in respect of the Business 
Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest 
Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination 
Date); 
(G) 
where in the relevant Final Terms “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate and 
“Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day, provided however 
that, in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the

--- Page 34 ---
27 
period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, “r” shall be the SONIA rate 
in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; 
(H) 
where in the relevant Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate and 
“Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day, provided however that, 
in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period 
from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or 
the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, “r” shall be the SOFR in respect of 
the Rate Cut-off Date; and 
(I) 
where in the relevant Final Terms “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate and 
“Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day, provided however that, 
in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period 
from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or 
the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, “r” shall be the €STR in respect of the 
Rate Cut-off Date; 
“Rate Cut-off Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Day” means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than any 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
“ri-pBD” means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of “r” above for, 
(i) where, in the relevant Final Terms, “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method, the 
Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling 
“p” Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day “i” or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant 
Business Day “i”; 
“SOFR” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York 
Federal Reserve’s Website, in each case on or about 5.00 p.m. (New York City Time) (the 
“SOFR Determination Time”) on the Business Day immediately following such 
Business Day; 
“SONIA” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors in each case on the Business Day immediately following such 
Business Day; 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or 
any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; and 
“Weighted Average Reference Rate” means: 
(A) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during

--- Page 35 ---
28 
the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference 
Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of 
such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any 
calendar day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate 
in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; and 
(B) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day 
during the relevant Interest Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant 
Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining 
the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in 
the relevant Interest Period, provided however that for any calendar day of such 
Interest Period falling in the Lockout Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each 
day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect 
for the Reference Day immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. 
For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not 
a Business Day shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the Reference 
Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(D) 
Index Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined and Index Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period 
will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in 
accordance with the following formula and to the Relevant Decimal Place, all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin: 
                     ( 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑥𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
where: 
“Compounded Index” shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Compounded 
Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Compounded Index End” means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or 
such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which, by its definition 
or the operation of the relevant provisions, is excluded from such Interest Period); 
“Compounded Index Start” means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period;  
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
“Index Days” means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking Days, and, 
in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;

--- Page 36 ---
29 
“Numerator” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 365 in the case of 
the SONIA Compounded Index and 360 in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index; 
“Relevant Decimal Place” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be the 
fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh decimal place 
in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 
0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards); 
“Relevant Number” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be five in the 
case of the SONIA Compounded Index and two in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index; 
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the compounded daily SOFR rate, as published at 15:00 
(New York time) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of 
SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 
(London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of 
England’s Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred with respect to SONIA or SOFR, if, with 
respect to any Interest Period, the relevant Compounded Index Start and/or Compounded Index 
End is not published by the administrator, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of 
Interest for that Interest Period in accordance with Condition 4(b)(iii)(C) (Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes – Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes – Screen Rate Determination for Floating 
Rate Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR) as if Index Determination was not specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. For these purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall 
be deemed to be SONIA in the case of SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR in the case of 
Compounded SOFR Index, (ii) the Calculation Method shall be deemed to be Compounded Daily, 
(iii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be Observation Shift, (iv) the Observation Look-
back Period shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number, (v) D shall be deemed to be the 
Numerator and (vi) in the case of SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the 
Issuer in consultation with the Calculation Agent. If a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect 
of SONIA or SOFR, the provisions of Condition 4(j) (Interest – Benchmark discontinuation) shall 
apply mutatis mutandis in respect of this Condition 4(b)(iii)(D). 
(E) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one 
of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however 
that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated 
Maturity.

--- Page 37 ---
30 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 5(b)(i)). 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 
4 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the 
Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with (b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if 
a negative number) of such Margin subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified hereon, then 
any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as 
the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the 
nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country or countries of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount 
specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount 
(or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount 
of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest 
Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of 
each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for 
which interest is required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent 
shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate 
or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and 
calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or any Optional Redemption

--- Page 38 ---
31 
Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any 
other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon 
receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange 
or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(b)(ii), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, 
the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue 
to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest 
or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a “TARGET Business 
Day”); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period is divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 39 ---
32 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 −Y1)] ± [30 × (M2 −M1)] ± (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 −Y1)] ± [30 × (M2 −M1)] ± (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 −Y1)] ± [30 × (M2 −M1)] ± (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 40 ---
33 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(viii) if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, shall mean the Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment 
Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified hereon.

--- Page 41 ---
34 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, selected by the Calculation Agent or, where the 
Fiscal Agent is named as the Calculation Agent in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the currency 
in which the Notes are denominated. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor 
thereto. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to 
act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer 
shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London 
office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation 
Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(j) 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
(i) 
Independent Adviser:

--- Page 42 ---
35 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine  a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(j)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(j)(iv)). In making such determination, 
the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(j) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the 
Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 4(j)(i). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4(j)(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest 
Accrual Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be 
the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4(j)(i) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest 
Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 4(j)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(j)(ii)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
4(j)(ii)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the 
Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) 
will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(j)(iv) and the Issuer and the Independent 
Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are

--- Page 43 ---
36 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject 
to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4(j)(v)), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give 
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice, and the 
Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect 
such consequential amendments. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(j)(iv), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of 
any changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 4(j)(iv) to which, in the sole 
opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities 
or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant 
Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(j)(iv), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices: 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(j) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 13, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories 
of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 4(j); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the Noteholders at 
all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely 
on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination 
of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s or the Calculation Agent’s or 
the Paying Agent’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.

--- Page 44 ---
37 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(j)(iv), if following the determination of 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), 
in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative 
courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 4(j)(iv), the 
Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the 
Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation 
Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its 
own gross negligence, willful default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any 
reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to 
make such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, willful 
default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4(j) (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b)(B)(y) and (z) 
will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(vii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 4(j): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) 
a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate); 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference 
Rate; or (if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied) 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 4(j)(ii)) is customarily applied in international 
debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(j)(iv)). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in

--- Page 45 ---
38 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(5) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will be (or will be deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(6) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other 
party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate; 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs 
(2) and (3) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or 
the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-
paragraph (4) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (5) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference 
Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) 
representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public 
statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, 
neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any 
responsibility for making such determination. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
4(j)(i)). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the European Commission, the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the European Commission, the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks 
or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.

--- Page 46 ---
39 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at the Final Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c) or upon it becoming due and payable 
as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided 
below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised 
Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their 
issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 5(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) 
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the 
Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised 
Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both 
before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or 
after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled 
Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest 
that may accrue in accordance with Condition 4(c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9, shall be the Final Redemption Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: Subject to Condition 5(b), the Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) 
or, at any time, (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period 
and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 5(b) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer 
(or, if the Guarantor were called upon to make payment under the Guarantee, the Guarantor) has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Netherlands or, in the case of the Guarantor,

--- Page 47 ---
40 
Curaçao or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall 
be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes (or 
either Guarantee, as the case may be) then due. Before the publication of any notice of redemption 
pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent to make available at its specified 
office to Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be) stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred; and (ii) an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be) has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of 
such change or amendment. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Issuer Call Option is specified as being applicable hereon, 
the Issuer may, on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified hereon) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem, all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at 
least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than 
the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers 
of the Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be 
fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. 
(e) 
Make Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If Issuer Make Whole Option is specified as being applicable 
hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the 
“Make Whole Optional Redemption Date”)), redeem the Notes, in whole or in part at the Make Whole 
Redemption Price (as defined below) together with interest accrued (if any) to, but excluding, the Make 
Whole Optional Redemption Date. 
In this Condition: 
“Determination Agent” means an independent investment bank, financial institution or financial 
adviser of international standing appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make Whole 
Redemption Price; 
“Make Whole Redemption Price” means, in respect of each Note, (i) the principal amount of the Note, 
or, if this is higher, (ii) the sum of the then current values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make Whole 
Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the Make Whole Optional Redemption Date on an annual 
basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366)

--- Page 48 ---
41 
at the Reference Dealer Rate (as defined below) plus any applicable Margin specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in each case as determined by the Determination Agent. 
“Reference Bond” means the security referenced in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Dealers” means those Reference Dealers specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Dealer Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Make Whole Optional 
Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the 
Reference Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Reference Stock is no longer 
outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable judgement of the Reference Dealers, at the 
Determination Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Determination Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by the Reference Dealers. 
(f) 
Issuer Clean-up Call Option: If at any time after the Issue Date, 80 per cent. or more of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further securities issued 
pursuant to Condition 12 will be deemed to have been originally issued) has been redeemed and/or 
purchased and cancelled, then the Issuer may, at its option (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders), and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption) redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes at any time at their principal 
amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, provided that, if the Issuer has 
exercised the Issuer Make Whole Option as specified in Condition 5(e) in respect of a relevant Series of 
Notes, the provisions of this Condition 5(f) shall not apply to the same Series of Notes for a period of 
12 months as from the applicable Make Whole Optional Redemption Date. 
(g) 
Residual Maturity Call Option If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date for redemption) to 
redeem the Notes, in whole, but not in part, at their principal amount together with interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption, which shall be no earlier than three months before the Maturity Date (the 
“Residual Maturity Call Option Date”). All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall 
be redeemed on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If Put Option is specified as being applicable hereon, the 
Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less 
than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed option 
exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent within the notice 
period. No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency 
Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(i) 
Purchases: The Issuer, the Guarantor and any of their subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes 
(provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their 
subsidiaries may be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Notes, by surrendering each such Note 
together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, if so

--- Page 49 ---
42 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes 
so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
6 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal 
and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6(e)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 6(e)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, 
by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the 
principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access 
to the TARGET System. 
(b) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are denominated in U.S. 
dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New 
York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with 
specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, 
(ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is 
then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws 
and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 7, and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, and the Calculation Agent initially 
appointed by the Issuer and the Guarantor and their respective specified offices are listed below. The 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder 
or Couponholder. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, 
(ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having 
specified offices in at least two major European cities and (iv) such other agents as may be required by 
any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Notes 
denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 50 ---
43 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption, Fixed Rate Notes should be surrendered for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face 
value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid 
bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any 
amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such 
missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 8). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such 
Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured 
Coupons, and where any Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon 
relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer 
may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Note. Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall 
be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note. 
(f) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to 
Condition 8). 
(g) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon 
and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
7 
Taxation

--- Page 51 ---
44 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of the Notes and 
the Coupons or under the Guarantee shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or within the Netherlands or Curaçao or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the Netherlands or, in the case of payments by the Guarantor, Curaçao other than the 
mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented for payment more than 30 days 
after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(c) 
Dutch Withholding Tax: where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the 
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021);; or 
(d) 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) 
the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further 
presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will 
be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions 
to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face 
Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all 
other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) 
“principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable 
under this Condition. 
8 
Prescription 
Claims for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall 
be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case 
of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
9 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-Payment: the Issuer fails to pay the principal of or any interest on any of the Notes when due and 
such failure continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal and 14 days in the case of 
interest; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor does not perform or comply with any one or 
more of its other obligations under the Notes or the Guarantee, as the case may be, which default is not 
remedied within 30 days after notice of such default shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent at its 
specified office by any Noteholder; or

--- Page 52 ---
45 
(c) 
Cross-Default: (i) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries (as defined below) for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes due 
and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any default, event of default or the like (howsoever 
described), or (ii) any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as extended by any applicable grace 
period, or (iii) the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of its Principal Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any 
amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any moneys 
borrowed or raised provided that in no case shall it constitute an Event of Default (y) unless the aggregate 
amount of the relevant indebtedness, guarantee and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the 
events mentioned above in this paragraph (c) have occurred equals or exceeds €50,000,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currency; or (z) if the Issuer, the Guarantor or such Principal Subsidiary, as the 
case may be, shall have been ordered not to make such a payment by the relevant court; or 
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced 
or sued out on or against all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or any of its Principal Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed within 30 days; or 
(e) 
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created 
or assumed by the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of its Principal Subsidiaries becomes enforceable and 
any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, 
manager or other similar person) provided that the aggregate amount of indebtedness secured by 
mortgages, charges, pledges, liens or other encumbrances in relation to which any such step is taken 
equals or exceeds €25,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency; or 
(f) 
Insolvency: the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is (or is, or could be, deemed 
by law or a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or is granted a moratorium of payments or is unable to pay 
its debts, stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or of a 
particular type of) its debts within the meaning of any applicable law, proposes or makes any agreement 
for the deferral, rescheduling or other readjustment of all of (or all of a particular type of) its debts (or 
of any part which it will or might otherwise be unable to pay when due), proposes or makes a general 
assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect 
of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or 
of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its Principal Subsidiaries; or 
(g) 
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, or the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or a material part of its business or 
operations, except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, 
merger or consolidation (i) on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, or (ii) 
in the case of a Principal Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Principal Subsidiary are 
transferred to or otherwise vested in one or more of the Issuer, the Guarantor (as the case may be) or 
another of its Principal Subsidiaries; or 
(h) 
Ownership: the Issuer ceases to be wholly-owned and controlled by the Guarantor; or 
(i) 
Authorisation and Consents: any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any 
necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) 
at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer and the Guarantor 
lawfully to enter into, exercise their respective rights and perform and comply with their respective 
obligations under the Notes and the Guarantee, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legally binding 
and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes and the Guarantee admissible in evidence in the courts of 
the Netherlands or Curaçao, as the case may be, is not taken, fulfilled or done; or

--- Page 53 ---
46 
(j) 
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply with any 
one or more of its obligations under any of the Notes or the Guarantee; or 
(k) 
Analogous Events: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs; or 
(l) 
Guarantee: the Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect then 
any Note may, by notice in writing given by the holder and received by the Fiscal Agent at its specified 
office, be declared immediately due and payable whereupon it shall become immediately due and 
payable at its principal amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further formality unless 
such event of default shall have been remedied prior to the receipt of such notice by the Fiscal Agent. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, a “Principal Subsidiary” at any time shall include a Subsidiary of the 
Guarantor (inter alia): 
(a) 
whose revenues (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or whose total 
assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) represent not less than 10 
per cent. of the consolidated revenues or, as the case may be, consolidated total assets of the Guarantor 
and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to the then 
latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of the Subsidiary and the 
then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Guarantor and its consolidated Subsidiaries; or 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a Subsidiary 
of the Guarantor which immediately before the transfer is a Principal Subsidiary. 
10 Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a 
meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or 
represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to 
amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest or Interest 
Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any premium payable on 
redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the 
method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any 
Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any 
method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the 
Optional Redemption Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to 
vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, or (vii) to modify the 
provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to 
pass the Extraordinary Resolution, or (viii) to modify or cancel the Guarantee, in which case the 
necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or at 
any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not 
they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders.

--- Page 54 ---
47 
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement: The Issuer and the Guarantor shall only permit any modification 
of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the 
Agency Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
(c) 
Substitution: The Issuer, or any previous substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and the 
Coupons, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor (the “Substitute”), provided that no payment 
in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made by 
a deed poll (the “Deed Poll”), to be substantially in the form exhibited to the Agency Agreement, and 
may take place only if (i) the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each 
Noteholder and Couponholder against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge which is 
imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute’s residence 
for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note or Coupon and which 
would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution, (ii) where the 
Substitute is not the Guarantor, the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Notes and the 
Coupons shall be unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantor by means of the Deed Poll, (iii) all action, 
conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of any necessary 
consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Notes and Coupons represent valid, legally binding and 
enforceable obligations of the Substitute and in the case of the Deed Poll of the Guarantor have been 
taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect, (iv) the Substitute shall have become party to 
the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original 
party to it, (v) legal opinions addressed to the Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of the 
Fiscal Agent) from a lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice in each jurisdiction 
referred to in (i) above, in Curaçao and in England as to the fulfilment of the preceding conditions of 
this paragraph (c) and (vi) the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of such substitution 
to the Noteholders, stating that copies of all documents in relation to the substitution which are referred 
to above, or which might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, will be available 
for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents following the execution or delivery of 
such documents and, in any event, from the effective date of the substitution. References in Condition 9 
to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations under the Deed Poll, and, where 
the Deed Poll contains a guarantee, the events listed in Condition 9 shall be deemed to include that 
guarantee not being (or being claimed by the guarantor not to be) in full force and effect. 
11 Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to 
applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Notes, Coupons or Talons) or such other Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given 
to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith 
and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly 
lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, 
for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer 
in respect of such Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 55 ---
48 
12 Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references 
in these Conditions to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
13 Notices 
Notices to the holders of Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in London 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times) and so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a daily 
newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort). If any 
such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English 
language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first 
publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
14 Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any 
jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or the Guarantor or otherwise) by any 
Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer or the Guarantor 
shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to the extent of the amount 
in the currency of payment under the relevant Note or Coupon that the recipient is able to purchase with the 
amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not 
practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount 
received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note or Coupon, 
the Issuer, failing whom the Guarantor, shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any 
event, the Issuer, failing whom the Guarantor, shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such 
purchase. For the purposes of this Condition, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the 
case may be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These 
indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s other 
obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any 
indulgence granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any 
other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or 
Coupon or any other judgment or order. 
15 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999. 
16 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English

--- Page 56 ---
49 
law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of 
or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons including any dispute as to their existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity (a “Dispute”) and 
accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or 
Talons (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. Each of the Issuer, the Guarantor irrevocably 
submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and waives any objection to Proceedings in such 
courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum. These submissions are made for the benefit of each of the holders 
of the Notes, Coupons and Talons and, to the extent allowed by law, shall not affect the right of any of 
them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings 
in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether 
concurrently or not). 
(c) 
Service of Process: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably appoints Schlumberger plc of 
Schlumberger House, Buckingham Gate, Gatwick Airport, West Sussex, RH6 0NZ, United Kingdom as 
their agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in 
England. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to such process agent (whether or not, it 
is forwarded to and received by the Issuer or the Guarantor). If for any reason such process agent ceases 
to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in London, each of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and shall immediately notify Noteholders of 
such appointment in accordance with Condition 13. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to 
notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in any 
manner permitted by law.

--- Page 57 ---
50 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
1 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, the Global Notes will be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing the Global 
Notes with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, 
or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
Global notes which are issued in CGN form may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to a Common Depositary. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also 
indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either 
be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit 
each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed 
and paid. If the Global Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from 
time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing 
system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a 
statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes 
that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
2 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system 
(“Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note must look solely to 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share 
of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising 
under the Global Notes, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons shall have 
no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are 
represented by such Global Note and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer 
of such Global in respect of each amount so paid. 
3 
Exchange

--- Page 58 ---
51 
a. 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so provided in the relevant Final 
Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
b. 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
(a) if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or (b) if principal in 
respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent of its 
election for such exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued 
in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified 
Denominations. 
c. 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions for Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due. 
d. 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note may surrender 
such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of 
the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer will 
(i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure 
the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or 
that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, 
endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the 
case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal 
aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes, or if the Global Note is 
a NGN, the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the 
relevant clearing system. In this Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, 
the definitive Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to 
them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). 
Definitive Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange 
requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On 
exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it 
is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes.

--- Page 59 ---
52 
e. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, 
or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which 
the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is 
located. 
4 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes and permanent Global Notes contain provisions that apply to the Notes that they 
represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this Prospectus. 
The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
a. 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for 
an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules before the 
Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented 
by a Global Note in CGN form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further 
payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the 
Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, 
which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the 
Notes. If the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and in the case of payments of principal, 
the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system and represented 
by the Global Note will be reduced accordingly. Payments under the NGN will be made to its holder. 
Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the 
entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. 
b. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case 
of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7). 
c. 
Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note shall (unless such permanent Global Note represents only one 
Note) be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of 
Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having 
one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. 
d. 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to 
be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the 
relevant permanent Global Note.

--- Page 60 ---
53 
e. 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any of their respective subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future 
payments of interest (if any) thereon. 
f. 
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within the 
time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the notice 
shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an 
option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer 
is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a 
clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system (as the case may be) and shall be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion. 
g. 
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying 
Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which 
the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is 
exercised and at the same time, where the Global Note is a CGN, presenting the permanent Global Note 
to the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. Where the 
Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in 
the records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records 
will be reduced accordingly. 
h. 
NGN Nominal Amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances 
set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry 
being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
i. 
Events of Default 
The Permanent Global Note provides that the holder may cause the Permanent Global Note or a portion 
of it to become due and payable in the circumstances described in Condition 9 by stating in the notice 
to the Fiscal Agent the principal amount of Notes which is being declared due and payable. If principal 
in respect of any Note is not paid when due and payable, the holder of the Permanent Global Note may 
elect that the Permanent Global Note becomes void as to a specified portion and that the persons entitled 
to such portion as accountholders with a clearing system acquire direct enforcement rights against the 
Issuer under further provisions of the Permanent Global Note executed by the Issuer as a deed poll.

--- Page 61 ---
54 
j. 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for 
publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global 
Note, except that so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market 
and the rules of that exchange so require, notices shall also be published either on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort). 
k. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of any nominee for a clearing system, then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) 
in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise 
require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which the Special Quorum was 
satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons 
whether or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by accountholders 
in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or, where the accountholders hold 
any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction 
by the person for whom such entitlement is ultimately beneficially held, whether such beneficiary 
holds directly with the accountholder or via one or more intermediaries and provided that, in each 
case, the Issuer obtained commercially reasonable evidence to ascertain the validity of such 
holding and have taken reasonable steps to ensure that such holding does not alter following the 
giving of such consent or instruction. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on 
all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be 
defective. As used in this paragraph, “commercially reasonable evidence” includes any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system, or issued by an accountholder of them or an intermediary in a holding chain, in 
relation to the holding of interests in the Notes. Any such certificate or other document shall, in 
the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or 
other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided 
by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s 
CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder 
of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the 
amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted 
as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be 
issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 62 ---
55 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
Legal Status 
Schlumberger Finance B.V. (“SFBV” or the “Issuer”) is a private company with limited liability (besloten 
vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid), incorporated in the Netherlands on 15 August 2001 under the 
laws of the Netherlands, having its seat (statutaire zetel) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and registered with the 
Trade Register under number 27243825 for an indefinite duration. SFBV has its corporate seat in The Hague, 
the Netherlands and has its registered address at Parkstraat 83, 2514 JG The Hague, the Netherlands and its 
telephone number is +31 70 3105400. The legislation under which SFBV operates is the Dutch Civil Code. 
Activities 
The principal activity of the Issuer is to finance the business operations of the Schlumberger group (the 
“Schlumberger Group”) outside North America. In order to achieve its objectives, the Issuer raises funds 
primarily by issuing debt instruments in the capital and money markets, benefiting from a guarantee from its 
ultimate parent company, Schlumberger Limited. 
Organisational Structure and Dependence 
SFBV is part of Schlumberger Group and is fully and directly owned by Schlumberger B.V. (“SLBV”), a 
company incorporated in the Netherlands, which is itself fully and directly owned by the Guarantor. The Issuer 
has no subsidiaries. 
Auditors 
The independent auditors of SFBV are BDO Audit & Assurance B.V., Amstelveen whose office is located at 
Krijgsman 9, 1186 DM Amstelveen, the Netherlands. The auditor signing on behalf of BDO Audit & Assurance 
B.V. is a member of the NBA (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants (The Royal 
Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants)). 
Management 
SFBV has two directors: Mr. David Bartsch (Managing Director, Finance Controller) and Ms. Eileen Hardell 
(Managing Director, Managing Counsel Corporate). The business address of both the directors is Parkstraat 83, 
2514 JG The Hague, the Netherlands. 
No Potential Conflicts of Interest 
SFBV is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to SFBV of the directors stated above 
and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 63 ---
56 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
History 
Schlumberger Limited, the Issuer’s ultimate parent company, was founded in 1926 and was incorporated in the 
former Netherlands Antilles on 6 November 1956 for an unlimited duration with company number 1674 and is 
currently operating under Curaçao law. Pursuant to its Articles of Incorporation, Schlumberger Limited uses 
the name “Schlumberger N.V.” in connection with transactions in Curaçao and is permitted to, and normally 
does, use the name “Schlumberger Limited” in connection with transactions outside Curaçao. The common 
shares of Schlumberger Limited were listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange in 1962 and in Paris 
in 1966. 
Select Organisational Structure 
Schlumberger Limited conducts its business operations around the world through numerous subsidiaries, as 
follows: Schlumberger Holdings Corporation, a company incorporated in the State of Delaware, through its 
subsidiaries, concentrates on business in the United States; Schlumberger B.V., through its subsidiaries (other 
than Schlumberger Holdings Corporation), concentrates on business in Europe; and Schlumberger Oilfield 
Holdings Limited, a British Virgin Islands company, through its subsidiaries, concentrates on business in the 
rest of the world. For a description of how Schlumberger Group manages its worldwide business through its 
business segments, see “Business” immediately below. 
Business 
Schlumberger Group is a technology provider that partners with customers to access energy by providing 
leading digital solutions and deploying innovative technologies to enable performance and sustainability for 
the global energy industry. Schlumberger Group collaborates to create technology that unlocks access to energy 
for the benefit of all. As of 31 December 2020, Schlumberger Group employed approximately 86,000 people 
representing more than 160 nationalities. Schlumberger Group, which generates revenue in more than 120 
countries, has executive offices in Paris, Houston, London and The Hague. The Guarantor’s registered office is 
at Johan van Walbeeckplein 11, Curaçao and its telephone number at that location is +59 99465 2002.  
In the year ended 31 December 2020, Schlumberger Group had total revenue of USD 23.60 billion and net loss 
of USD 10.49 billion (31 December 2019: USD 32.92 billion and net loss of USD 10.11 billion), respectively. 
Total assets as at 31 December 2020 were USD 42.43 billion (31 December 2019: USD 56.31 billion). The 
Schlumberger Group’s non-United States operations accounted for approximately 81 per cent. of consolidated 
revenue in 2020, 72 per cent. of consolidated revenue in 2019 and 68 per cent. in 2018. 
For the nine-months ended 30 September 2021, Schlumberger Group had total revenue of USD 16.70 billion 
and net income of USD 1.32 billion (for the nine-month period ended 30 September 2020: USD 18.07 billion 
and net loss of USD 10.87 billion). Total assets as at 30 September 2021 were USD 41.04 billion (30 September 
2020: USD 44.07 billion). 
During 2020, Schlumberger Group restructured its organisation in order to prepare for a changing industry 
future. This new structure is aligned with customer workflows and is directly linked to Schlumberger Group’s 
corporate strategy, a key element of which is customer collaboration. 
The new organisation consists of four divisions (the “Divisions”) that combine and integrate Schlumberger 
Group’s technologies, enhancing the portfolio of capabilities that support the emerging long-term growth 
opportunities in each of these market segments. 
The four Divisions are: 
 
Digital & Integration

--- Page 64 ---
57 
 
Reservoir Performance 
 
Well Construction 
 
Production Systems 
The role of the Divisions is to support Schlumberger Group in executing its customer-centric performance 
strategy and maintaining its industry leadership role in technology development and services integration. The 
Divisions are collectively responsible for driving performance throughout their respective business lines; 
overseeing operational processes, resource allocation and personnel; and delivering superior financial results. 
Digital & Integration – Combines Schlumberger Group’s software and seismic businesses with its integrated 
offering of Asset Performance Solutions (“APS”). APS helps develop or redevelop fields while increasing 
production, improving cash flow, and extending recovery for customers by providing fit-for-purpose solutions. 
Through digital solutions and technologies, supported by the future of software, digital, infrastructure, 
connected assets, and data, this Division enhances efficiency to improve asset and enterprise-wide performance 
for customers. 
The primary offerings comprising this Division are: 
 
Multiclient seismic surveys and data processing: WesternGeco® is a leading geophysical services 
supplier, providing comprehensive worldwide reservoir interpretation and data processing services. It 
provides a highly efficient and scientifically advanced imaging platform to its customers. Through access 
to the industry’s global marine fleet, it provides innovative and accurate subsurface imagery for 
multiclient surveys. WesternGeco offers one of the industry’s most extensive multiclient libraries. 
 
Digital solutions: Includes proprietary software, an expanding digital ecosystem, consulting services, 
information management and IT infrastructure services to customers in the energy industry. Offers expert 
consulting services for reservoir characterization, field development planning and production 
enhancement, as well as industry-leading petrotechnical data services and training solutions. 
 
Asset Performance Solutions: APS offers an integrated business model for field production projects. 
This model combines Schlumberger Group’s services and products with drilling rig management and 
specialized engineering and project management expertise, to provide a complete solution to well 
construction and production improvement. 
APS creates alignment between Schlumberger Group and the asset holder and/or the operator by Schlumberger 
Group receiving remuneration in line with its value creation. These projects are generally focused on developing 
and co-managing production of customer assets under long-term agreements. Schlumberger Group invests its 
own services and products and, in certain historical cases, cash into the field development activities and 
operations. Although in certain arrangements Schlumberger Group is paid for a portion of the services or 
products it provides, generally Schlumberger Group will not be paid at the time of providing its services or 
upon delivery of its products. Instead, Schlumberger Group is generally compensated based on cash flow 
generated or on a fee-per-barrel basis. This includes certain arrangements whereby Schlumberger Group is only 
compensated based on incremental production that it helps deliver above a mutually agreed baseline. 
Reservoir Performance – Consists of reservoir-centric technologies and services that are critical to optimizing 
reservoir productivity and performance. Reservoir Performance develops and deploys innovative technologies 
and services to evaluate, intervene, and stimulate reservoirs that help customers understand subsurface assets 
and maximize their value. 
The primary offerings comprising this Division are:

--- Page 65 ---
58 
 
Wireline: Provides the information necessary to evaluate subsurface geology and fluids to plan and 
monitor well construction and to monitor and evaluate well production. Offers both openhole and cased-
hole services, including wireline logging and perforating. 
 
Testing: Provides exploration and production pressure and flow-rate measurement services both at the 
surface and downhole. Testing has a network of laboratories that conduct formation and fluid 
characterization. 
 
Stimulation and Intervention: Provides services used during well completions, as well as those used to 
maintain optimal production throughout the life of a well. Includes pressure pumping, well stimulation, 
and coiled tubing equipment for downhole mechanical well intervention, reservoir monitoring, and 
downhole data acquisition. 
On 31 December 2020, Schlumberger Group contributed its onshore hydraulic fracturing business in the United 
States and Canada (“OneStim®”), including its pressure pumping, pumpdown perforating, and Permian frac 
sand businesses, to Liberty Oilfield Services Inc. (“Liberty”), in exchange for a 37% equity interest in Liberty. 
OneStim’s historical results were reported as part of the Reservoir Performance Division through the closing 
of the transaction. 
Well Construction – Combines the full portfolio of products and services to optimize well placement and 
performance, maximize drilling efficiency, and improve wellbore assurance. Well Construction provides 
operators and drilling rig manufacturers with services and products related to designing and constructing a well. 
The primary offerings comprising this Division are: 
 
Drilling & Measurements: Provides mud logging services for geological and drilling surveillance, 
directional drilling, measurement-while-drilling and logging-while-drilling services for all well profiles 
as well as engineering support. 
 
Drilling Fluids: Supplies individually engineered drilling fluid systems that improve drilling 
performance and maintain well control and wellbore stability throughout the drilling operation. 
 
Drill Bits: Designs, manufactures and markets roller cone and fixed cutter drill bits for all environments. 
 
Drilling Tools: Includes a wide variety of bottom-hole-assembly and borehole-enlargement technologies 
for drilling operations. 
 
Well Cementing: Supports and protects well casings while isolating fluid zones and maximizing wellbore 
activity. 
 
Integrated Well Construction: Provides integrated solutions to construct or change the architecture (re-
entry) of wells, including well planning, well drilling, engineering, supervision, logistics, procurement 
and contracting of third parties, and drilling rig management. 
 
Rigs and Equipment: Provides drilling equipment and services for shipyards, drilling contractors, energy 
companies and rental tool companies, as well as land drilling rigs and related services. Drilling 
equipment falls into two broad categories: pressure control equipment and rotary drilling equipment. 
These products are designed for either onshore or offshore applications and include drilling equipment 
packages, blowout preventers (“BOPs”), BOP control systems, connectors, riser systems, valves and 
choke manifold systems, top drives, mud pumps, pipe handling equipment, rig designs and rig kits. 
Production Systems – Develops technologies and provides expertise that enhance production and recovery 
from subsurface reservoirs to the surface, into pipelines, and to refineries. Production Systems provides a 
comprehensive portfolio of equipment and services including subsurface production systems, subsea and 
surface equipment and services, and midstream production systems.

--- Page 66 ---
59 
The primary offerings comprising this Division are: 
 
Artificial Lift: Provides production equipment and optimization services using electrical submersible 
pumps, gas lift equipment, progressing cavity pumps and surface horizontal pumping systems. 
 
Completions Equipment: Supplies well completion services and equipment that include packers, safety 
valves and sand control technology, as well as a range of intelligent well completions technology and 
equipment. 
 
OneSubsea®: Provides integrated solutions, products, systems and services for the subsea market, 
including integrated subsea production systems involving wellheads, subsea trees, manifolds and 
flowline connectors, control systems, connectors and services designed to maximize reservoir recovery 
and extend the life of each field. 
 
Surface: Designs and manufactures onshore and offshore platform wellhead systems and processing 
solutions, including valves, chokes, actuators and Christmas trees, and provides services to operators. 
 
Valves: Serves portions of the upstream, midstream and downstream markets and provides valve 
products that are primarily used to control and direct the flow of hydrocarbons as they are moved from 
wellheads through flow lines, gathering lines and transmission systems to refineries, petrochemical 
plants and industrial centers for processing. 
 
Processing: Enables efficient monetization of subsurface assets using standard and custom-designed 
onshore, offshore and downstream processing and treatment systems, as well as unique, reservoir-driven, 
fit for purpose integrated production systems for accelerating first production and maximizing project 
economics. 
Supporting the Divisions is a global network of research and engineering centers, through which Schlumberger 
Group advances its technology programs to enhance industry efficiency and sustainability, lower finding and 
producing costs, improve productivity, maximize reserve recovery and increase asset value, while 
accomplishing these goals safely. 
The Divisions are deployed around a geographical structure of five basins: Americas Land, Offshore Atlantic, 
Middle East and North Africa, Asia, and Russia and Central Asia (together, the “Basins”). The Basins are a 
collection of GeoUnits, which consist of a single country to several countries, that each have common themes 
in terms of strategy, economic and operational drivers, and technology needs. With a strong focus on the 
customer and growth, the Basins are responsible for defining a Basin strategy in line with Schlumberger 
Group’s corporate strategy and identifying opportunities for future growth. 
Intellectual Property 
Schlumberger Group owns and controls a variety of intellectual property, including but not limited to patents, 
proprietary information and software tools and applications that, in the aggregate, are material to Schlumberger 
Group’s business. While Schlumberger Group seeks and holds numerous patents covering various products and 
processes, no particular patent or group of patents is material to Schlumberger Group’s business. 
Seasonality 
Seasonal changes in weather and significant weather events can temporarily affect the delivery of Schlumberger 
Group’s products and services. For example, the spring thaw in Canada and consequent road restrictions can 
affect activity levels, while the winter months in the North Sea, Russia and China can produce severe weather 
conditions that can temporarily reduce levels of activity. In addition, hurricanes and typhoons can disrupt coastal 
and offshore operations. Furthermore, customer spending patterns for multiclient data, software and other 
oilfield services and products may result in higher activity in the fourth quarter of each year as clients seek to

--- Page 67 ---
60 
fully utilize their annual budgets. Conversely, customer budget constraints may lead to lower demand for our 
services and products in the fourth quarter of each year. 
Customers 
Schlumberger Group’s primary customers are national oil companies, large integrated oil companies and 
independent operators.  
Security Ownership by Certain Beneficial Owners 
The following table sets forth information as of 31 December 2020 (except as otherwise noted) with respect to 
persons known by the Guarantor to be the beneficial owners of more than 5 per cent of the Guarantor’s common 
stock. This information is reported by such persons in their Schedule 13D and 13G filings with the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission. For each entity included in the table below, percentage ownership is 
calculated by dividing the number of shares beneficially owned by such entity by the 1,392,325,960 shares of 
Guarantor’s common stock outstanding on 31 December 2020. 
Name and Address 
Number of Shares 
Percentage of Class 
The Vanguard Group 
 
100 Vanguard Blvd. 
 
Malvern, PA 19355 
115,343,090  
8.3% 
BlackRock, Inc. 
55 East 52nd Street 
New York, NY 10055 
97,009,046  
7.0% 
State Street Corporation 
State Street Financial Center 
One Lincoln Street 
Boston, MA 02111 
80,793,825 
5.8% 
Dodge & Cox 
555 California Street, 40th Floor 
San Francisco, CA 94104 
76,557,389 
5.5% 
Executive Officers and Directors 
The following table sets forth the names and ages of the executive officers and directors of the Guarantor as of 
1 November 2021, including all offices and positions held by each for at least the past five years. Directors are 
indicated by an asterisk (“*”). 
Name 
Age 
Current Position and Five-Year Business Experience 
Olivier Le Peuch* 
58 
Chief Executive Officer and Director, since August 2019; Chief 
Operating Officer, February 2019 to July 2019; Executive Vice

--- Page 68 ---
61 
Name 
Age 
Current Position and Five-Year Business Experience 
President, Reservoir and Infrastructure, May 2018 to February 
2019; President, Cameron Group, February 2017 to May 2018; 
and President, Completions, October 2014 to January 2017. 
Khaled Al Mogharbel 
50 
Executive Vice President, Geographies, since July 2020; 
Executive Vice President, Operations, April 2019 to June 2020; 
Executive Vice President, Eastern Hemisphere, February 2019 
to March 2019; President, Eastern Hemisphere, May 2017 to 
January 2019; and President, Drilling Group, July 2013 to April 
2017. 
Stephane Biguet 
53 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, since 
January 2020; Vice President, Finance, December 2017 to 
January 2020; Vice President, Treasurer, December 2016 to 
November 2017; Vice President, Controller, November 2013 to 
December 2016. 
Ashok Belani 
63 
Executive Vice President, Schlumberger New Energy, since 
February 2020; and Executive Vice President Technology, 
January 2011 to January 2020.  
Hinda Gharbi 
51 
Executive Vice President, Services and Equipment, since July 
2020; Executive Vice President, Reservoir and Infrastructure, 
February 2019 to June 2020; Vice President, Human 
Resources, May 2018 to January 2019; President, Reservoir 
Characterization Group, June 2017 to May 2018; and 
President, Wireline, July 2013 to May 2017. 
Abdellah Merad 
47 
Executive Vice President, Performance Management, since 
May 2019; President NAL Production Group, May 2018 to 
April 2019, President, Production Group, October 2017 to 
May 2018; Vice President, Controller, Operations, December 
2016 to September 2017; and Vice President, Global Shared 
Services Organization, November 2013 to December 2016. 
Katharina Beumelburg 
54 
Chief Strategy and Sustainability Officer, since May 2021; 
Senior Vice President, Transmission Service, Siemens 
Energy, Siemens AG, April 2020 to May 2021; Executive 
Vice President, Strategy, Siemens Gas and Power, Siemens 
AG, November 2016 to April 2020.  
Howard Guild 
50 
Chief Accounting Officer, since July 2005. 
Demosthenis Pafitis 
54 
Chief Technology Officer, since February 2020; Senior Vice 
President, Schlumberger 4.0 Platforms, from December 2017 
to 
January 
2020; 
and Vice 
President, 
Engineering,

--- Page 69 ---
62 
Name 
Age 
Current Position and Five-Year Business Experience 
Manufacturing and Sustaining, September 2014 to December 
2017. 
Dianne Ralston 
54 
Chief Legal Officer, since December 2020, and Secretary, since 
April 2021; Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and 
Secretary, TechnipFMC plc, January 2017 to October 2020; 
and Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, 
FMC Technologies, Inc., January 2015 to January 2017. 
Pierre Chereque 
66 
Vice President and Director of Taxes, since June 2017; and 
Director of Taxes, Operations, July 2004 to May 2017. 
Kevin Fyfe 
48 
Vice President and Controller, since October 2017; Controller, 
Cameron Group, April 2016 to October 2017; and Vice 
President, Finance, OneSubsea, July 2013 to March 2016. 
Claudia Jaramillo 
49 
Vice President and Treasurer, since December 2017; ERM and 
Treasury Projects Manager, July 2017 to November 2017; and 
Controller, North America Area, July 2014 to July 2017. 
Vijay Kasibhatla 
58 
Director, Mergers and Acquisitions, since January 2013. 
Gavin Rennick 
47 
Vice President, Human Resources, since February 2019; 
President, Software Integrated Solutions, January 2017 to 
February 2019; and M&A/Integration Manager, Cameron 
International, September 2015 to January 2017. 
Peter J. Coleman* 
61 
Peter J. Coleman has been an independent director of the 
Guarantor since July 2021. Coleman is the former chief 
executive officer, executive director and managing director of 
Woodside Petroleum Ltd., having served in that role from 2011 
until his retirement in June 2021. Since 2012, he has been an 
adjunct professor of corporate strategy at the University of 
Western Australia Business School.  
Patrick de La Chevardière* 
64 
Patrick de La Chevardière has been an independent director of 
the Guarantor since 2019. From 2008 until his retirement in 
August 2019, de La Chevardière served as chief financial 
officer of Total S.A., a French multinational integrated oil and 
gas company, and as a member of its executive committee. 
Since June 2020, de La Chevardière has also served as a 
member and chairman of the audit committee of the 
supervisory board of Michelin, a French multinational tire 
manufacturer. 
Miguel M. Galuccio* 
53 
Miguel M. Galuccio has been a non-executive director of the 
Guarantor since 2017. Galuccio is the chairman and chief 
executive officer of Vista Oil & Gas, an oil and gas company

--- Page 70 ---
63 
Name 
Age 
Current Position and Five-Year Business Experience 
incorporated in Mexico, and has held that position since July 
2017. From 2012 to March 2016, he was the chairman and 
chief executive officer of YPF, Argentina’s national oil 
company.  
Samuel Leupold* 
51 
Samuel Leupold has been an independent director of the 
Guarantor since April 2021. Leupold served as chief executive 
officer of Ørsted Wind Power A/S, the principal subsidiary 
Ørsted AS, from 2013 to March 2018, where he led Ørsted 
Wind Power to become the world’s leading developer and 
owner of offshore wind assets. In addition, since May 2019, 
Leupold has been chairman of wind energy at Green 
Investment Group, a leading global green infrastructure 
investor owned by the Macquarie Group, and served as an 
independent senior advisor on energy and infrastructure. Since 
May 2020, Leupold has been an independent non-executive 
member of the board at Enel SpA, one of Europe’s largest 
utilities focused on sustainability and the energy transition. 
Tatiana A. Mitrova* 
47 
Tatiana A. Mitrova has been an independent director of the 
Guarantor since 2018. She has been the director of the Energy 
Centre of the Moscow School of Management SKOLKOVO, a 
graduate business school, since February 2017. She has also 
been the head of research in the Oil and Gas Department in the 
Energy Research Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences 
since 2011, a visiting professor at the Paris School of 
International Affairs (PSIA), part of the Paris Institute of 
Political Studies, since 2014, and an assistant professor at the 
Gubkin Russian State University of Oil and Gas since 2008. 
Mitrova was a visiting researcher at the King Abdullah 
Petroleum Studies and Research Center from April 2016 to 
April 2017. Mitrova has been a member of the board of 
directors of PAO Novatek, a Russian independent natural gas 
producer, since April 2020, and is chairman of its strategy 
committee and a member of its audit committee and 
compensation and nomination committee. She was a member 
of the board of directors of Unipro PJSC from 2014 to 
December 2017 and was a member of the appointment and 
remuneration committees. 
Maria Moræus Hanssen* 
56 
Maria Moræus Hanssen has been an independent director of 
the Guarantor since October 2020. She served as chief 
operating officer and deputy chief executive officer of 
Wintershall Dea GmbH, a German-based oil and gas producer, 
from May 2019 to December 2019, following the merger 
between DEA Deutsche Erdoel AG (DEA) and Wintershall 
Holding GmbH. Prior to that, she served as Chief Executive

--- Page 71 ---
64 
Name 
Age 
Current Position and Five-Year Business Experience 
Officer of DEA from January 2018 until April 2019. Before 
joining DEA, she served as chief executive officer of ENGIE 
E&P International SA and head of the E&P business unit for 
the ENGIE Group in Paris from 2015 to December 2017. She 
also has served on the boards of Scandinavian public 
companies Alfa Laval AB since April 2019 and Scatec Solar 
ASA since April 2020. She previously served as deputy 
chairman and leader of the audit committee of Yara 
International ASA from 2015 to May 2019. 
Vanitha Narayanan* 
62 
Vanitha Narayanan has been an independent director of the 
Guarantor since October 2021. In 2020, Narayanan retired after 
a career spanning three decades at IBM, where she held senior 
executive positions with responsibility for digital businesses in 
the United States, Asia-Pacific and India regions. These roles 
included serving as Chairman of IBM India from January 2017 
to March 2018 and as Managing Director of IBM India from 
2013 to 2016, and most recently as Managing Director for a 
strategic telecommunications client from April 2018 until her 
retirement. Since August 2020, she has served as a director of 
Renew Power, one of the largest renewable power companies 
in India, where she serves as a member of the audit committee. 
She has also served as a director of HCL Technologies since 
July 2021. 
Mark G. Papa* 
75 
Mark G. Papa has been a director of the Guarantor since 2018 
and is the independent chairman of the Schlumberger board of 
directors. From 2016 until his retirement in March 2020, he 
served as chief executive officer and chairman of Centennial 
Resource Development, Inc., an independent oil and natural 
gas producer. From 2015 to December 2019, Papa served an 
advisor to Riverstone Holdings, LLC, a private equity firm 
specializing in energy investments. Papa also served on the 
board of Oil States International, Inc., an international field 
services company, from 2001 to August 2018 and was a 
member of its compensation and nominating and corporate 
governance committees. 
Henri Seydoux* 
61 
Henri Seydoux has been an independent director of the 
Guarantor since 2009. Seydoux has been chairman and chief 
executive officer of Parrot S.A., a global wireless products 
manufacturer, since 1994. He founded Parrot S.A. in 1994 as a 
private company and took it public in 2006. From 2014 to June 
2020, he also served on the board of directors of Sigfox, a 
privately held global communications service provider. 
Jeff W. Sheets* 
63 
Jeff W. Sheets has been an independent director of the 
Guarantor since 2019. Sheets served as executive vice

--- Page 72 ---
65 
Name 
Age 
Current Position and Five-Year Business Experience 
president and chief financial officer of ConocoPhillips 
Company, a public international oil and gas company, having 
served in that role from 2010 until his retirement in February 
2016. Since December 2017, Sheets has served on the board of 
directors of Enerplus Corporation, a Canadian oil and gas 
company, where he chairs the safety and social responsibility 
committee and is a member of the audit and risk management 
and reserves committees. He also has served since January 
2018 on the board of directors of Westlake Chemical 
Corporation, an international manufacturer and supplier of 
petrochemicals and related products, where he chairs the 
nominating and governance committee and is a member of the 
audit, compensation and corporate risk committees.  
Ulrich Spiesshofer* 
57 
Ulrich Spiesshofer has been an independent director of the 
Guarantor since October 2021. He served as president and CEO 
of ABB from 2013 to 2019 and as an executive committee 
member from 2005 to 2019. Since June 2020, he has served as 
a senior advisor at The Blackstone Group L.P., and in this 
capacity he chairs the advisory board of Schenck Process and 
has been named chairman of the advisory board of Sabre 
Industries, both Blackstone portfolio companies. He has also 
served as a director of Infineon Technologies since February 
2020, where he chairs the strategy and technology committee. 
 
For the purposes hereof, the business address for each of the above officers and directors of the Guarantor is 
Schlumberger N.V. (Schlumberger Limited), 5599 San Felipe, Houston TX 77056, U.S.A. 
Potential Conflicts of Interests 
Schlumberger Group is not aware of any potential conflicts of interests between the duties to Schlumberger 
Group of the persons listed above and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 73 ---
66 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for general corporate purposes. 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 74 ---
67 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
and/or the Netherlands and/or Curaçao and/or the United States, as the case may be, as of the date of this 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law. The following summary does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own 
or dispose of the Notes. Each prospective holder or beneficial owner of Notes should consult its tax advisor as 
to the Luxembourg, the Netherlands, the United States or, as the case may be, the Curaçao, tax consequences 
of any investment in or ownership or disposition of the Notes. 
Luxembourg Taxation  
The statements herein regarding taxation in Luxembourg are based on the laws in force in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg as of the date of this Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law. The following summary 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a 
decision to purchase, own, exchange or dispose of the Notes. Each prospective holder or beneficial owner of 
Notes should consult its tax adviser as to the Luxembourg tax consequences of the ownership and disposition 
of the Notes. 
Luxembourg tax residency of the Noteholders 
A Noteholder will not become resident, or be deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg solely by reason only of 
the holding of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes. 
Withholding Tax 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and subject to certain exceptions (as described below), there is 
no Luxembourg withholding tax on payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest). 
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended, interest payments made by Luxembourg paying 
agents to Luxembourg individual residents are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding tax (the “20% 
Luxembourg Withholding Tax”). Responsibility for withholding such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg 
paying agent. 
Taxation of the Noteholders 
Luxembourg non-residents 
Luxembourg non-resident Noteholders who have neither a permanent establishment, a permanent 
representative nor a fixed base of business in Luxembourg with which the holding of the Notes is connected 
will not be liable to any Luxembourg income tax, whether they receive payments of principal, payments of 
interest (including accrued but unpaid interest), payments received upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes, 
or realise capital gains on the sale of any Notes. 
Luxembourg resident individuals 
Pursuant to the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended, Luxembourg resident individuals, acting 
in the course of their private wealth, can opt to self-declare and pay a 20 per cent. tax (the “20% Tax”) or to 
the self-applied tax, if applicable, on interest payments made by paying agents located in an EU Member State 
other than Luxembourg, or a Member State of the EEA other than a EU Member State. 
The 20% Luxembourg Withholding Tax (see “Withholding tax – Luxembourg resident individuals”) or to the 
self-applied tax represents the final tax liability on interest received for the Luxembourg individual resident 
taxpayers, receiving the interest payment in the course of their private wealth. Individual Luxembourg resident 
Noteholders receiving the interest as business income must include interest income in their taxable basis; the 
20% Luxembourg Withholding Tax levied, if applicable, will then be credited against their final income tax 
liability.

--- Page 75 ---
68 
Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders are not subject to taxation on capital gains upon the disposal of 
the Notes, unless the disposal of the Notes precedes the acquisition of the Notes or the Notes are disposed of 
within six months of the date of acquisition of these Notes. Upon redemption, exchange or sale of the Notes, 
accrued but unpaid interest will be subject to the 20% Luxembourg Withholding Tax or to the or to the self-
applied tax if the Luxembourg resident individuals opt for the 20% Tax. Individual Luxembourg resident 
Noteholders receiving the interest or realising a capital gain as business income must also include such income 
in their taxable income; the 20% Luxembourg Withholding Tax levied on interest will be credited against their 
final income tax liability, if applicable. 
Luxembourg fully taxable resident companies 
Luxembourg fully taxable resident companies Noteholders or foreign entities of the same type which have a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg with which the holding of the Notes is 
connected, must include in their taxable income any interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) and the 
difference between the sale or redemption price (received or accrued) and the lower of the cost or book value 
of the Notes when sold or redeemed. 
Luxembourg resident companies benefiting from a special tax regime 
Noteholders who are companies subject to the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies as 
amended, undertakings for collective investment subject to the law of 17 December 2010 as amended, 
specialised investment funds subject to the law of 13 February 2007 as amended or specialised investment funds 
subject to the law of February 13, 2007, as amended or reserved alternative investment funds subject to the law 
of July 23, 2016, provided it is not foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive object is the 
investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 48 of the aforementioned law of July 23, 2016 apply, are tax 
exempt entities in Luxembourg, and are thus not subject to any Luxembourg income tax (i.e., corporate income 
tax, municipal business tax and net wealth tax) other than the subscription tax calculated on their (paid up) share 
capital (and share premium) or net asset value. 
Net Wealth Tax 
Luxembourg net wealth tax in connection with the Notes, will not be levied on a corporate Noteholder, unless 
(a) such Noteholder is a Luxembourg resident other than a Noteholder governed by (i) the law of 17 December 
2010 on undertakings for collective investment as amended (ii) the law of 13 February 2007 specialised 
investment funds as amended (iii) the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds (iv) the law 
of 22 March 2004 on securitisation as amended (v) the law of 15 June 2004 on the investment company in risk 
capital as amended or (vi) the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies as amended; or (b) 
the Notes are attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on in Luxembourg by a non-resident 
company through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative. 
Other Taxes 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in Luxembourg 
by Noteholders as a consequence of the issue of the Notes, nor will any of these taxes be payable as a 
consequence of subsequent transfer, redemption or exchange of the Notes, unless the documents relating to the 
Notes are voluntarily registered in Luxembourg. 
No Luxembourg inheritance tax is levied on the transfer of the Notes upon death of a Noteholder in cases where 
the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance tax purposes. No Luxembourg gift tax is levied 
on the transfer of the Notes by way of gift unless the gift is registered in Luxembourg. 
Netherlands Taxation 
The following is intended as general information only and it does not present any comprehensive or complete 
description of all aspects of Dutch tax law which could be of relevance to a holder of Notes (a “Noteholder”). 
For Dutch tax purposes, a Noteholder may include an individual who or entity that does not have the legal title

--- Page 76 ---
69 
of the Notes, but to whom nevertheless the Notes are attributed based either on such individual or entity owning 
a beneficial interest in the Notes or based on specific statutory provisions, including statutory provisions 
pursuant to which Notes are attributed to an individual who is, or who has directly or indirectly inherited from 
a person who was, the settlor, grantor or similar originator of a trust, foundation or similar entity that holds the 
Notes. 
Prospective Noteholders should consult their tax adviser regarding the tax consequences of any purchase, 
ownership or disposal of Notes. 
The following summary is based on the Dutch tax law as applied and interpreted by Dutch tax courts and as 
published and in effect on the date hereof, without prejudice to any amendments introduced at a later date and 
implemented with or without retroactive effect. 
For the purpose of this paragraph, “Dutch Taxes” shall mean taxes of whatever nature levied by or on behalf 
of the Netherlands or any of its subdivisions or taxing authorities. The Netherlands means the part of the 
Kingdom of the Netherlands located in Europe. 
The statements below are based on the assumption that the Final Terms of any Series of Notes will not materially 
deviate from the Terms and Conditions as described in this Prospectus, in particular with regard to the Status 
of the Notes and the Guarantee. 
This summary assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm’s length. 
Where in this Netherlands taxation paragraph reference is made to a “Noteholder”, that concept includes, 
without limitation: 
(i) 
an owner of one or more Notes who in addition to the title to such Notes has an economic interest in 
such Notes; 
(ii) 
a person who or an entity that holds the entire economic interest in one or more Notes; 
(iii) 
a person who or an entity that holds an interest in an entity, such as a partnership or a mutual fund, that 
is transparent for Dutch tax purposes, the assets of which comprise one or more Notes, within the 
meaning of (i) or (ii) above; or 
(iv) 
a person who is deemed to hold an interest in the Notes, as referred to under (i) to (iii), pursuant to the 
attribution rules of Article 2.14a, of the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), 
with respect to property that has been segregated, for instance in a trust or a foundation. 
Withholding Tax 
Any payments made under the Notes including, for the avoidance of doubt, under the Guarantee, will, save for 
the exception mentioned below, not be subject to withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Dutch 
Taxes.  
The Netherlands introduced a withholding tax on interest payments which entered into effect as of 1 January 
2021. This interest withholding tax applies to interest payments made by the Issuer to affiliated entities (i) 
resident in low-tax jurisdictions designated as such by the Dutch Ministry of Finance (generally, a jurisdiction 
(a) with a corporation tax on business profits with a general statutory rate of less than 9%, or (b) a jurisdiction 
included in the EU list of non-cooperative jurisdictions), or (ii) in certain abusive situations. Generally, an entity 
is considered to be affiliated (gelieerd) to the Issuer for these purposes if such entity, either individually or as 
part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep), has a decisive influence on the Issuer’s decisions, in such 
a way that it, or the collaborating group of which it forms part, is able to determine the activities of the Issuer. 
An entity, or the collaborating group of which it forms part, that holds more than 50% of the voting rights in 
the Issuer, or in which the Issuer holds more than 50% of the voting rights, is in any event considered to be

--- Page 77 ---
70 
affiliated. An entity is also considered to be affiliated if a third party holds more than 50% of the voting rights 
both in such entity and the Issuer. 
In case payments made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes are subject to this interest withholding tax under 
the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021) as published in the Official Gazette (Staatsblad) 
Stb. 2019, 513 of 27 December 2019, the Issuer will make the required withholding of such taxes for the account 
of the relevant holder(s) of Notes without being obliged to pay additional amounts to the relevant holder(s) of 
Notes in respect of the interest withholding tax, pursuant to Condition 7 (Taxation) of the Notes. Prospective 
investors in the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to whether this interest withholding tax is relevant 
to them. 
Taxes on income and capital gains 
The summary set out in this section “Taxes on income and capital gains” applies only to a Noteholder who is 
neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purposes of Dutch income tax or 
corporation tax, as the case may be (a “Non-Resident Noteholder”). 
Individuals 
A Non-Resident Noteholder who is an individual will not be subject to any Dutch taxes on income or capital 
gains in respect of any benefits derived or deemed to be derived from the Notes, including any payment under 
the Notes and any gain realised on the disposal of the Notes, except if: 
(i) 
he derives profits from an enterprise directly, or pursuant to a co-entitlement to the net value of such 
enterprise, other than as holder of securities, which enterprise is carried on, in whole or in part, through 
a permanent establishment or a permanent representative which is taxable in the Netherlands, and his 
Notes are attributable to such enterprise; or 
(ii) 
he derives benefits or is deemed to derive benefits from the Notes that are taxable as benefits from 
miscellaneous activities in the Netherlands. 
If a Noteholder is an individual who does not fall under exception (i) above, and if he derives or is deemed to 
derive benefits from the Notes, including any payment under such Notes and any gain realised on the disposal 
thereof, such benefits are taxable as benefits from miscellaneous activities in the Netherlands if he, or an 
individual who is a connected person in relation to him as meant by Article 3.91, paragraph 2, letter b, or c, of 
the 2001 Dutch Income Tax Act, has a substantial interest in the Issuer. 
Generally, a person has a substantial interest in the Issuer if such person – either alone or, in the case of an 
individual, together with his partner (partner), if any – owns or is deemed to own, directly or indirectly, either 
a number of shares representing 5% or more of the total issued and outstanding capital (or the issued and 
outstanding capital of any class of shares) of the Issuer, or rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, shares, 
whether or not already issued, representing 5% or more of the total issued and outstanding capital (or the issued 
and outstanding capital of any class of shares) of the Issuer, or profit participating certificates relating to 5% or 
more of the annual profit of the Issuer or to 5% or more of the liquidation proceeds of the Issuer. 
A person who is entitled to the benefits from shares or profit participating certificates (for instance a holder of 
a right of usufruct) is deemed to be a holder of shares or profit participating certificates, as the case may be, and 
such person’s entitlement to such benefits is considered a share or a profit participating certificate, as the case 
may be. 
Furthermore, a Non-Resident Noteholder who is an individual and who does not fall under exception (i) above 
may, inter alia, derive, or be deemed to derive, benefits from the Notes that are taxable as benefits from 
miscellaneous activities in the following circumstances, if such activities are performed or deemed to be 
performed in the Netherlands:

--- Page 78 ---
71 
(i) 
if his investment activities exceed the activities of an active portfolio investor, for instance in the case 
of use of insider knowledge or comparable forms of special knowledge; 
(ii) 
if he makes the Notes available or is deemed to make the Notes available, legally or in fact, directly or 
indirectly, to certain parties as meant by Articles 3.91 and 3.92 of the 2001 Dutch Income Tax Act under 
circumstances described there; or 
(iii) 
if he holds the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, and any benefits to be derived from such Notes are 
intended, in whole or in part, as remuneration for activities performed or deemed to be performed in the 
Netherlands by him or by a person who is a connected person in relation to him as meant by Article 
3.92b, paragraph 5, of the 2001 Dutch Income Tax Act. 
Entities 
A Non-Resident Noteholder other than an individual will not be subject to any Dutch taxes on income or capital 
gains in respect of benefits derived or deemed to be derived from the Notes, including any payment under the 
Notes and any gain realised on the disposal of the Notes, except if 
(i) 
such Non-Resident Noteholder derives profits from an enterprise directly, or pursuant to a co- 
entitlement to the net value of such enterprise, other than as a holder of securities, which enterprise is 
either managed in the Netherlands or carried on, in whole or in part, through a permanent establishment 
or a permanent representative which is taxable in the Netherlands, and its Notes are attributable to such 
enterprise; or 
(ii) 
such Non-Resident Noteholder has a substantial interest (as described above under Individuals) or a 
deemed substantial interest in the Issuer and this substantial interest is held with the principal objective 
(or one of the principal objectives) to avoid income tax at another person and, at the same time, it is 
deemed to be an artificial arrangement or a set of artificial arrangements. 
A deemed substantial interest may be present if its shares, profit participating certificates or rights to acquire 
shares in the Issuer are held or deemed to be held following the application of a non-recognition provision. 
Residency 
Subject to the above, a Non-Resident Noteholder will not become resident, or deemed resident, in the 
Netherlands for tax purposes, or become subject to income taxation in the Netherlands by reason only of the 
execution and/or enforcement of the documents relating to the issue of the Notes or the performance by the 
Issuer of its obligations under such documents or under the Notes. 
Gift and inheritance taxes 
If a Noteholder disposes of the Notes by way of gift, in form or in substance, or if a Noteholder who is an 
individual dies, no Dutch gift tax or Dutch inheritance tax, as applicable, will be due, unless: 
(i) 
the donor is, or the deceased was resident or deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for purposes of 
Dutch gift tax or Dutch inheritance tax, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
the donor made a gift of the Notes, then became a resident or deemed resident of the Netherlands, and 
died as a resident or deemed resident of the Netherlands within 180 days of the date of the gift. 
For purposes of the above, a gift of the Notes made under a condition precedent is deemed to be made at the 
time the condition precedent is satisfied. 
Registration taxes and duties 
No Dutch registration tax, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty, other than 
court fees, is payable in the Netherlands in respect of or in connection with (i) the execution, and/or enforcement

--- Page 79 ---
72 
by legal proceedings (including the enforcement of any foreign judgment in the courts of the Netherlands) of 
the documents relating to the issue of the Notes, (ii) the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under such 
documents or under the Notes, or (iii) the transfer of the Notes. 
The Commission’s Proposal for a common FTT 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common financial transaction tax (the “FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “Participating Member States”). However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred 
to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
However, the Commission’s Proposal is still being discussed by the Participating Member States. It may 
therefore be modified at any time prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains uncertain. 
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Curaçao Taxation 
Curaçao does not impose any withholding taxes, other than an interest tax (rentebelasting) under the National 
Ordinance regulating Income Tax on Interest payments (Landsverordening regelende de inhouding van de 
inkomstenbelasting op rente-inkomen). 
To the extent payments of interest on the Notes are made to natural persons as resident tax payers (binnenlands 
belastingplichtigen) who are subject to Curaçao income tax, an interest tax (rentebelasting) of 8.5 per cent. must 
be withheld, which can then be applied against the income tax payable by such natural person. Such interest tax 
must be withheld only by banks seated in Curaçao or by other entities having a licence from the Central Bank 
of Curaçao and Sint Maarten that are financial institutions, that pay the interest or that procure payment of the 
interest directly to an accountholder (that is a resident tax payer), irrespective of whether this bank or financial 
institution is the actual debtor or has been retained by the actual debtor or the accountholder to pay the interest. 
Accordingly, no withholding on account of any Curaçao taxes is required with respect to any interest payments 
(including any payments under the Guarantee, if such is called) made to holders of Notes or on any gains 
realised by such holders upon the sale, redemption or exchange of the Notes, if such payments are directly made 
by the Fiscal Agent or, so long as the Notes are held in Global Form, through the normal procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Curaçao has withdrawn the National Ordinance on Savings Tax (Landsverordening spaarvermogensheffing) 
and introduced a new National Ordinance International Assistance when levying taxes (Landsverordening 
internationale bijstandsverlening bij de heffing van belastingen). Pursuant to the National Ordinance 
International Assistance when Levying Taxes details of payments of interest or deemed interest paid by a market 
party or paying agent within Curaçao to, or collected by such market party or paying agent for, a natural person 
in a EU Member State must be disclosed to the Curaçao tax authorities.

--- Page 80 ---
73 
Holders of Notes who are not residents of Curaçao are not subject to any Curaçao income, gift, estate or 
inheritance taxes solely by reason of their ownership of Notes. 
No stamp or other taxes will be payable in Curaçao by the Issuer or as the case may be by the Guarantor in 
connection with the issue, sale and delivery of the Notes. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes to persons that fail to 
meet certain certification or reporting requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including the Netherlands and 
Curaçao) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to intergovernmental agreements to implement FATCA 
with the United States (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and the IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, proposed 
regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two 
years after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. 
Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that 
taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final regulations. Holders should consult 
their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 81 ---
74 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Overview of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 4 
November 2021 (such Dealer Agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes 
will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved 
the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be 
resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the 
relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. 
The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer may pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes and the guarantee in respect thereof have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether the TEFRA 
C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, 
sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as 
determined, and certified to the Issuer, by the Fiscal Agent within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of such Notes, an 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms  in relation thereto to any retail investor in

--- Page 82 ---
75 
the EEA. For the purposes of this provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of “MiFID II”; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of “Insurance Distribution Directive”, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer represents and agrees that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA UK MiFIR. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Netherlands 
Bearer Zero Coupon Notes and other Notes which qualify as savings certificates as defined in the Savings Certificates 
Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) may only be transferred or accepted through the intermediary of the issuer of those 
Notes or a Member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. and with due observance of the Savings Certificates Act (including 
registration requirements). However, no such intermediary services are required in respect of (i) the initial issue of 
those Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) any transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct

--- Page 83 ---
76 
of a profession or trade, and (iii) the transfer or acceptance of those Notes, if they are physically issued outside the 
Netherlands and are not distributed in the Netherlands in the course of primary trading or immediately thereafter. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not and will not offer any Notes in the Netherlands by way of an offer of securities to 
the public except (i) if such offer is made exclusively to qualified investors (gekwalificeerde beleggers) within the 
meaning of the Dutch Act on Financial Supervision (Wet op het financieel toezicht, “AFS”), or (ii) otherwise in 
circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purpose of this provision, “Prospectus 
Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and includes any relevant implementing measure in the Netherlands, 
and “offer of securities to the public” and “qualified investors” have the meaning given to those terms in the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Dealer Agreement will be 
required to represent and agree that 
(a) 
the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
FinSA and will not be admitted to trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland; 
(b) 
neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Notes (i) constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA or (ii) has been or 
will be filed with or approved by the Swiss Review Body (or any other review body pursuant to article 
52 of the FinSA); and 
(c) 
neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Curaçao 
The Notes may not be actively marketed in Curaçao, or be sold to residents of Curaçao (including corporations 
organised under the laws thereof) unless they have obtained a licence to purchase Notes or have non-resident 
status or have been exempted from obtaining a licence under the foreign exchange control regulations of 
Curaçao. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or material in connection 
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to 
any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, 
any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:

--- Page 84 ---
77 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final 
Terms issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering 
of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final 
Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes the Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer, the Guarantor 
nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore.

--- Page 85 ---
78 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below: 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[s’/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[s’/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been

--- Page 86 ---
79 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an 
offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) 
of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]1 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Schlumberger Finance B.V. with its corporate seat in The Hague, the Netherlands 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5299003L3TGTOIYBX911 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by Schlumberger Limited 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 213800ZUA17OK3QLGM62 
under its 
€5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus dated 4 November 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the 
Prospectus dated [date]] ([together,] the “Prospectus”) which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The 
Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on the following websites: 
https://www.slb.com/bvprospectus  and at www.bourse.lu.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.] 
1 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii)] 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series 
Not Applicable / The Notes shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the existing [insert issue amount] Notes due [insert maturity 
date] issued by the Issuer on [insert issue date]/Issue 
Date/Exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests in 
the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 21 
                                                          
1 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer should consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 
309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 87 ---
80 
below [which is expected to occur on or about [insert date 
(the “Exchange Date”)]]. 
2 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5 
(i) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[●]2&3 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●]4 
6 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate - specify date/ Floating rate - Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to [specify month]] 
8 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] month [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] +/– [●] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(Further particulars specified in paragraph [13]/[14]/[15] 
below) 
9 
Redemption Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date [100]/[●] 
per cent of their nominal amount 
(N.B. In the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes the 
redemption must be at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount 
and for all Notes the redemption amount will never be lower 
than 100 per cent. of their nominal amount) 
10 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed or floating rate occurs or 
cross refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 below and identify there] 
                                                          
2 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 19 the FSMA and which have a maturity of less than one year must have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
3 
Where multiple denominations above €100,000 or equivalent are being used the following sample wording should be followed: “[€100,000] 
and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”) 
4 
The applicable Calculation Amount (which is used for the calculation of interest and redemption amounts) will be (i) if there is only one 
Specified Denomination, the Specified Denomination of the relevant Notes or (ii) if there are several Specified Denominations or the 
circumstances referred to in Note 3 above apply (e.g. Specified Denominations of €100,000 and multiples of €1,000), the highest common 
factor of those Specified Denominations (note: there must be a common factor in the case of two or more Specified Denominations). If 
“Calculation Amount” is to be used in the Final Terms, corresponding references to the Calculation Amount for interest, put and call options 
and redemption amount calculation purposes should be included in the terms and conditions set out in the base prospectus. Note that a 
Calculation Amount of less than 1,000 units of the relevant currency may result in practical difficulties for paying agents and/or ICSDs who 
should be consulted if such an amount is proposed.

--- Page 88 ---
81 
[Not Applicable] 
11 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call Option] 
[Issuer Make Whole Option] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph [17][18] below)] 
12 
[(i)] [Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes [and Guarantee] 
obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]/[Not Applicable]] 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes or related 
Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year] [Not Applicable] (Only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such case insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon.) 
14 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/not subject

--- Page 89 ---
82 
to adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (v) below 
is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii)   
Effective Interest 
Payment Date: 
[The date falling [●] Business Days following each Interest 
Payment Date, provided that the Effective Interest Payment 
Date with respect to the last Interest Period will be the 
Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes 
before the Maturity Date, the date fixed for redemption 
(include for Payment Delay only)]5/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment 
Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date: 
[●] 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment Date) 
 
(vi) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable] 
(For Payment Delay, always specify a Business Day 
Convention) 
 
(vii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to interest period end dates 
and not the date and place of payments to which paragraph 
23 relates) 
 
(viii) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Agent): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
– Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Insert only if Index Determination is not applicable 
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[●] month [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] 
 
 
– Reference Bank(s): 
[●] 
 
 
– Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
 
 
– Relevant Time: 
[[●] in the Relevant Financial Centre]/[Not Applicable]6 
                                                          
5 
Effective Interest Payment Dates should be at least 5 Business Days after the Interest Payment Dates, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent.   
6 
Select “Not Applicable” for SONIA, SOFR or €STR.

--- Page 90 ---
83 
 
 
– Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]/[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the first day 
of each Interest Period]/ [First day of each Interest 
Period]/[The [first, second, third etc.] Business Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date for each 
Interest Period (or immediately preceding such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes are due and payable).][provide 
details]/[The Interest Payment Date at the end of each Interest 
Period; provided that the Interest Determination Date with 
respect to the last Interest Period prior to the Maturity Date or 
the date fixed for redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date - 
Include this wording for Payment Delay only]]7  
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] / [Not Applicable]   
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure 
it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
 
– Calculation Method: 
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily/Not Applicable] 
 
 
– Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
– Observation Look-
back Period: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]8 
 
 
– D: 
[365/360/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
– Rate Cut-off Date: 
[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date 
or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable - used for 
Payment Delay only]9/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Insert only if Index Determination is applicable 
 
 
– SONIA Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
– SOFR Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
– Interest Determination 
Date: 
[●]/[The day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or such other date 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which, by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions, is excluded from the relevant Interest Period)] 
                                                          
7 
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR or €STR, without the 
prior agreement of the Fiscal Agent. 
8 
The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the Interest Determination 
Date. “Observation Look-back Period” is only applicable where “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is selected as the Observation Method; 
otherwise, select “Not Applicable”. 
9 
The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business Days before the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, unless otherwise agreed 
with the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 91 ---
84 
 
 
– Relevant Decimal       
Place: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions]10 
 
 
– Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
 
– Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based opinion, the first day of the 
interest period) 
 
(xii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
 
– Applicable Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] / [Actual/360] / [Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16 
Notice periods for Condition 5(c): 
Minimum period: [●] days / [Not Applicable] 
Maximum period: [●] days / [Not Applicable] 
                                                          
10 This should be a number that is five or greater where Compounded Daily SONIA is applicable and two or greater where Compounded Daily 
SOFR is applicable.

--- Page 92 ---
85 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of 5 business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
17 
Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [●] days / [Not Applicable] 
Maximum period: [●] days / [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of 5 business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
18 
Issuer Make Whole Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Margin: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Bond 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Reference Dealers: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Determination Time: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
19 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Residual Maturity Call 
Option Date: 
[●] 
20 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 93 ---
86 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [●] days / [Not Applicable] 
Maximum period: [●] days / [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of 15 business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
21 
Final Redemption Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
22 
Early Redemption Amount: 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per [●] Calculation Amount 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default or other early redemption: 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23 
Form of Notes11: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[●] days’ notice] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in the “Form 
of the Notes” section in the Prospectus and the Notes 
themselves. N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes language 
substantially to the following effect: “[€100,000] and integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].” Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of Notes 
which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
24 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] / [No] 
25 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
                                                          
11The exchange upon notice/at any time options should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denominations of the Notes in paragraph 
5 includes language that reflects the circumstances referred to in Note 2 above (for example Specified Denominations of €100,000 and 
multiples of €1,000).

--- Page 94 ---
87 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which sub-
paragraphs 14(vi) relates) 
26 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes (as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, Talons 
may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, more than 
27 coupon payments are still to be made)/No]

--- Page 95 ---
88 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). [Each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Schlumberger Finance B.V.: 
 
By: ............................................ 
 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Schlumberger Limited: 
 
By: ............................................. 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 96 ---
89 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Admission to trading 
and listing: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be listed [on the Official List] and admitted to 
trading on [the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] [other relevant regulated market] with effect from 
[●].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be listed and admitted to trading 
on [relevant regulated market] with effect from [●].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total 
expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
[S & P: [●]] [Not Applicable] 
[Moody’s: [●]] [Not Applicable] 
[Fitch: [●]] [Not Applicable] 
[[Other]: [●]] [Not Applicable] 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.) 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as amended by Regulation (EC) No 513/2011 (the 
“CRA Regulation”). [As such [insert credit rating agency/ies] 
[is/are] included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.]] 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Not Applicable] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking

--- Page 97 ---
90 
transactions, with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and the Guarantor and their affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business.] 
4 
REASONS FOR THE ISSUE AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the issue: 
[●] 
[See [“Use of Proceeds”] in Prospectus/Give details] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5 
FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
6 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters]][Not 
applicable] 
7 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s) 
[and 
address(es)]] 
 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(v) 
Names and addresses of 
initial Paying Agent(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes][Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
[No][Note that whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during

--- Page 98 ---
91 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
8 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(vi) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; 
TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products 
or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products 
or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 99 ---
92 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to 
be admitted to the Official List and to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market. 
2 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant 
clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
3 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
4 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
the Netherlands and Curaçao in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the guarantee 
relating to the Programme. This update of the €5,000,000,000 Programme was authorised by a Resolution 
of the Board of Management of the Issuer passed on 1 November 2021 and the giving of the guarantee 
relating to the Programme by the Guarantor was authorised by a Resolution of the Board of Directors of 
the Guarantor passed on 22 July 2021. 
5 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Guarantor has been rated A2 by Moody’s and A by Standard and 
Poor’s. As per the rating services of Moody’s, obligations rated ‘A’ are judged to be “upper-medium grade 
and are subject to low credit risk”, with the modifier ‘2’ indicating that the obligation ranks in the mid-
range of its generic rating category. As per the rating services of Standard and Poor’s, obligations rated 
‘A’ are judged as “having a strong capacity to meet financial commitments, but somewhat susceptible to 
adverse economic conditions and changes in circumstances.” 
6 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer since 
31 December 2020, and in the case of the Guarantor and the Schlumberger Group, since 30 September 
2021. There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the 
Schlumberger Group since 31 December 2020. 
7 
Legal arbitration and proceedings: Other than as disclosed in (i) Note 15 (Contingencies) of the audited 
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 set forth in the Guarantor’s Form 10-K; and 
(ii) Note 9 (Contingencies) of the unaudited financial statements for the nine months ended 30 September 
2021 set forth in the Form 10-Q, neither the Issuer, the Guarantor, nor Schlumberger Group is nor has 
been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer or Guarantor is aware) during the 12 months preceding 
the date of this Prospectus which may have or has had in the recent past significant effects, in the context 
of the issue of the Notes, on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer, Schlumberger Group or 
the Guarantor. 
8 
Each Note having a maturity of more than one year, the Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code”. 
9 
There are no material contracts entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s or Guarantor’s business 
which could result in any member of Schlumberger Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued 
or the Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations to the Noteholders under the Guarantee.

--- Page 100 ---
93 
10 
Where information in this Prospectus has been sourced from third parties this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
11 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Prospectus, the following documents will be available, 
during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at 
the office of the Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
(i) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Notes, the 
Coupons and the Talons): https://www.slb.com/bvprospectus; 
(ii) 
the Deed of Covenant (including the guarantee): https://www.slb.com/bvprospectus; 
(iii) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer: https://www.slb.com/bvprospectus; 
(iv) 
the 
By-laws 
and 
Articles 
of 
Incorporation 
of 
the 
Guarantor: 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/87347/000119312516532046/d176097dex31.htm 
and 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/87347/000119312519198989/d763655dex3.htm; 
(v) 
the auditors’ reports and the audited non-consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer for the two 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
https://www.slb.com/-/media/files/bvprospectus/sfbv-annual-accounts-2020.ashx 
and 
https://www.slb.com/-/media/files/bvprospectus/sfbv-annual-accounts-2019.ashx;  
(vi) 
the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor as at 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019, and for each of the three years in the period ended 31 December 2020 and Item 
1A. Risk Factors in the 2020 Form 10-K: https://investorcenter.slb.com/static-files/9d3dfe5f-6358-
4ab0-975e-36f036cd9bb7; 
(vii) 
unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the nine months ended 
30 September 2021 contained in the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended 
30 
September 
2021: 
https://investorcenter.slb.com/static-files/49fc9fc0-2458-44d7-a98c-
f5a49e5e9aa0;  
(viii) each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on 
a regulated market within the UK or the EEA nor offered in the UK or the EEA in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be 
available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity); and 
(ix) 
a copy of this Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Prospectus or further Prospectus. 
The Issuer publishes annual non-consolidated financial statements only and does not publish consolidated 
financial statements. The Guarantor publishes annual consolidated audited financial statements and 
quarterly consolidated unaudited financial statements. The Guarantor does not publish non-consolidated 
financial statements. 
The Prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference herein and the Final Terms for Notes that are 
listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market will be published on the 
following website of the Guarantor (https://www.slb.com/bvprospectus) and the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 101 ---
94 
12 
The financial statements of the Guarantor incorporated in this Prospectus by reference to the Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 31 December 2020, and the effectiveness of internal control over 
financial reporting as of 31 December 2020 have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP an 
independent registered public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight 
Board (United States), as stated in their report incorporated herein. 
13 
The financial statements of the Issuer as of 31 December 2020 for the year then ended, prepared in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the Netherlands, incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus, have been audited by BDO Audit & Assurance B.V., as stated in their independent 
auditor’s report on those financial statements. The address of BDO Audit & Assurance B.V. is Krijgsman 
9, 1186 DM Amstelveen, The Netherlands. The auditor signing on behalf of BDO Audit & Assurance B.V. 
is a member of the Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants. The financial statements of the 
Issuer as of 31 December 2019 for the year then ended, prepared in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles in the Netherlands, incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, have been audited 
by PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V., as stated in their independent auditor’s reports on those 
financial statements. The address of PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. is Thomas R. 
Malthusstraat 5, 1066 JR Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The auditor signing on behalf of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. is a member of the Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van 
Accountants. 
14 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield. The yield of the relevant Notes, if applicable, will be stated in the Final Terms of the Notes. 
15 
The Issuer’s LEI is 5299003L3TGTOIYBX911. 
16 
The Guarantor’s LEI is 213800ZUA17OK3QLGM62. 
17 
The website of the Guarantor is https://www.slb.com/. The information on https://www.slb.com/ does not 
form part of this Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus. 
18 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their 
affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related 
derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on 
behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade 
debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities 
may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposures to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 102 ---
95 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
Parkstraat 83 
2514 JG The Hague 
The Netherlands 
 
Executive Offices of the Guarantor 
42, rue Saint Dominique 
75007 Paris 
France 
5599 San Felipe 
Houston 
TX 77056 
U.S.A. 
62 Buckingham Gate 
London SW1E 6AJ 
United Kingdom 
Parkstraat 83 
2514 JG The Hague 
The Netherlands 
 
Arranger 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
        France 
 
 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental 
Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 
(TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am 
Main 
Germany 
MUFG Securities 
(Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, 
Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98, 1077 XV 
Amsterdam The 
Netherlands 
Société Générale 
 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Standard Chartered 
Bank AG 
Taunusanlage 16 
60325 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Calculation Agent and Luxembourg Listing Agent 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg

--- Page 103 ---
96 
Legal Advisers to the Issuer and the Guarantor 
to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor as to English law 
to the Issuer as to Dutch law 
to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor as to Curaçao 
law 
Norton Rose Fulbright LLP 
3 More London Riverside 
London SE1 2AQ 
United Kingdom 
Norton Rose Fulbright LLP 
Amstelplein 1, 1096 HA 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands PO 
Box 94142, 1090 GC Amsterdam, 
the Netherlands 
STvB Advocaten 
Johan van Walbeeckplein 
11 
Curaçao 
 
Legal Advisers to the Dealers 
as to English law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
Auditors 
to the Issuer 
to the Guarantor 
BDO Audit & Assurance B.V.  
Krijgsman 9 
1186 DM Amstelveen 
The Netherlands 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
1000 Louisiana Street 
Suite 5800 
Houston, Texas 77002 
U.S.A.