--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS dated 12 April 2023 
 
 
SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC SE 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Schneider Electric SE 
(the “Company” or the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro medium term notes 
(the “Notes”).  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) in France in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. This Base Prospectus shall 
be in force for a period of 12 months as of the date set out hereunder. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for Notes issued under the Programme during a period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted 
to trading on Euronext Paris. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(a “Regulated Market”). Application may also be made to the competent authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market in such Member State. However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme 
which are not admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue 
of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be admitted to trading, and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market in the EEA on which they would be admitted 
to trading. Notes issued under the Programme will be governed by French law and may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in 
materialised form (“Materialised Notes”) as more fully described herein. Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book-entry form in compliance with Articles 
L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as specified in the relevant Final Terms save that 
the minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the 
publication of a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (given that any exemption regime, as set out in the Prospectus Regulation, could apply in 
contemplation of the relevant issue) will be at least €100,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currency at the issue date). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (a) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France (“Euroclear 
France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination 
and Title”) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”) or (b) in registered form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in 
which case they will be inscribed with the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached 
(a “Temporary Global Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for definitive 
Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th day after the issue date 
of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in “Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Notes”) upon certification as to non-US 
beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme” below) intended to be cleared through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche 
intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). 
The terms and conditions of the Notes contain a substitution provision (as described in Condition 15) allowing Schneider Electric SE at any time, at its discretion and 
without consulting the Noteholders, (subject to certain conditions) to substitute for itself as principal debtor under any Notes, a Substituted Issuer (as defined below) 
provided that, in all cases, the relevant Series of Notes are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed on first demand (garantie autonome à première demande) by 
Schneider Electric SE. 
The final terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term corporate rating of the Issuer by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) is A- (stable outlook). Tranches 
of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. S&P is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency. S&P is not established in the United 
Kingdom (the “UK”) and is not registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). The rating of S&P has been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation and has not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the risk factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus, before deciding to invest 
in the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Arranger for the Programme 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
BARCLAYS 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA SECURITIES 
CITIGROUP 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
HSBC 
J.P. MORGAN 
MUFG 
NATIXIS  
SANTANDER CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT 
BANKING

--- Page 2 ---
A50564580     0.30 
1 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This document constitutes a Base Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole 
(the “Group”) and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, contains 
the necessary information which is material to investors for making an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to 
the Notes. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any 
of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). Neither the 
delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, 
create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no 
adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer and the Group since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under the laws 
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for 
compliance by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
In considering whether to invest in Notes denominated in Renminbi (“RMB Notes”), investors should 
consult their individual tax advisers with regard to the application of People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) 
tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any other 
tax jurisdictions.  
In relation to green, social or sustainability Notes, neither the Arranger nor any Dealer makes any 
representation as to the suitability of such Notes to fulfil green, social or sustainability criteria required by 
prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any 
assessment of the eligibility criteria for eligible green projects, eligible social projects or eligible 
sustainable projects, any verification of whether such Notes meet the eligibility criteria, the monitoring of 
the use of proceeds of any Notes, or the allocation of the proceeds (or amount equal or equivalent thereto) 
by the Issuer to particular eligible green projects, eligible social projects or eligible sustainable projects. 
Each prospective investor of the Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its 
purchase of the Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Investors should 
refer to the Issuer's website, the Issuer’s relevant framework to be published on the Issuer’s website on or 
before the issue of any green, social or sustainability Notes, the second-party opinion delivered in respect 
thereof, if any, and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of the 
proceeds of any issue of green, social or sustainability Notes for further information. Any such framework 
and/or second party opinion and/or public reporting will not form part of, nor be incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus. No assurance or representation is given by any of the Dealers or the Arranger as 
to the content, suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever in respect of (i) any opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) on the Issuer’s relevant framework, 
(ii) any framework to be published on the Issuer’s website on or before the issue of any green, social or 
sustainability Notes (iii) any public reporting or (iv) any green, social or sustainability Notes. Any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers or the 
Arranger, to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the providers of

--- Page 3 ---
A50564580      
2 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. In 
addition, payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on green, social or sustainability Notes 
shall not depend on the performance of the relevant Eligible Projects (as defined in the “Reasons for the 
offer” paragraph in the relevant Final Terms), nor on the achievement of any green, social or sustainable 
objectives. None of the Arranger or the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of the 
Notes issued under the Programme.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, 
the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes 
have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) or with any securities commission or regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or, in the case of 
Materialised Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States or its possessions or to U.S. persons. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document 
required by the PRIIPS Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the

--- Page 4 ---
A50564580      
3 
Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 20181 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor" as defined in MiFID II) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer as defined in MiFID II in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 20181 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement 
entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor" as defined in UK MiFIR) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified 
before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the 
CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes 
or other charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes 
are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax 
authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. In 
particular, potential investors are warned that the tax laws of the investor’s jurisdiction or of France 
(the Issuer’s country of incorporation) might have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation 
 
1 
Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 
2023

--- Page 5 ---
A50564580      
4 
with respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are 
in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. 
A number of Member States of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial 
transactions tax (“FTT”) in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. The scope of any such 
tax is still uncertain as well as any potential timing of implementation. If the currently discussed text or 
any similar tax is adopted, transactions in the Notes could be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of 
the market for the Notes may be diminished. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their 
own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
A rating assigned to the Notes by any rating agency is based on the Issuer’s financial situation, but takes 
into account other relevant structural features of the transaction, including, inter alia, the terms of the 
Notes, and reflects only the views of the rating agency. The rating may not reflect the potential impact of 
all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this paragraph, and other factors that 
may affect the value of the Notes. The rating addresses the likelihood of full and timely payment to the 
Noteholders of all payments of interest on each interest payment date and repayment of principal on the 
final payment date. There is no assurance that any such rating will continue for any period of time or that 
they will not be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agency as a result of 
changes in or unavailability of information or if, in the rating agency’s judgement, circumstances so 
warrant. A credit rating and/or a corporate rating are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities.  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, an offer to sell, or an invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express 
or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the 
information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should 
determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of 
Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the 
Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.

--- Page 6 ---
A50564580      
5 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICE ............................................................................................................................. 1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................. 6 
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................................................... 14 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................... 27 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS .................................................................................... 32 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................... 33 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES ..... 93 
USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................................................. 94 
DESCRIPTION OF SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC SE ................................................................................. 95 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ................................................................................................................. 96 
FORM OF GUARANTEE ....................................................................................................................... 97 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE OVERVIEW OF DEALER AGREEMENT ......................................... 102 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................... 109 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................. 124 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ....... 127

--- Page 7 ---
A50564580      
6 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
All capitalised terms used and not defined in this section are defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Issuer:  
Schneider Electric SE (the “Issuer”), subject to Condition 15 
Guarantor: 
Schneider Electric SE, if there is a substitution of the Issuer (as 
described in Condition 15) 
Substituted Issuer: 
Schneider Electric SE may be replaced and substituted by any of 
its Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 15) as principal debtor 
in respect of the Notes. 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) of the 
Issuer: 
969500A1YF1XUYYXS284 
Website of the Issuer: 
https://www.se.com 
Description:  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”). 
Arranger:  
BNP Paribas 
Dealers:  
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC Continental Europe  
J.P. Morgan SE 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.  
Natixis 
Société Générale 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
“Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers 
and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in 
respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not 
been terminated) and to “Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers 
and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more 
Tranches. 
 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent 
and Calculation Agent: 
BNP Paribas 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable

--- Page 8 ---
A50564580      
7 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set out in the final 
terms to this Base Prospectus (the “Final Terms”). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity from seven days from the date of 
original issue. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in Euros, U.S. dollars, Japanese 
Yen, Swiss Francs, Sterling, RMB and in any other currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Denomination(s): 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms save that in respect of any 
Notes that are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation will be at least €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) unless an exemption applies. 
 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one denomination only. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves and (subject to such 
exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law) 
equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
Negative Pledge: 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes as set out 
in Condition 4. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Negative Pledge”. 
Events of Default: 
(including cross default) 
There will be events of default and a cross-default in respect of 
the Notes as set out in Condition 10. See “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes - Events of Default”. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating 
the redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then 
current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in Sterling) having a maturity of less than one year 
from the date of issue and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 9 ---
A50564580      
8 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed (either in whole or in 
part) prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders and, if so, the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above and “Make-
Whole Redemption by the Issuer”, “Residual Maturity Call 
Option”, “Clean-Up Call Option” and “Acquisition Event Call 
Option” below, Notes will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons as set out in 
Condition 6. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Redemption, Purchase and Options”.  
Redemption 
at 
the 
option 
of 
Noteholders following a Change of 
Control: 
If Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, following the occurrence of a Change of Control of 
Schneider Electric SE and within the Change of Control Period 
a Rating Downgrade occurs as a result of that Change of Control 
or of a Potential Change of Control, the Noteholders will be 
entitled to request the Issuer to redeem the Notes, or, at the 
Issuer’s option, procure the purchase of their Notes as set out in 
Condition 6. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
by 
the 
Issuer: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue 
of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in 
whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their 
Maturity Date at their Optional Redemption Amount multiplied 
by the relevant Specified Redemption Portion. The Optional 
Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent specified in the Final Terms and will be an 
amount rounded to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded 
upwards) being the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal 
amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then 
present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal 
and interest on the Notes from the Optional Redemption Date to 
the Maturity Date (or, as the case may be, the Residual Maturity 
Call Option Date) (not including any interest accrued on the 
Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption Date) 
discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on an 
annual basis at the Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) 
or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, 
the Optional Redemption Date. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue 
of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in 
whole or in part, at par, at any time as from the call option date, 
which shall be no earlier than (i) three months before the 
Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of not more 
than seven years or (ii) six months before the Maturity Date in 
respect of Notes having a maturity of more than seven years.

--- Page 10 ---
A50564580      
9 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms and if 75 per cent. or 
any other percentage above as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the “Clean-Up Percentage”) of the initial aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes of the same Series have been redeemed 
or purchased and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may, at its 
option, redeem the Notes in whole but not in part at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the 
date set for redemption (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
Acquisition Event Call Option: 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms and if an Acquisition 
Event occurs, the Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole or in 
part or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in whole only, 
as described in Condition 6(j) (Redemption on Acquisition 
Event). 
 
An “Acquisition Event” shall have occurred if: 
(i) 
on or prior to the Acquisition Event Limit Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer has not completed 
and closed the acquisition of the Targeted Company (as 
defined in the relevant Final Terms); or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has publicly stated that it no longer intends to 
pursue the acquisition of the Targeted Company (as 
defined in the relevant Final Terms). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest, and other revenues by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
If such a withholding or deduction is required, the Issuer will 
have to gross-up its payments to the fullest extent then permitted 
by law and subject to certain exceptions.  
See section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes-Taxation”. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different 
rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or

--- Page 11 ---
A50564580      
10 
 
(ii) by reference to €STR, EURIBOR, SOFR Benchmark or 
SONIA, 
(iii) in each case as adjusted for any applicable margin. Interest 
periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Reference Rate or the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, as the case may be. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
In no event shall the amount of interest payable (including, for 
the sake of clarity, any applicable margin) be less than zero. 
In the event where the benchmark used to calculate the interest 
payable is discontinued, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
provide a methodology to determine the successor or alternative 
rates. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will 
automatically change from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the Final 
Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at 
a discount and will not bear interest. 
Redenomination:  
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU 
which will participate in the single currency of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union may be redenominated into 
Euro, all as more fully provided in Condition 1. See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination and Title” below.  
Consolidation:  
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another 
Series as more fully provided in Condition 13. See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Further Issues and Consolidation”.  
Form of Notes:  
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form 
(“Dematerialised 
Notes”) 
or 
in 
materialised 
form 
(“Materialised Notes”).  
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued 
in bearer form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) 
and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, 
in either fully registered (au nominatif pur) or administrated 
registered (au nominatif administré) form. 
 
No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Form, Denomination and Title”. 
 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether Dematerialised 
Notes are to be issued in bearer form only or in registered 
(including 
both 
fully 
registered 
(nominatif 
pur) 
and 
administrated registered (nominatif administré)) form only.

--- Page 12 ---
A50564580      
11 
 
Materialised Notes will be issued in bearer form (“Materialised 
Bearer Notes”). A Temporary Global Certificate will be issued 
initially in respect of each Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
Substitution of the Issuer: 
The terms and conditions of the Notes contain a substitution 
provision as described in Condition 15 allowing Schneider 
Electric SE at any time, at its discretion and without consulting 
the Noteholders, (subject to certain conditions) to substitute for 
itself as principal debtor under any Notes, a Substituted Issuer 
provided that, in all cases, the relevant Series of Notes are 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed on first demand 
(garantie autonome à première demande) by Schneider Electric 
SE. 
Guarantee: 
If there is a substitution of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 15, 
Schneider Electric SE as the Guarantor will unconditionally and 
irrevocably guarantee on first demand (garantie autonome à 
première demande) the due payment of all sums expressed to be 
due and payable by the Substituted Issuer under the Notes and in 
accordance with the applicable Conditions. The obligations of 
the Guarantor in this respect will arise pursuant to a Guarantee 
which will be substantially in the form of the Form of Guarantee, 
to be executed by the Guarantor in respect of each Series of 
Notes so guaranteed (the “Guarantee”). 
See “Form of Guarantee” below. 
Governing Law:  
French law. 
Central Depositary: 
Euroclear France in relation to Dematerialised Notes. 
Clearing Systems:  
Clearstream, Euroclear or any other clearing system (provided 
proper clearing and settlement procedures have previously been 
put in place) that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the relevant Dealer in relation to Materialised Notes. 
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Dematerialised 
Notes:  
One Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre Comptable or the application 
form, as the case may be, relating to such Tranche shall be 
deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of Materialised Notes:  
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised 
Bearer Notes, the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect 
of such Tranche shall be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other clearing system or 
may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that the 
method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Issue Price:  
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.  
Listing and Admission to Trading:  
Euronext Paris and/or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. A Series of Notes may or may not be listed and admitted 
to trading.

--- Page 13 ---
A50564580      
12 
Method of Publication of this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus 
and the Final Terms related to the Notes listed and admitted to 
trading on any Regulated Market in the EEA will be published 
on the website of the Issuer (https://www.se.com). The Final 
Terms will indicate where the Base Prospectus may be obtained.  
Representation of the Noteholders: 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be 
grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests 
in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”). 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French 
Code de commerce, with the exception of Articles L.228-48, 
L.228-59, L.228-65 I, 1°, 4° and 6°, the second sentence of 
Article L.228-65 II, L.228-71, R.228-63 and R.228-69 of the 
French Code de Commerce and subject to the provisions set out 
in the Conditions of the Notes. 
The Masse will act in part through a representative 
(the “Representative”) and in part through collective decisions 
of the Noteholders. The names and addresses of the 
Representative will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of 
any Series of the Notes will be the representative of the single 
Masse of all Tranches in such Series. 
Selling Restrictions:  
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions. See “Subscription and 
Sale”.  
 
The Notes to be issued qualify under Category 2 for the purposes 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
 
Materialised Notes will be issued (i) in compliance with US 
Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended) (the “D Rules”) unless the relevant Final Terms states 
that such Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with US 
Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended) (the “C Rules”), or (ii) other than in compliance with 
the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the 
Notes will not constitute “registration required obligations” 
under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act 
of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstance will be referred to in 
the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
 
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised Notes. 
Rating:  
The long term corporate rating of the Issuer by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) is currently A- (stable 
outlook). S&P is established in the European Union and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). S&P is

--- Page 14 ---
A50564580      
13 
included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. S&P is not 
established in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) and is not 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). The 
rating of S&P has been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and has not 
been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P may be used 
for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be 
rated or unrated. The rating, if any, will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Issuer. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such 
credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. 
Credit ratings are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal 
at any time by the relevant rating organisation. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.

--- Page 15 ---
A50564580      
14 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme. The risk factors may relate to the Issuer or to any of its subsidiaries. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors (although not exhaustive) described below represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer 
does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. The 
risks described below are not the only risks the Issuer faces. Additional risks and uncertainties not 
currently known to the Issuer or that it currently believes to be immaterial could also have a material 
impact on its business operations. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. In 
particular, investors should make their own assessment as to the risks associated with the Notes prior to 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme. 
Words and expressions defined in the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same 
meaning in this section.  
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
Risk factors relating to the Issuer are described on pages 304 to 318 of the 2022 Universal Registration 
Document, as defined and further described in the section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” in this 
Base Prospectus and include the following: 
• 
Event triggered risks; 
• 
Trend driven risks; and 
• 
Management practice risks.

--- Page 16 ---
A50564580      
15 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
1 
Risk Factors Relating to all Series of Notes 
1.1 
Substitution of Schneider Electric SE 
Schneider Electric SE may at any time, at its discretion and without consulting the Noteholders, substitute 
for itself as principal debtor under any Notes, any of its Subsidiaries (the “Substituted Issuer”), pursuant 
to Condition 15. Such Condition provides for certain conditions to be met before the substitution can take 
place, including, but not limited to, an unconditional and irrevocable first demand guarantee (garantie 
autonome à première demande) from Schneider Electric SE to the Noteholders and the absence of any 
payment obligation for the Noteholders which would arise from the substitution. While the ultimate credit 
risk under the Notes will remain with Schneider Electric SE as Guarantor, the identity or the 
creditworthiness of any Substituted Issuer may not be anticipated and neither Schneider Electric SE nor 
the Substituted Issuer will be required to take into consideration any interests arising from the 
circumstances particular to any holder of such Notes with regard to or arising from any such substitution. 
As a result of such substitution, the Notes may become illiquid and this could have a material adverse 
effect on the Noteholders and, thus, increase the risk of losing all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
1.2 
French insolvency law 
The Issuer is a société européenne with its registered office in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the 
extent that, where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 
2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France. 
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132, has been transposed into 
French law by Ordonnance n°2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable since 
1st October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of 
restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, “affected parties” 
(including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which 
reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be 
formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient 
commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria.  
Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning 
that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected 
parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of 
creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down.  
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on 
the market value of Notes. As a consequence, any decision taken by a class of affected parties could 
materially and negatively impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, 
should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
1.3 
Credit Risk 
As contemplated in Condition 3, the Notes and, where applicable, the Coupons relating to these constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer. However, an investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. If the credit 
worthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under 
the Notes which could materially and negatively impact the Noteholders, and investors may lose all or 
part of their investment.

--- Page 17 ---
A50564580      
16 
1.4 
Modifications and waivers 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contains provisions for calling General Meetings 
of Noteholders or consulting them by way of Consultation in Writing to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not participate at the relevant General Meeting or Consultation in Writing and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. General Meetings or Consultations in Writing 
may deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
subject to the limitation provided by French law. If a decision is adopted by a majority of Noteholders and 
such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may have a negative impact 
on the market value of the Notes and hence investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
In addition, Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provides that the provisions of Article 
L.228-65 I. 1°, 4° and 6° of the French Code de commerce, respectively providing for a prior approval by 
the General Meeting of the Noteholders (i) of any proposal to change in corporate purpose or form of the 
Issuer, (ii) of any proposal to issue bonds benefiting from a security interest (sûreté réelle) which does not 
benefit to the Masse or (iii) of any proposal to transfer the registered office of a societas europaea to 
another Member State of the European Union shall not apply to the Notes. As a result of these exclusions, 
no General Meeting shall be held nor a Consultation in Writing shall be submitted.This may adversely 
affect the liquidity of the Notes and Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes on the market. 
1.5 
Potential conflict of interests with the Dealers and/or the Calculation Agent 
All or some of the Dealers and, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent, and their affiliates have and/or 
may in the future engage, in lending, in investment banking, commercial banking and other financial 
advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and in relation to securities issued by 
any entity of the Group (as defined in the “Important Notice” section). They have or may (i) engage in 
investment banking, trading or hedging activities including activities that may include prime brokerage 
business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as underwriters in connection 
with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group. In the context of these 
transactions, certain of such Dealers have or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities of the 
Group. Where applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments 
and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
The Issuer may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives 
which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse 
to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and 
the Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as calculation agent), including with respect to certain 
discretionary determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms 
and Conditions that may influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. In particular, 
whilst a Calculation Agent will, as the case may be, have information barriers and procedures in place to 
manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in 
transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders

--- Page 18 ---
A50564580      
17 
during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and 
which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
2 
Risk Factors Relating to the structure and feature of a particular issue of Notes 
2.1 
Risk Factors Relating to the Interest payable on the Notes 
2.1.1 Fixed Rate Notes 
As contemplated by Condition 5(a), the Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes bearing interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on 
each Interest Payment Date. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves risk that subsequent changes in 
market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 
Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes and therefore their interests may 
be negatively altered. 
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is determined during the term of such Note or 
within a given period of time, the market interest rate (the “Market Interest Rate”) typically varies 
on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Note varies in the opposite 
direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of the Note typically decreases, until the 
yield of the Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate 
decreases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of the Note equals 
approximately the Market Interest Rate. 
Therefore, the price of the Notes at any particular time may be lower than the purchase price of the 
Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may 
be lost on any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total 
amount of the capital invested. 
2.1.2 Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(b), investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate 
comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from 
such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but 
there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate 
(e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in accordance with general market 
conditions. Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Notes may be volatile if changes, 
particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate 
can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the 
relevant reference rate. As a result, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investments in the 
Notes and therefore their interests may be negatively altered. 
2.1.3 Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(b), a key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate 
Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest 
income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they 
purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments 
having longer fixed interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for frequent 
interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates 
decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower 
interest rates then prevailing.

--- Page 19 ---
A50564580      
18 
Furthermore, should the reference rate in respect of a Floating Rate Note be at any time negative, 
this could result in the rate of interest payable to Noteholders being lower than the applicable 
margin. For the avoidance of doubt, if the resulting rate of interest is less than zero, the applicable 
rate of interest shall be deemed to be zero and the Noteholders will not have to pay the negative 
fraction of such interest to the Issuer.  
As a result, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investments in the Notes and therefore their 
interests may be negatively altered. 
2.1.4 Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(c), Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will 
automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate 
on the date set out in the Final Terms. The conversion of the interest rate may affect the secondary 
market and the market value of the Notes since the conversion may produce a lower overall cost of 
borrowing. If a Fixed Rate is converted to a Floating Rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied 
to the same reference rate. In addition, the new Floating Rate at any time may be lower than the 
rates on other Notes. If the rate is automatically converted from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, 
the Fixed Rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and any such volatility may 
have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled “Fixed Rate Notes” and 
“Floating Rate Notes”. 
2.1.5 Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds 
As contemplated by Condition 5(d), the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes. Changes in market 
interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the 
prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market 
interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having 
the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of 
investment associated with a particularly high price risk and Noteholders may, as a result, lose all 
or part of their investment in the Notes. 
2.1.6 Reform and regulation of "benchmarks" 
Pursuant to Condition 5(b) and where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes 
identifies that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) or other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, 
investors should be aware that EURIBOR or other indices are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could have a material adverse 
effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any Notes linked to such a “benchmark”. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation") was published in the European official journal on 29 June 2016 and most of the 
provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation have applied since 1 January 2018. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of “benchmarks” in the EU, the contribution 
of input data to a “benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EU. It will, among other 
things, (i) require benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based , 
to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with

--- Page 20 ---
A50564580      
19 
extensive requirements in relation to the administration of “benchmarks” (or, if non-EU based, to 
be subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
“benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised/registered (or, if non-EU based, deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have an adverse impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index 
deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” 
are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes 
could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering 
or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations 
or requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, (ii) trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national 
or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have an adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 
has amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional 
provisions applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. 
The existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 
2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which applies since 
13 February 2021 (the “Amending Regulation”). 
The Amending Regulation introduced a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-
down of certain benchmarks by conferring on the European Commission the power to designate a 
statutory replacement for certain benchmarks, resulting in such benchmarks being replaced in 
contracts and financial instruments that have not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of 
the relevant benchmarks and contain either no contractual replacement (or so-called “fallback 
provision”) or a fallback provision which is deemed unsuitable by the European Commission or 
competent national authorities (Article 23b of the Benchmarks Regulation). These provisions could 
have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the 
Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark in the event that the fallback provisions in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes are deemed unsuitable. However, there are still uncertainties 
about the exact implementation of this provision pending the implementing acts of the European 
Commission. In addition, the Amending Regulation extended the transitional provisions applicable 
to third-country benchmarks until the end of 2023 and empowered the European Commission to 
further extend this transitional period until the end of 2025, if necessary. Such developments may 
create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory requirements arising from the 
implementation of delegated regulations. 
2.1.7 Floating Rate Notes – benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect 
of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, and EURIBOR or another Reference Rate (other than 
€STR, SOFR Benchmark or SONIA) has been selected as the Reference Rate, Condition 
5(b)(iii)(B) of the Notes provides that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the

--- Page 21 ---
A50564580      
20 
Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where the Original 
Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement 
may be available. 
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant 
Screen Page is available, Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) of the Notes provides for the Rate of Interest to be 
determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise 
and/or international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation 
Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting 
rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately 
revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before 
the Original Reference Rate was unavailable. Uncertainty as to the continuation of such Original 
Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be 
applicable if such Original Reference Rate is unavailable may adversely affect the value of, and 
return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(i)) (which, amongst other events, includes the 
permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate) occurs (other than with respect to €STR, 
SOFR Benchmark or SONIA), the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in Notes initially linked 
to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to 
apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined 
by the Independent Adviser and the Independent Adviser determines that amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate, then the Issuer may vary these Terms and Conditions to give effect to such 
amendments without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the 
Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. The aim of the 
Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. 
However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an 
Adjustment Spread is applied, such Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate 
economic prejudice to Noteholders and Couponholders. If no Adjustment Spread can be 
determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate 
of Interest. The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an 
Adjustment Spread) may still result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if 
the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.  
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not 
be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
A50564580      
21 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the 
Independent Adviser is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the 
Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest.  
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser 
has failed, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, 
it will continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next 
succeeding Interest Determination Date and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent Interest Periods, as necessary.  
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in 
Notes linked to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue 
to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of 
Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before 
the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the 
floating rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate Notes. Noteholders may, in such circumstances, 
be materially affected and receive a lower interest as they would have expected if an Independent 
Adviser had been determined or if such Independent Adviser did not fail to determine such 
Successor or Alternative Rate. 
2.1.8 The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are 
possible reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(b) allows Notes referencing risk-free rates to be issued. The market continues to 
develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rates (“SOFR”) and the Daily Euro Short-term Rate (“€STR”), as 
reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar and euro bonds, as applicable, and 
their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates.  
Such risk-free rates have a limited performance history and the future performance of such risk-
free rates is impossible to predict. As a consequence, no future performance of the relevant risk-
free rate or Notes referencing such risk-free rate may be inferred from any of the hypothetical or 
actual historical performance data. In addition, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may 
behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates. For example, 
since publication of SOFR began, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile 
than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Interest is calculated on the basis of the compounded risk-free rate or an arithmetic average of the 
risk-free rate, using the relevant specific formula set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
In addition, market conventions for calculating the interest rate for notes referencing risk-free rates 
continue to develop and market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative 
reference rates based on risk-free rates. Accordingly, the specific formula for calculating the rate 
used in the Notes issued under the Base Prospectus may not be widely adopted by other market 
participants, if at all.  
The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing risk-free rates that materially differ in 
terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes referencing risk-free rates

--- Page 23 ---
A50564580      
22 
issued by it. If the market adopts a different calculation method, that could adversely affect the 
market value of Notes issued under the Programme. 
Interest on Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined immediately 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which 
reference risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes.  
Each risk-free rate is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other 
sources and the Issuer has no control over their respective determinations, calculations or 
publications. There is a risk that the relevant risk-free rate (or the Compounded SOFR Index or 
SONIA Compounded Index) will be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes linked to or which reference a such risk-
free rate (or that any applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes will provide a rate which is not economically equivalent for Noteholders). 
If the manner in which the relevant risk-free rate is calculated is changed, that change may result 
in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to 
Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under the Base Prospectus.  
Any mismatch between the adoption of such risk-free rates in the bond, loan and derivatives 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which investors may put in place 
in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes. 
2.2 
Risk Factors Relating to the Redemption of the Notes 
2.2.1 The Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any 
Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of the jurisdiction of the Issuer or a political subdivision thereof or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in 
accordance with Condition 6(c)(i). 
The Issuer has also the option, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem the Notes under 
a make-whole call option as provided in Condition 6(d), a call option as provided in Condition 6(e), 
a residual maturity call option as provided in Condition 6(g), a clean-up call option as provided in 
Condition 6(i) and an acquisition event call option as provided in Condition 6(j). In particular, in 
case of a clean-up call option there is no obligation for the Issuer to inform investors if and when 
the percentage of 75 per cent. or the Clean-Up Percentage (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) 
has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist 
notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of this 
option, the Notes may have been traded significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss 
of capital invested. 
If (i) an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and (ii) the Issuer 
publicly announces that the consummation of the acquisition of the Targeted Company, as defined 
in the relevant Final Terms, is not pursued or the completion of the acquisition has not occurred on 
or prior to the Acquisition Event Limit Date, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, 
in whole or in part or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in whole only, at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued on the Notes as provided in Condition 6(j).

--- Page 24 ---
A50564580      
23 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of 
the Issuer. Such right of termination is often provided for bonds or notes in periods of high interest 
rates. If the market interest rates decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its 
right of termination increases. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be 
lower than expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase 
price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the 
Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of 
the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an 
early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed 
Notes. 
All of the above may reduce the profits potential investors in the Notes may have expected in 
subscribing the Notes and could have significant impact on the Noteholders. 
2.2.2 Exercise of the Change of Control Put Option, the Put Option, the Residual Maturity Call Option, 
the Call Option or the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer in respect of certain Notes may affect 
the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Change of Control 
Put Option, as provided in Condition 6(h), the Put Option, as provided in Condition 6(f), the 
Residual Maturity Call Option, as provided in Condition 6(g), the Call Option, as provided in 
Condition 6(e), or the Make-Whole Redemption, as provided in Condition 6(d), provided, if any, 
in the relevant Final Terms is exercised, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of 
which such option is not exercised may become illiquid. In addition, investors may only be able to 
reinvest the moneys they receive upon such early redemption in securities with a lower yield than 
the redeemed Notes and Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
2.3 
Risk Factors relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi 
The relevant Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes are 
denominated in Renminbi (“RMB Notes”). RMB Notes contain particular risks for potential 
investors. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and may adversely affect the liquidity of the RMB Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The PRC government continues to regulate 
conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the U.S. dollar, despite the 
significant reduction over the years by the PRC government of its control over routine foreign 
exchange transactions under current accounts. 
Remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into the PRC for the purposes of capital account 
items, such as capital contributions, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals 
from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities and is subject to 
a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for 
settlement of capital account items are developing gradually. 
Although Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the International 
Monetary Fund in 2016 and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-
border transactions in foreign currencies have been implemented by the People’s Bank of China 
(“PBOC”) in the past few years, there is a risk that the PRC government will not continue to 
liberalise the control over cross-border RMB remittances in the future, that any pilot schemes for 
Renminbi cross-border utilisation will be discontinued or that new PRC regulations will be 
promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of 
Renminbi into or outside the PRC. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in

--- Page 25 ---
A50564580      
24 
Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of 
the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under the RMB Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
RMB Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such RMB Notes  
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC government on cross-border Renminbi fund 
flows, the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. In efforts to internationalise the 
Renminbi, the PBOC has established Renminbi clearing and settlement systems for participating 
banks in various countries through settlement agreements (the “Settlement Agreements”) on the 
clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities 
(each, a “Renminbi Clearing Bank”) and these RMB Clearing Banks have been permitted to 
engage in the settlement of Renminbi trade transactions.  
However, the current size of Renminbi-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by the PBOC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect 
of cross-border Renminbi settlement, such as restrictions on the types of transactions for such cross-
border Renminbi settlement. Furthermore, Renminbi business participating banks do not have 
direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBOC, although the PBOC has gradually allowed 
participating banks to access the PRC’s onshore inter-bank market for the purchase and sale of 
Renminbi. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has access to its own onshore liquidity support 
from the PBOC to square open positions of its relevant participating banks for limited types of 
transactions. The relevant Renminbi Clearing Bank is not obliged to square for participating banks 
any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In 
cases where the participating banks cannot source sufficient Renminbi through the above channels, 
they will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, 
its growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign 
exchange. There is a risk that new PRC regulations will be promulgated in the future or the 
Settlement Agreements will be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of 
restricting availability of Renminbi offshore. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC 
may affect the liquidity of the RMB Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi 
in the offshore market to service its RMB Notes, there is a risk that the Issuer will not be able to 
source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. Should the Issuer resort to using another 
currency, such as U.S. dollar, to respect its payment obligations under the RMB Notes, the relevant 
Noteholders may lose part of their investment when converting such currency back into Renminbi, 
depending on the prevailing exchange rate at that time. 
2.4 
Risk Factors Relating to the market generally 
2.4.1 Market value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer (as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the long-term corporate rating of the Issuer by S&P is A- (stable outlook)), 
and a number of additional factors, including the volatility of an index, market interest and yield 
rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. Application will be made in certain circumstances 
to list and admit the Notes on Euronext Paris or on any other Regulated Market in any Member 
State of the EEA.  
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial 
and political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally 
and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be 
able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the

--- Page 26 ---
A50564580      
25 
issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder and result in losing all or part of their 
investment in the Notes. 
2.4.2 An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
Although particular series of Notes may specify in the relevant Final Terms that they are expected 
to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any other Regulated Market in any Member State 
of the EEA, there is a risk that an active trading market for the Notes will not develop, or, if one 
does develop, that it will be maintained. If an active trading market for the Notes does not develop 
or is not maintained, the market or trading price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely 
affected. The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries are entitled to buy the Notes, as described in 
Condition 6(j), and the Issuer may issue further notes, as described in Condition 13. Such 
transactions may adversely affect the price development of the Notes. If additional and competing 
products are introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the value of the Notes. As a 
consequence, investors may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable them to 
realise their anticipated yield and as a result, investors could lose all or part of their investment in 
the Notes. 
2.4.3 Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies. The Issuer will pay principal 
and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as defined in the relevant Final Terms). This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) 
and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, if this risk ever 
materialises, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal at all. 
2.4.4 Notes issued as green, social and/or sustainability Notes may not be a suitable investment for all 
investors 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to issue green, social or sustainability Notes and an amount equal or equivalent to the net 
proceeds of the issuance of such Notes may be exclusively applied to finance or re-finance, in part 
or in full, new and/or existing (i) eligible green projects, (ii) eligible social projects or (iii) eligible 
sustainable projects which may be further described in the Issuer’s relevant framework to be 
published on the Issuer’s website on or before the issue of such Notes. 
There is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular 
project to be defined as “green”, “social” or “sustainable”. The European Union adopted on 18 June 
2020 Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment (the “EU Taxonomy”), establishing the criteria for determining whether an economic 
activity qualifies as environmentally sustainable for the purposes of establishing the degree to 
which an investment is environmentally sustainable. The EU Taxonomy establishes a single EU-
wide classification system, or "taxonomy", which provides companies and investors with a 
common language for determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally

--- Page 27 ---
A50564580      
26 
sustainable. The Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 establishing 
the technical screening criteria for determining which economic activities can be considered as 
contributing substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation and for 
determining whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other 
environmental objectives entered into force on 1 January 2022. However, the EU Taxonomy and 
the Commission Delegated Regulation specified above remain subject to further developments with 
regard to other specific economic activities. In light of the continuing development of legal, 
regulatory and market conventions in the green, sustainable and positive social impact markets, 
there is a risk that the Eligible Projects (as defined in the “Reasons for the offer” paragraph in the 
relevant Final Terms) will not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or 
regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of 
such Notes in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Issuer’s relevant framework to be 
published on the Issuer’s website on or before the issue of such Notes and in the Final Terms, the 
Eligible Projects (as such term will be defined in the “Reasons for the offer” paragraph in the 
relevant Final Terms) may not be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner 
and/or accordance with any timing schedule. 
Any failure to use an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds from such Notes on Eligible 
Projects or to meet or continue to meet the investment requirements of certain environmentally, 
socially or sustainably focused investors with respect to such Notes may affect the value of the 
Notes and/or may have adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest 
in green, social and/or sustainable assets.

--- Page 28 ---
A50564580      
27 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with: 
• 
the pages referred to in the table below which are included in the French language Document 
d’Enregistrement Universel of the Issuer which received n° D.23-0158 from the AMF on 
28 March 2023 (the “2022 Universal Registration Document”); 
• 
the pages referred to in the table below which are included in the French language Document 
d’Enregistrement Universel of the Issuer which received n° D.22-0171 from the AMF on 
29 March 2022 (the “2021 Universal Registration Document”); and 
• 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectuses of the Issuer dated, 
respectively, 3 June 2022 (the “2022 EMTN Conditions”), 28 April 2020 (the “2020 EMTN 
Conditions”), 25 April 2019 (the “2019 EMTN Conditions”), 26 November 2018 (the “2018 
EMTN Conditions”), 6 October 2017 (the “2017 EMTN Conditions”), 31 August 2016 
(the “2016 EMTN Conditions”), 31 July 2015 (the “2015 EMTN Conditions” and, together with 
the 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2022 EMTN Conditions, the “EMTN Previous 
Conditions”). 
Any statement contained in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be 
deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or 
superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained, free of charge, 
from (i) the registered office of the Issuer, (ii) the website of the Issuer (https://www.se.com) and/or 
(iii) at the offices of each Paying Agent set out at the end of this Base Prospectus during normal business 
hours. 
The 2022 Universal Registration Document and the 2021 Universal Registration Document are 
available on the website of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org). 
Other than in relation to the documents which are incorporated by reference, the information on the 
websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
For the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation, information can be found in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus in accordance with the following cross-reference table (in which the 
numbering refers to the relevant items of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended (the “Commission 
Delegated Regulation”)). 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference list below but included in the documents incorporated 
by reference shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. The non-incorporated parts are either not relevant 
for investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
English translations of the 2022 Universal Registration Document and the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document are available on the website of the Issuer (https://www.se.com/ww/en/about-us/investor-
relations/regulatory-information/annual-reports.jsp). Such English translations are available for 
information purposes only and are not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Only the French 
versions of the 2022 Universal Registration Document and the 2021 Universal Registration Document 
may be relied upon.

--- Page 29 ---
A50564580      
28 
Commission Delegated Regulation –Annex 7 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
3 
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
3.1 
A description of the material risks that are specific to the 
Issuer and that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the securities, in a limited number of 
categories, in a section headed ‘Risk Factors’. 
In each category the most material risks, in the 
assessment of the Issuer, offeror or person asking for 
admission to trading on a regulated market, taking into 
account the negative impact on the Issuer and the 
probability of their occurrence, shall be set out first. The 
risk factors shall be corroborated by the content of the 
registration document. 
Pages 304 to 318 
 
4 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
 
 
4.1.1 
the legal and commercial name of the Issuer; 
Page 527 
 
4.1.2 
the place of registration of the Issuer and its registration 
number and legal entity identifier (‘LEI’); 
Page 527 
 
4.1.3 
the date of incorporation and the length of life of the 
Issuer, except where indefinite; and 
Page 527 
 
4.1.4 
the domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation 
under which the Issuer operates, its country of 
incorporation, and the address and telephone number of 
its registered office (or principal place of business if 
different from its registered office) and website of the 
Issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that the information on 
the website does not form part of the prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into the 
prospectus. 
Page 527 
 
4.1.5 
Any recent events particular to the Issuer and which are 
to a material extent relevant to an evaluation of the 
issuer’s solvency. 
Pages 13 to 16 
and 488 to 495 
 
5 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
5.1 
Principal activities 
 
 
5.1.1 
A brief description of the Issuer's principal activities 
stating the main categories of products sold and/or 
services performed; and 
Pages 22 to 34 
 
 
5.1.2 
The basis for any statements in the registration document 
made by the Issuer regarding its competitive position. 
Pages 20-21

--- Page 30 ---
A50564580      
29 
Commission Delegated Regulation –Annex 7 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
6 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
 
6.1 
If the Issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the 
group and the Issuer’s position within the group. This 
may be in the form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of 
the organisational structure if this helps to clarify the 
structure. 
Pages 476 to 482 
and 516-517 
 
6.2 
If the Issuer is dependent upon other entities within the 
group, this must be clearly stated together with an 
explanation of this dependence. 
Not applicable 
 
9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions in the Issuer of 
the following persons, and an indication of the principal 
activities performed by them outside the Issuer where 
these are significant with respect to that Issuer: 
 
 
 
(a)  members of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies; 
(a) Pages 334 to 
346 
 
 
(b)  partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a 
limited partnership with a share capital. 
(b) Not 
Applicable 
 
9.2 
Administrative, 
Management, 
and 
Supervisory 
bodies conflicts of interests 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the 
Issuer of the persons referred to in item 9.1, and their 
private interests and or other duties must be clearly stated. 
In the event that there are no such conflicts, a statement 
to that effect must be made. 
Pages 348 to 350 
 
10 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to the Issuer, state whether the Issuer 
is directly or indirectly owned or controlled and by whom 
and describe the nature of such control and describe the 
measures in place to ensure that such control is not 
abused. 
Pages 522-523 
 
10.2 
A description of any arrangements, known to the Issuer, 
the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in 
a change in control of the Issuer. 
Not applicable 
 
11 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING 
THE ISSUER'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND 
LOSSES 
 
 
11.1 
Historical Financial Information 
Historical financial information covering the latest two 
financial years (at least 24 months) or such shorter period 
Pages 420 to 487 Pages 344 to 
401

--- Page 31 ---
A50564580      
30 
Commission Delegated Regulation –Annex 7 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
as the Issuer has been in operation and the audit report in 
respect of each year.  
 
(a) balance sheet; 
Pages 423-424 
Pages 347-
348 
 
(b) income statement; 
Pages 420-421 
Pages 344-
345 
 
(c) cash flow statement; and 
Page 422 
Page 346 
 
(d) accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
Pages 426 to 482 Pages 350 to 
396 
11.1.5 
Consolidated financial statements 
If the Issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated 
financial statements, include at least the consolidated 
financial statements in the registration document. 
Pages 420 to 487 Pages 344 to 
401 
11.2 
Auditing of historical annual financial information 
 
 
11.2.1 
The historical annual financial information must be 
independently audited. The audit report shall be prepared 
in accordance with Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation 
(EU) No 537/2014. 
Where Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 
537/2014 do not apply, the historical financial 
information must be audited or reported on as to whether 
or not, for the purposes of the registration document, it 
gives a true and fair view in accordance with auditing 
standards applicable in a Member State or an equivalent 
standard. Otherwise, the following information must be 
included in the registration document: 
(a) a prominent statement disclosing which auditing 
standards have been applied; 
(b) an explanation of any significant departures from 
International Standards on Auditing. 
 Pages 483 to 487 Pages 397 to 
401  
11.2.1a 
Where audit reports on the historical financial 
information have been refused by the statutory auditors 
or where they contain qualifications, modifications of 
opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of matter, the reason 
must be given, and such qualifications, modifications, 
disclaimers or emphasis of matter must be reproduced in 
full. 
Not applicable 
Not 
applicable 
11.5 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), 
during a period covering at least the previous 12 months 
which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the Issuer and/or group's financial 
Pages 307 and 
474

--- Page 32 ---
A50564580      
31 
Commission Delegated Regulation –Annex 7 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
position or profitability, or provide an appropriate 
negative statement. 
 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of further 
issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued with the relevant 
EMTN Previous Conditions. 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
 
2015 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 57 to 88 
2016 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 62 to 94 
2017 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 63 to 92 
2018 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 30 to 66 
2019 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 30 to 67 
2020 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 31 to 68 
2022 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 33 to 92 
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the table 
above is for information purposes only.

--- Page 33 ---
A50564580      
32 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate 
supplement to this Base Prospectus, which shall constitute a supplement to this Base Prospectus for the 
purpose of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 34 ---
A50564580      
33 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised 
Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be 
constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised 
Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final 
Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of 
non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that 
are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. 
Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes, as the case may be. References in these 
Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
An amended and restated agency agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, 
the “Agency Agreement”) dated 12 April 2023 has been agreed between Schneider Electric SE 
(the “Issuer”), BNP Paribas as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it. The fiscal agent, the paying 
agents, and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the 
“Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), and the 
“Calculation Agent(s)”. Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection at the specified 
offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market 
situated in a Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended. 
Terms between square brackets shall apply to Notes guaranteed by Schneider Electric SE when Schneider 
Electric SE is replaced and substituted by the Substituted Issuer (as defined in Condition 15), as provided 
in Condition 15. If there is a substitution of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15, references below 
to “Guarantor” shall mean Schneider Electric SE, in its capacity as guarantor of Notes and any reference 
in the Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the Substituted Issuer. 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. References below to “day” or “days” are to a calendar day or to calendar days, respectively. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised 
form (“Materialised Notes”). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 and 
R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier (the “Code”) by book entries 
(inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs 
pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (the “Final Terms”), in either (i) bearer form (au porteur) only, in which case 
they are inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) 
(“Euroclear France”) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders, or (ii) in 
registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant 
Noteholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the 
books of an Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an 
account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent

--- Page 35 ---
A50564580      
34 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the “Registration 
Agent”). 
Unless such right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may require 
the identification of the Noteholders. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Account Holder” means any authorised financial 
intermediary institution entitled directly or indirectly to hold accounts on behalf of its 
customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and 
the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Notes”) in the Specified 
Denomination(s) shown in the relevant Final Terms. Materialised Notes are serially 
numbered and are issued with coupons (“Coupons”) (and, where appropriate, a talon 
(“Talon”)) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to 
interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons 
in these Conditions are not applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the Code, securities (such as Notes) 
which are governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the 
French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum denomination of each Note that are 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a Base 
Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and 
transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the 
accounts of the Issuer or of the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or a 
Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised Notes”), shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as 
defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “holder of Notes”, “holder of any Notes” or “Noteholder” means 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of 
the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as 
being entitled to such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any 
Definitive Materialised Note, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the 
relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
A50564580      
35 
(d) 
Redenomination 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), without the consent of the holder of 
any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least 30 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 14, 
redenominate, on any Interest Payment Date all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into 
Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the 
relevant Final Terms accordingly on or after the date on which the Member State of the European 
Union in whose national currency such Notes are denominated has become a participant member 
in the third stage of the European economic and monetary union (as provided in the Treaty 
establishing the European Community (the “EC”), as amended from time to time), or events have 
occurred which have substantially the same effects all as more fully provided in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
2 
Conversion and Exchange of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option 
of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be 
made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such conversion shall be effected 
at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes 
of another Specified Denomination. 
3 
Status of Notes [and the Guarantee] 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
Notes and, where applicable, the Coupons relating to them, constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will 
rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as 
are from time to time mandatory under French law), equally and rateably with all other present or 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
(b) 
[Status of the Guarantee 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee (as defined in Condition 15) constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor 
and shall rank at all times pari passu and without any preference among themselves and (subject 
to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law), equally and rateably 
with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor.]

--- Page 37 ---
A50564580      
36 
4 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, remain outstanding (as defined 
below), the Issuer [or, the Guarantor] will not, and will ensure that none of the Principal Subsidiaries (as 
defined below) will, create or permit to subsist any mortgage, lien, charge, pledge or other form of security 
interest (sûreté réelle) (“Security”) upon any of their respective assets or revenues, present or future, to 
secure (i) any Relevant Debt (as defined below) or (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any 
Relevant Debt [, except the Guarantee], unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes [or the Guarantor’s obligations under the Guarantee] are equally and rateably secured 
therewith. 
For the purposes of this Condition: “Principal Subsidiary” means at any relevant time a Subsidiary of 
Schneider Electric SE: 
(a) 
whose net operating income is at least 10 per cent. of the consolidated net operating income of 
Schneider Electric SE and its consolidated subsidiaries (the “Consolidated Group”) or whose total 
assets amount to at least 10 per cent. of the total consolidated assets of the Consolidated Group, in 
each case calculated by reference to the latest audited consolidated accounts of Schneider Electric 
SE; 
(b) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all the assets and undertakings of a Subsidiary which 
immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary. 
(i) 
“Relevant Debt” means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money in the form 
of, or represented by, bonds (obligations) issued by the Issuer [or the Guarantor] which are 
for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, admitted to trading or ordinarily dealt in 
on any stock exchange, over-the-counter market or other securities market. 
(ii) 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any person or entity at any time, any other person or 
entity (whether or not now existing) as defined in Article L.233-1 of the French Code de 
commerce or any other person or entity controlling directly or indirectly such person or 
entity within the meaning of Article L.233-3 of the French Code de commerce. 
(iii) 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than 
(a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect 
of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all 
interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after 
such date) have been duly paid (i) in respect of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form or in 
administered registered form, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder 
as provided in Condition 7(a), (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered 
form, to the account of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a) and (iii) in the case of 
Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent as provided in the Agency Agreement and remain 
available for payment against presentation and surrender of Materialised Notes and/or 
Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which 
claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as 
provided in these Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or 
defaced Materialised Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement 
Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised 
Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those 
Materialised Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which 
replacement Materialised Notes have been issued, and (iii) any Temporary Global 
Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive 
Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions.

--- Page 38 ---
A50564580      
37 
This Condition 4 shall not apply to or be applicable in respect of any Relevant Debt for any Security 
created by the Issuer [, the Guarantor] or a Principal Subsidiary over: 
(i) 
any equity share capital acquired by the Issuer [, the Guarantor] or a Principal Subsidiary in 
any company resulting in that company becoming a majority-owned subsidiary of the Issuer 
[, the Guarantor] or such Principal Subsidiary after the Issue Date for the sole purpose of 
financing or re-financing that acquisition and securing a principal amount not exceeding the 
cost of that acquisition; or 
(ii) 
any assets forming all or part of a business acquired by the Issuer [, the Guarantor] or a 
Principal Subsidiary after the Issue Date for the sole purpose of financing or re-financing 
that acquisition and securing a principal amount not exceeding the cost of that acquisition. 
5 
Interest and Other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date (the “Fixed Rate”). 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable 
on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date (the “Floating Rate”). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either 
shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date 
shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Business Day Convention or “FRN Convention”, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the 
last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day, 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought to the immediately preceding 
Business Day, or

--- Page 39 ---
A50564580      
38 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period or such 
other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner according to which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be either:  
(i) 
the offered quotation, or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 
(i) 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) or (ii) if otherwise, the 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(b) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (a)(i) applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-
paragraph (a)(ii) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page, subject as provided below, the Calculation 
Agent shall request, (i) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal

--- Page 40 ---
A50564580      
39 
Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks or, (ii) if otherwise, each of 
the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request 
of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, 
at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank 
Market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at 
the Relevant Screen Page Time, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting 
to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro zone inter-
bank market or, if otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may 
be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference 
Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being €STR, the 
€STR rate of interest determination method, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the “€STR Rate of Interest Determination”), in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined could be either €STR Lookback Compound or 
€STR Shift Compound as follows:

--- Page 41 ---
A50564580      
40 
(x) 
if €STR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be €STR-LOOKBACK-
COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any); or  
(y) 
if €STR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject as provided below, be €STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND 
plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(d): 
“€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise 
and/or international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” is the number of days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” is the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day 
falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR for the 
TARGET Business Day falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior 
to the relevant TARGET Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period to, and including, the last TARGET 
Business Day in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of days from, 
and including, the relevant TARGET Business Day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the immediately following TARGET Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period;  
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the period specified in 
the Final Terms; and 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
TARGET Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period.

--- Page 42 ---
A50564580      
41 
“€STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise 
and/or international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
(∏(1 + €STR𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of TARGET 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“€STRi” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in 
the relevant Observation Period, the €STR in respect of that 
TARGET Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant TARGET Business Day in chronological order from 
(and including) the first TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period to, and including, the last TARGET Business 
Day in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of days from (and including) such day “i” 
up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling a number of 
TARGET Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date falling a number of TARGET Business Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Accrual Period; and 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of TARGET Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has 
occurred, the €STR for such TARGET Business Day shall be the rate equal 
to €STR in respect of the last TARGET Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below). 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, then the rate of €STR for each 
relevant TARGET Business Day occurring on or after such €STR Index

--- Page 43 ---
A50564580      
42 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were to 
the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the 
first TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each relevant TARGET 
Business Day occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified 
EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for 
each relevant TARGET Business Day occurring on or after that ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above (the “€STR Replacement 
Rate”), will remain effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent 
party with appropriate expertise and/or international repute responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date, (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of 
€STR for each relevant TARGET Business Day occurring on or after such 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published 
ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than the 
latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR; or (iii) if 
there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and there is no 
published ECB Recommended Rate or Modified EDFR available, as if the 
rate of €STR for each relevant TARGET Business Day on or after such €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published €STR 
(though, in each case, substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be 
the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest 
on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be 
that determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and/or 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified 
in 
the 
relevant 
Final 
Terms) 
pursuant 
to 
this

--- Page 44 ---
A50564580      
43 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(d), including any determination with respect to a rate 
or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action 
or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, (ii) 
will be made in the Calculation Agent's (or such other independent party with 
appropriate expertise and/or international repute responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercial and reasonable 
manner, and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(d), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by 
the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate 
expertise and/or international repute responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), no €STR 
Replacement Rate will be adopted by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and/or international repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), and the €STR Replacement Rate for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period will be equal to the last €STR available, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate 
expertise and/or international repute responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(d): 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central 
Bank or another administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate expertise and/or international repute responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence 
of one or more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other independent 
party with appropriate expertise and/or international repute responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
the publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or

--- Page 45 ---
A50564580      
44 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of 
the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in 
respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date 
on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and/or international repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms); 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) No. 2019/1265 of the 
European Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) 
(ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit 
facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem 
(comprising the European Central Bank and the national central banks of 
those countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of 
the European Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
(1) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before 
the end of the first TARGET Business Day following the 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date, the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the €STR and the 
EDFR for each of the thirty (30) TARGET Business 
Days immediately preceding the date on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
(2) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference 
between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for 
each of the thirty (30) TARGET Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of 
banks located in the Euro area provided by the European Central Bank as

--- Page 46 ---
A50564580      
45 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator) and published on 
the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 
a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published 
as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 
11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the TARGET 
Business Day immediately following such TARGET Business Day; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise 
and/or international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the 
central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, 
a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has 
ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as 
determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent 
(or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and/or 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR 
Spread; 
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the 
European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any 
successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank.  
(e) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference 
Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SOFR 
Benchmark, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be equal to the relevant SOFR Benchmark plus or minus

--- Page 47 ---
A50564580      
46 
(as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise 
and/or international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date.  
The “SOFR Benchmark” will be determined based on Simple SOFR 
Average, Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded SOFR Index, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “SOFR Rate of Interest 
Determination”), as follows: 
(x) 
if Simple SOFR Average (“Simple SOFR Average”) is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the SOFR 
Benchmark will be determined, the SOFR Benchmark for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of the SOFR 
reference rates for each day during the period, as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate 
expertise and/or international repute responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), and 
where the SOFR reference rate on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall 
be used for the days in the period from (and including) the SOFR 
Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Interest Period Date. 
(y) 
if Compounded Daily SOFR (“Compounded Daily SOFR”) is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
SOFR Benchmark will be determined, the SOFR Benchmark for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the compounded 
average of daily SOFR reference rates for each day during the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period (where SOFR Lag, SOFR Payment 
Delay or SOFR Lockout is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms to determine Compounded Daily SOFR) or the SOFR 
Observation Period (where SOFR Observation Shift is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms to determine Compounded 
Daily SOFR). 
Compounded Daily SOFR shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise 
and/or international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance 
with one of the formulas referenced below depending upon which is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
SOFR Lag: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 −×𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards and where: 
“SOFRi-xUSBD” for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i) in the relevant Interest Accrual Period,

--- Page 48 ---
A50564580      
47 
is equal to the SOFR reference rate for the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling the number 
of Lookback Days prior to that U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i); 
“Lookback Days” means such number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“d” means the number of days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one 
to do, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day from (and including) the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period (each a “U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i), means the number of days from (and including) 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) up to 
(but excluding) the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day. 
(ii) 
SOFR Observation Shift: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖  × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards 
and where: 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i) in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, is equal 
to the SOFR reference rate for that U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i); 
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the period from (and including) 
the date falling the number of SOFR Observation Shift 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
to (but excluding) the date falling the number of SOFR 
Observation Shift Days prior to the Interest Period Date 
for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” means the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 49 ---
A50564580      
48 
“d” means the number of days in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one 
to do, representing each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day from (and including) the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period (each a “U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i), means the number of days from (and including) 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) up to 
(but excluding) the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day. 
(iii) 
SOFR Payment Delay: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖  × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards and where:  
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i) in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to 
the SOFR reference rate for that U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i); 
“Interest Payment Date” shall be the number of Interest 
Payment Delay Days following each Interest Period 
Date; provided that the Interest Payment Date with 
respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the 
Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes 
prior to the Maturity Date, the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date; 
“Interest Payment Delay Days” means the number of 
Business Days as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“d” means the number of days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one 
to do, representing each relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day from (and including) the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant

--- Page 50 ---
A50564580      
49 
Interest Accrual Period (each a “U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i), means the number of days from (and including) 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) up to 
(but excluding) the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day.  
For the purposes of calculating Compounded Daily 
SOFR with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period 
where SOFR Payment Delay is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the SOFR reference rate for each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the period from 
(and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date or the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date, as applicable, shall be the SOFR 
reference rate in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date. 
(iv) 
SOFR Lockout: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖  × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards 
and where:  
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i) in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to 
the SOFR reference rate for that U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i), except that the SOFR for any 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) in respect of 
the period from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date to (but excluding) the Interest Accrual Period Date 
for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the SOFR 
reference rate in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date; 
“d” means the number of days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one 
to do, representing each relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day from (and including) the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period (each a “U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i)”); and

--- Page 51 ---
A50564580      
50 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i), means the number of days from (and including) 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) up to 
(but excluding) the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day. 
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below for 
purpose of Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(e)(x) and 5(b)(iii)(B)(e)(y): 
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the Bloomberg screen 
designated “SOFRRATE” or any successor page or service; 
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page designated 
“USDSOFR=” or any successor page or service;  
“SOFR” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
the reference rate determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party responsible with appropriate expertise and/or international 
repute for the calculation of the rate of interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) in accordance with the following provision: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at the SOFR 
Determination Time as such reference rate is reported on the 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page; the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate published at the SOFR Determination Time as such 
reference rate is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=; or the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at the SOFR 
Determination Time on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
(ii) 
if the reference rate specified in (i) above does not appear and a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred, the SOFR reference rate shall be 
the reference rate published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website for 
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for 
which SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; or 
(iii) 
if the reference rate specified in (i) above does not appear and a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the provisions set forth in 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(e)(aa) shall apply; 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date or the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
“SOFR Determination Time” means approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York 
City time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day. 
(z) 
if Compounded SOFR Index (“Compounded SOFR Index”) is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the SOFR 
Benchmark for each Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the 
compounded average of daily SOFR reference rates for each day 
during the relevant SOFR Observation Period as calculated by the

--- Page 52 ---
A50564580      
51 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate 
expertise and/or international repute responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as 
follows: 
                       ( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards and where: 
“SOFR Index” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the SOFR Index value as published on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website at the SOFR Index Determination Time on 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day, provided that:  
(a) 
if the value specified above does not appear and a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred, the “SOFR Index” shall 
be calculated on any Interest Determination Date with respect 
to an Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with the 
Compounded Daily SOFR formula described above in 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(e)(y)(ii) “SOFR Observation Shift”, 
and the term “SOFR Observation Shift Days” shall mean 5 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days; or 
(b) 
if the value specified above does not appear and a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the provisions set forth in 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(e)(aa) shall apply; 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms prior to 
the Interest Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or in the final 
Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date);  
“SOFR IndexStart” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms prior to 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period;  
“SOFR Index Determination Time” means, in respect of a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, approximately 3:00 p.m. (New 
York City time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day;  
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling the number of 
SOFR Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling the number of SOFR 
Observation Shift Days prior to the Interest Period Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 53 ---
A50564580      
52 
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
“dc” means the number of days in the applicable SOFR Observation 
Period. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be 
the date on which the Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest 
on the Notes shall, for so long as the Notes remain outstanding, be that 
determined on such date.  
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below for 
purpose of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(e): 
“Alternate Agent” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial expert with appropriate 
expertise appointed by the Issuer;  
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
(currently, 
being 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/reference-rates/sofr-averages-and-
index), or any successor source; 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date” means the Benchmark 
Replacement Date with respect to the then-current Benchmark;  
“SOFR Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Transition Event with respect to the then-current Benchmark; 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities.  
(aa) 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(e), if the Calculation 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent determines on or 
prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes 
relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and 
for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, 
the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
from time to time.  
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, any determination, decision or 
election that may be made by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may 
be, the Alternate Agent pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(e),

--- Page 54 ---
A50564580      
53 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment 
or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent, or, as the 
case may be, the Alternate Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercial and reasonable manner; and (iii) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the Noteholders or any 
other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(e), if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party 
with appropriate expertise and/or international repute responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), no Benchmark Replacement will be adopted by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate 
expertise and/or international repute responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the 
Benchmark Replacement will be SOFR determined as of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding the 
Benchmark Replacement Date.  
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below for 
purpose of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(e):  
“Benchmark” means, initially, the relevant SOFR Benchmark 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; provided that if the Calculation 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent determines on or 
prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
the relevant Benchmark (including any daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then 
“Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement;  
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark 
(or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component),

--- Page 55 ---
A50564580      
54 
a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing 
that the Benchmark is no longer representative or has been or will 
be prohibited from being used or that its use has been or will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either generally 
or with respect to the Notes; 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Alternate Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(i) 
the sum of:  
(a) the alternate reference rate that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark (including any 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof); 
and  
(b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) the sum of:  
(a) the ISDA Fallback Rate; and  
(b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii) the sum of:  
(a) the alternate reference rate that has been selected by the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate 
Agent as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof) giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted reference rate as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark (including any daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof) for U.S. dollar-
denominated Floating Rate Notes at such time; and  
(b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative 
set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Calculation 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date:

--- Page 56 ---
A50564580      
55 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that has been selected by the Calculation Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Alternate Agent giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating 
or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of 
the then-current Benchmark (including any daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof) with the applicable 
Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
for 
U.S. 
dollar-
denominated Floating Rate Notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with 
respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative 
or operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency 
of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) the Calculation 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in 
a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent decides 
that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Alternate Agent determines that no market practice for use 
of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Calculation Agent (or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent) 
determines is reasonably necessary acting in good faith and in a 
commercial manner); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of 
“Benchmark Transition Event”, the later of: 
 
(x) 
 the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein; and  
(y) 
the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) in the case of sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein.

--- Page 57 ---
A50564580      
56 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time for such determination; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any 
successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or 
any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives 
published from time to time;  
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark (including any daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof) for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the 
Benchmark means (1) if the Benchmark is the SOFR Benchmark, the 
SOFR Determination Time (where Simple SOFR Average or 
Compounded Daily SOFR is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms) or SOFR Index Determination Time (where 
Compounded SOFR Index is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms), or (2) if the Benchmark is not the SOFR Benchmark, the 
time determined by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Alternate Agent after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(f) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference 
Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, the 
SONIA rate of interest determination method, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (the “SONIA Rate of Interest Determination”), in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either SONIA Compounded 
Index Rate or SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate as follows:  
(x) 
SONIA Compounded Index Rate

--- Page 58 ---
A50564580      
57 
If SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, be 
the SONIA Compounded Index Rate as follows, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(f)(x): 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means with respect to an 
Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment during the Observation Period corresponding to 
such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and/or international 
repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest Determination 
Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards, 
 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇
 −1) ×  (365
𝑑) 
provided, however, that if the SONIA Compounded Index Value is 
not available in relation to any Interest Accrual Period on the 
Relevant Screen Page for the determination of either or both of 
SONIA Compounded IndexSTART and SONIA Compounded 
IndexEND, the Rate of Interest shall be calculated for such Interest 
Accrual Period on the basis of the SONIA Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate as set out in Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(g)(y) as if SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate with Observation Shift had been 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and the “Relevant Screen Page” 
shall be deemed to be the “Relevant Fallback Screen Page” as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms,  
where: 
“d” means the number of days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“London Business Day”, means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;  
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling “p” London 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
(and the first Observation Period shall begin on and include the date 
which is “p” London Business Days prior to the Issue Date) and 
ending on (but excluding) the date which is “p” London Business 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual 
Period (or the date falling “p” London Business Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means, for any Interest Accrual Period the whole number

--- Page 59 ---
A50564580      
58 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is so 
specified, five London Business Days) representing a number of 
London Business Days; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as the 
SONIA Compounded Index administered by the Bank of England 
(or any successor administrator thereof); 
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the SONIA Compounded Index Value on the date 
falling “p” London Business Days prior to (i) the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period, or (ii) in the case of the first Interest Accrual 
Period, the Issue Date; 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means the SONIA Compounded 
Index Value on the date falling “p” London Business Days prior to 
(i) in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Accrual Period, or (ii) if the Notes become due and 
payable prior to the end of an Interest Accrual Period, the date on 
which the Notes become so due and payable; and 
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means in relation to any 
London Business Day, the value of the SONIA Compounded Index 
as published by authorised distributors on the Relevant Screen Page 
on such London Business Day or, if the value of the SONIA 
Compounded Index cannot be obtained from such authorised 
distributors, as published on the Bank of England’s Website at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or 
website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the 
SONIA Compounded Index) on such London Business Day. 
(y) 
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
If SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will be the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate as 
follows, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), 
“SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect of 
an Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate 
as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate expertise and/or international repute responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards, 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴i × ni
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
−1] × 365
𝑑

--- Page 60 ---
A50564580      
59 
Where : 
“London Business Day”, “Observation Period” and “p” have the 
meanings set out under Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(f)(x); 
“d” is the number of days in the relevant: 
(i) 
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“do” is the number of London Business Days in the relevant: 
(i) 
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant London Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first London Business Day in the relevant: 
(i) 
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“ni”, for any London Business Day “i”, means the number of days 
from and including such London Business Day “i” up to but 
excluding the following London Business Day; 
“SONIAi” means, in relation to any London Business Day the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of: 
(i) 
that London Business Day “i” where Observation Shift is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the London Business Day (being a London Business Day 
falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling “p” London 
Business Days prior to the relevant London Business Day “i” 
where Lag is specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Business 
Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Business Day as provided 
by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page on the next following London 
Business Day or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
published by authorised distributors on such London Business Day 
or, if SONIA cannot be obtained from such authorised distributors, 
as 
published 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
Website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or 
website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the 
SONIA reference rate).

--- Page 61 ---
A50564580      
60 
(z) 
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant 
Final Terms and either (i) the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference 
Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) the SONIA 
Compounded Index Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, if, 
in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA reference rate is 
not available on the Relevant Screen Page or Relevant Fallback 
Screen Page as applicable, (or as otherwise provided in the relevant 
definition thereof) , such Reference Rate shall be:  
1. 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Business 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference 
rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which the 
SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) 
to the Bank Rate, or 
2. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise 
provided in the relevant definition thereof) for the first 
preceding London Business Day on which the SONIA 
reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
as otherwise provided in the relevant definition thereof), and 
in each case, SONIAi shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(aa) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Accrual 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to 
the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions, 
the 
final 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became 
due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so

--- Page 62 ---
A50564580      
61 
long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on 
such date. 
(C) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and shall prevail over 
other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) (except in respect of Conditions 
5(b)(iii)(B)(d), 5(b)(iii)(B)(e) and 5(b)(iii)(B)(f)). 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(c)) and any Benchmark Amendments 
(in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(d)). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant 
to this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) shall act in good faith in a commercially 
reasonable manner as an independent expert and in consultation with the 
Issuer. The Issuer will not take any discretionary decision on the basis of such 
consultation. In the absence of bad faith, manifest error or fraud, the 
Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, or the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing 
which, 
an 
Alternative 
Rate 
in 
accordance 
with 
this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be 
equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect 
of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding 
Interest 
Period. 
For 
the 
avoidance 
of 
doubt, 
this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest 
Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(c)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future

--- Page 63 ---
A50564580      
62 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)).  
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread 
is 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) and the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in 
accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(d), the Issuer shall comply with 
the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms 
of 
any 
Benchmark Amendments, 
determined 
under 
this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) will be notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving 
such information from the Independent Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative of the Masse and, 
in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Noteholders and the Representative of the Masse 
of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by 
one authorised signatory of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) where applicable, 
any Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), mentioned in (i), (ii) and (iii) and as determined

--- Page 64 ---
A50564580      
63 
by the Independent Adviser in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Independent Adviser has confirmed that the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall make such certificate available at its offices, for 
inspection by the Noteholders at all reasonable times during normal business 
hours. 
The Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability 
to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s ability to 
rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and the Noteholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) 
(a), (b), (c) and (d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until 
a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(g) 
New Benchmark Event in respect of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If Benchmark Amendments have been implemented pursuant to this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) and a new Benchmark Event occurs in respect of the 
then applicable Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the provisions of this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) shall apply as if the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
were the Original Reference Rate. 
(D) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms to be applicable 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
“Screen Rate Determination” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where “ISDA Determination” is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available the next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, provided however, that if there is no such rate available for 
a period of time shorter or, as the case may be, longer than the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time 
and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.

--- Page 65 ---
A50564580      
64 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA 
Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(c) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically change from a Fixed 
Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final 
Terms. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date 
shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest 
for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as defined in Condition 6(b)(i)). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts, Rate 
Multipliers and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, 
or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to 
all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest 
Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (b) above by adding (if a 
positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin or 
multiplying by such Rate Multiplier, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to 
such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. In no event shall the amount of interest 
payable (including, for the sake of clarity, any applicable margin) be less than zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures 
shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest Yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country/ies of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note 
by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified 
in respect of such period in the Final Terms, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect

--- Page 66 ---
A50564580      
65 
of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with 
such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of 
interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts 
As soon as practicable after the relevant time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required 
to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it 
shall determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified 
Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or 
make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required 
to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or any Optional 
Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, such exchange as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, 
if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the second Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become 
due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect 
of the Notes shall, nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be 
made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or a formula or 
a methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines 
and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may 
be, to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the 
case may be, and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions

--- Page 67 ---
A50564580      
66 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the 
Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate, as the case may be. 
 “Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(b) and which is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or 
that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as 
a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Benchmark Event shall occur on 
or within the six months preceding the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference 
Rate, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original 
Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for 
making such determination. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than Euro or RMB, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or 
a public holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in the principal financial centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in RMB, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public 
holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in RMB 
in Hong Kong and in the relevant Business Centre(s) (if any); and/or

--- Page 68 ---
A50564580      
67 
(iii) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro 
(a “TARGET Business Day”); and/or 
(iv) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday, 
a Sunday or a public holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, 
generally in each of the Business Centres. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” or “Act/Act” or “Act/Act-ISDA” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/Actual ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product 
of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year, 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; 
and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified herein or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
(v) 
if “30/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where:

--- Page 69 ---
A50564580      
68 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 70 ---
A50564580      
69 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Effective Date” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the first day of the Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest 
Determination Date relates. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt or 
have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the EC as amended. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(a). 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, 
means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period or the interest amount in relation to RMB Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Sterling (and in such case only if the relevant Reference Rate is not SONIA), 
or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day 
of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro and if the 
relevant Reference Rate is not SONIA, or (iii) (where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms) the fifth London Business Day (or as otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) prior to the last day of each Interest Accrual Period or (iii) the day falling 
two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is Euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc.

--- Page 71 ---
A50564580      
70 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate) 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of any particular 
Note and that is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the principal offices 
of five major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, in each case selected by the Calculation 
Agent or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial 
centre as may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the 
financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case 
of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro-zone) or, if none is so connected, London. 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means such inter-bank market as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as applicable: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, 
as applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, 
(c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Rate” means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency 
for a period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration 
commencing on the Effective Date. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service). 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in 
respect of deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial 
Centre or, if no such customary local time exists, 11.00 hours in the Relevant Financial Centre and, 
for the purpose of this definition, “local time” means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as 
a Relevant Financial Centre, Brussels Time.

--- Page 72 ---
A50564580      
71 
“Representative Amount” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
“RMB Note” means a Note denominated in RMB. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more 
than one successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser will determine, among those successor or replacement rates, the one which is 
the most appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the 
relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
“Specified Duration” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, a period of time equal to the 
relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii). 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks  
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks (or such other number 
as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). If any Reference Bank (acting through its 
relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall 
appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in 
its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references 
in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or 
unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to 
comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking 
firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by 
the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid and notice of any such change of 
Calculation Agent shall promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
below. 
(k) 
RMB Notes 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is 
a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 73 ---
A50564580      
72 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the Relevant Time as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms on each Interest Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable 
per Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The determination of the amount of 
interest payable per Specified Denomination by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error and after confirmation by the Issuer) be final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying 
Agents and to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination and Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
adjustment of the Interest Period, if the Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day. If the Notes 
become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest per Specified Denomination shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination so 
calculated need be made. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of days in the relevant Interest 
Period or, as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest RMB sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption 
Amount (which, unless otherwise provided and/or specified in the relevant Final Terms, is its 
nominal amount). 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the 
Early Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the “Amortised Nominal 
Amount” of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, 
shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue 
price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due 
and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such

--- Page 74 ---
A50564580      
73 
Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall 
have effect as though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the 
Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (as well after as before judgement) 
until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, 
in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue 
in accordance with Condition 6(c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Conditions 6(c), 
6(i) and 6(m) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the 
Final Redemption Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or interpretation of, 
the law of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined below), becoming effective after the Issue 
Date, the Issuer [or, the Guarantor (in respect of the Guarantee)] would on the occasion of 
the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or Coupons, not be able 
to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under 
Condition 8 below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, subject to having given not more than 45 
nor less than 30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders or, if applicable, to the holders of 
Coupons (the “Couponholders”) (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with 
Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the due date 
for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer [or, the Guarantor (in respect of the Guarantee)] could 
make payment of principal and interest without withholding for such additional amounts. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer [or, the Guarantor (in respect of the Guarantee)] would on the next payment of 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes or Coupons be prevented by the law of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, Couponholders of 
the full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional 
amounts contained in Condition 8 below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such 
fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven days’ prior notice 
to the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 14, 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption on (A) the latest 
practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer [or the Guarantor] could make 
payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes or, if applicable, 
Coupons, provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the 
date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders or, if applicable, Couponholders, 
shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment 
of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) 14 days after giving 
notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at 
any time, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given 
shall be the latest practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount

--- Page 75 ---
A50564580      
74 
payable in respect of the Notes, or, if applicable, Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon 
as practicable thereafter. 
“Relevant Jurisdiction” means the Republic of France or any other jurisdiction in which the Issuer 
[or, the Guarantor (in respect of the Guarantee)], or its successor, is or becomes organised or 
resident for tax purposes, or any political subdivision or taxing authority in, or of, any of the 
foregoing. 
(d) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer:  
If a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of 
any issue of Notes, the Issuer will, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice 
(which shall specify the Optional Redemption Date and the Specified Redemption Portion (each as 
defined below)) in accordance with Condition 14 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or 
in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date (the “Optional Redemption 
Date”) at their relevant Optional Redemption Amount multiplied by the relevant Specified 
Redemption Portion.  
The “Optional Redemption Amount” will be calculated by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms and will be an amount rounded to the nearest cent (half a cent 
being rounded upwards) being the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes 
so redeemed and (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest on such Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on 
the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if the Issuer decides 
to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer before the Residual 
Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to Condition 6(g) 
below, the Optional Redemption Amount in respect of the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
will be calculated taking into account the Residual Maturity Call Option Date pursuant to 
Condition 6(g) below and not the Maturity Date. 
The “Redemption Rate” is the average of the four quotations (eliminating the highest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the highest quotations) and the lowest quotation (or in the event 
of equality, one of the lowest quotations)) given by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual 
yield to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the fourth 
business day preceding the Optional Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time 
(CET)). 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issues or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Redemption Portion” means (i) in the case of a redemption in whole of the then 
outstanding principal amount of all Notes, 100% and (ii) in the case of a redemption of less than 
the then outstanding principal amount of all Notes, such ratio as is determined by the Issuer in its 
sole discretion and is comprised between 0% (exclusive) and 100% (exclusive). 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security specified in the Final Terms, 
will be chosen by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET))

--- Page 76 ---
A50564580      
75 
on the third business day in Paris preceding the Optional Redemption Date, quoted in writing by 
the Make-Whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified in accordance with Condition 14. 
The Redemption Rate will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption of, or a partial exercise of the Issuer’s option in respect of, 
Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the number 
of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which such option has been 
exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and 
reasonable in the circumstances and taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and requirements of the Regulated Market on which the Notes 
are admitted to trading. 
In the case of a partial redemption of, or a partial exercise of the Issuer’s option in respect of, 
Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be effected, at the option of the Issuer, either (i) by 
reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed or (ii) by redeeming in full some only of such Dematerialised 
Notes and, in such latter case, the choice between those Dematerialised Notes that will be fully 
redeemed and those Dematerialised Notes of any Series that will not be redeemed shall be made in 
accordance with Article R.213-16 of the Code, subject to compliance with any other applicable 
laws and requirements of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading. In no 
event, the outstanding nominal amount of each Note following such reduction shall be below any 
amount which would prevent the Issuer from choosing its home Member State (as such term is 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation). 
Any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6(d) shall be deemed void and of no effect 
in relation to any Note in the event that, prior to the giving of such notice by the Issuer, the relevant 
Noteholder had already delivered an Exercise Notice in relation to such Note in accordance with 
Condition 6(f) below. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated 
Market so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption 
of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General 
Regulation (Règlement Général) of the AMF and on the website of any other competent authority 
and/or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any Definitive 
Materialised Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer’s Options and Partial 
Redemption 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 
nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, or exercise any Issuer’s option (as may be 
described in the relevant Final Terms) in relation to, all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on 
any Optional Redemption Date or Option Exercise Date, as the case may be. Any such redemption 
of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount 
at least equal to the minimum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and no greater than the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 77 ---
A50564580      
76 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer’s option 
shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer’s option in respect of 
Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the 
certificate number of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which such 
option has been exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may 
be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject 
to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of or a partial exercise of an Issuer’s option in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes of any Series, the redemption may be effected, at the option of the Issuer, 
either (i) by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed or (ii) by redeeming in full some only of such Dematerialised 
Notes and, in such latter case, the choice between those Dematerialised Notes that will be fully 
redeemed and those Dematerialised Notes that will not be redeemed shall be made in accordance 
with Article R.213-16 of the Code and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
compliance with any other applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of that stock 
exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption 
of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General 
Regulation (Règlement Général) of the AMF and on the website of any other competent authority 
and/or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any Definitive 
Materialised Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options 
If Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of 
any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice 
to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option or any other Noteholders’ Option that may be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms (which must be exercised on an Option Exercise Date) the Noteholder must deposit with 
any Paying Agent at its specified office a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise 
Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent within the notice period. In the case of 
Materialised Notes, the Exercise Notice shall have attached to it the relevant Notes (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the 
Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to 
the account of the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent with a specified office in Paris as specified in 
the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or 
transferred, may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(g) 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to the 
Noteholders redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption, which shall be no earlier than (i) three months before the 
Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of not more than seven years or (ii) six months 
before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of more than seven years, until the

--- Page 78 ---
A50564580      
77 
Maturity Date (in each case, the “Residual Maturity Call Option Date”) as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than seven years or the 
maturity of more than seven years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the relevant Series of Notes. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(d) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to this Condition 6(g). 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders following a Change of Control 
If Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, and if at any time while 
any such Note remains outstanding there occurs a Change of Control of Schneider Electric SE and 
within the Change of Control Period a Rating Downgrade occurs as a result of that Change of 
Control or as a result of a Potential Change of Control (a “Put Event”), then the holder of such 
Note will have the option (the “Change of Control Put Option”) (unless, prior to the giving of 
the Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives notice of its intention to redeem such Note 
under Condition 6(c)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, to procure the 
purchase of that Note on the Optional Redemption Date (all as defined below) at its principal 
amount together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued interest to 
but excluding the Optional Redemption Date. 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(h) and for the avoidance of doubt, any reference to Schneider 
Electric SE shall refer to Schneider Electric SE, as Issuer, and, in the event of substitution of 
Schneider Electric SE in accordance with Condition 15, to Schneider Electric SE, as Guarantor.  
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that any person or persons 
acting in concert come(s) to own or acquire(s) (i) more than 50 per cent. of the issued share capital 
of Schneider Electric SE or (ii) such number of the shares in the capital of Schneider Electric SE 
carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights. 
“Change of Control Period” means: 
(i) 
pursuant to a Change of Control, the period commencing on the date of the public 
announcement of the result (avis de résultat) by the Autorité des marchés financiers 
(the “AMF”) of the relevant Change of Control and ending on the date which is 90 days 
(inclusive) after the date of the public announcement by the AMF of the relevant Change of 
Control provided that (a) a Rating Downgrade occurs during that period and (b) such Rating 
Downgrade results from a Change of Control; or 
(ii) 
pursuant to a Potential Change of Control, the period commencing 180 days prior to the date 
of the public announcement of the result (avis de résultat) by the AMF of the relevant 
Change of Control and ending on the date of such announcement (inclusive) provided that 
(a) a Rating Downgrade occurs during that period and (b) such Rating Downgrade results 
from a Potential Change of Control. 
“Rating Agency” means S&P or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing 
requested from time to time by the Issuer [or, the Guarantor] to grant a rating to the Notes and, in 
each case, their respective successors or affiliates.

--- Page 79 ---
A50564580      
78 
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control or in 
respect of a Potential Change of Control if within the Change of Control Period: 
(A) the rating previously assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency is (x) withdrawn or 
(y) changed from an investment grade rating (BBB-, or its respective equivalents for the time being, 
or better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+, or their respective equivalents for the time being, 
or worse) or (z) if the rating previously assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency was below an 
investment grade rating (as described above), lowered by at least one full rating notch, or 
(B) the Notes have no credit rating, and no Rating Agency assigns within the Change of Control 
Period an investment grade credit rating to the Notes, unless Schneider Electric SE has a credit 
rating from a Rating Agency, in which case paragraph (A) shall apply to the credit rating assigned 
to Schneider Electric SE by any Rating Agency; and 
provided that (i) a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in rating 
shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control or Potential 
Change of Control, as the case may be, if the Rating Agency making the change in rating does not 
publicly announce or publicly confirm that the reduction was the result of the Change of Control 
or the Potential Change of Control, as the case may be, and (ii) any Rating Downgrade has to be 
confirmed in a letter, or other form of written communication, sent to the Issuer [or, the Guarantor] 
and publicly disclosed. When a substitution of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 has 
occurred, the written confirmation from the relevant Rating Agency shall be promptly notified to 
the Substituted Issuer by Schneider Electric SE. 
“Potential Change of Control” means any public announcement or statement by Schneider 
Electric SE, any actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control of Schneider 
Electric SE. 
As soon as the Rating Agency authorises the Issuer [or, the Guarantor] to disclose the Rating 
Downgrade, the Issuer [or, the Guarantor] becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred shall 
promptly give notice (a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
specifying the nature of the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for 
exercising the Change of Control Put Option. When a substitution of the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 15 has occurred, the Put Event Notice shall be promptly notified to the Substituted Issuer 
by Schneider Electric SE. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may be, 
purchase of a Note following a Put Event, the holder of that Note must in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes, transfer or cause to be transferred or, in the case of Materialised Notes, deposit or cause to 
be deposited such Note (together, if applicable, with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons) with any Paying Agent at its specified office within the period (the “Put Period”) of 
45 days after the Put Event Notice is given together with a duly signed and completed notice of 
exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying 
Agent (as applicable) (a “Put Option Notice”) and in which the holder may specify a bank account 
to which payment is to be made. 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect 
of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and 
subject to the transfer of such Notes to the account of the relevant Paying Agent for the account of 
the Issuer as described above on the date which is the fifth Business Day following the end of the 
Put Period (the “Optional Redemption Date”). Payment in respect of any Note so transferred will 
be made in Euro to the holder to the specified Euro-denominated bank account in the Change of 
Control Put Option Notice on the Optional Redemption Date via the relevant Paying Agent.

--- Page 80 ---
A50564580      
79 
(i) 
Clean-Up Call Option 
If a Clean-Up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if 75 per cent. or any other 
percentage above as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-Up Percentage”) of the 
initial aggregate nominal amount of Notes of the same Series have been redeemed or purchased 
and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, in whole 
but not in part, at the Early Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, 
the date fixed for redemption, subject to the operation of the Acquisition Event Call Option as 
described below. 
(j) 
Redemption on Acquisition Event 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and an Acquisition 
Event (as defined below) occurs, the Issuer may, on giving promptly and in any event not more 
than 60 days after the occurrence of such Acquisition Event and not more than 30 nor less than 15 
days before the date set for redemption, irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14, subject to having also given notice to the Fiscal Agent, redeem in whole or in part 
or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in whole only, the Notes at the Optional Redemption 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms together, if appropriate, with any interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption. The Issuer may waive its right to call the Notes in accordance with 
this Condition 6(j) by giving notice (which shall be irrevocable) pursuant to Condition 14. 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall not be 
entitled, during a period of twelve (12) months following the exercise by the Issuer of such 
Acquisition Event Call Option to exercise a Clean-up Call Option in accordance with Condition 
6(i) with respect to such Notes.  
An "Acquisition Event" shall have occurred if: 
(i) 
on or prior to the Acquisition Event Limit Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer has not completed and closed the acquisition of the Targeted Company (as defined in 
the relevant Final Terms); or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the 
Targeted Company (as defined in the relevant Final Terms). 
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(e) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to this Condition 6(j). 
(k) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. Unless the 
possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the Final Terms, all Notes so purchased 
by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable French laws and regulations. 
(l) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation or any of its Subsidiaries will 
forthwith be cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by 
surrendering each such Materialised Note together with all unmatured Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, 
together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to

--- Page 81 ---
A50564580      
80 
such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where 
applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(m) 
Illegality 
If, by reason of any change in French law or any change in the official application of such law, 
becoming effective after the Issue Date, it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with one or more of its obligations under the Notes [or for the Guarantor to perform and comply 
with one or more of its obligations under the Guarantee], the Issuer will, subject to having given 
not more than 45 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall be made (i) in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered dematerialised 
form, by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account 
Holders for the benefit of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in 
fully registered form, to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated 
by the relevant Noteholder. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will constitute an 
effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Materialised Notes (in the case 
of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)) or 
Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)), as the case may be, (i) in 
the case of a currency other than Renminbi, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, 
by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank and (ii) in the case of 
Renminbi, by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf of the Noteholder with a 
Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of 
Euro, in a city in which banks have access to T2, or in the case of RMB, in Hong Kong. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York 
City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with 
specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Materialised Notes in the manner provided 
above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts 
and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer [or the Guarantor, if payment is being made 
under the Guarantee].

--- Page 82 ---
A50564580      
81 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall 
be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent(s), the Redenomination Agent, the 
Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent and the Consolidation Agent act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act as independent experts and, in each case, do not assume 
any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or holder of a coupon 
(a “Couponholder”). The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment 
of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent, 
the Consolidation Agent and the Calculation Agent(s), and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a 
Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) Paying Agents having specified offices 
in at least two major European cities, (v) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered 
form, a Registration Agent and, (vi) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other 
Regulated Market on which the Notes may be admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer [or the Guarantor, if payment is being made under the Guarantee] shall 
forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Materialised Notes 
denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 below. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Notes should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted 
from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the 
manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 
years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
has become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised 
Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered 
in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons, and where any such Note is presented for redemption

--- Page 83 ---
A50564580      
82 
without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the 
provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note representing it, as the case may be. Interest 
accrued on a Materialised Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be 
payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note representing 
it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and 
if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not 
be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in 
respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is 
open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial 
Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than 
Euro and Renminbi) where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank 
in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a 
payment in Euro) which is a TARGET Business Day, or (iii) (in the case of a payment in Renminbi) 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business and settlement of Renminbi 
payments in Hong Kong. 
(i) 
Payment of US Dollar Equivalent 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability 
or Illiquidity occurs or if RMB is otherwise not available to the Issuer as a result of circumstances 
beyond its control and such unavailability has been confirmed by a RMB Dealer, following which 
the Issuer is unable to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of 
RMB Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five nor more than 30-days irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, may settle any such payment (in whole or in part) 
in U.S. dollars on the due date at the US Dollar Equivalent of any such RMB denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the US Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect 
of the Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the relevant Account Holders 
for the benefit of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of the US Dollar 
Equivalent shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 10. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7(i) by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and 
all Noteholders.

--- Page 84 ---
A50564580      
83 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(i): 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of Hong Kong or any other relevant jurisdiction of a Renminbi offshore market. 
“Illiquidity” means that the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong or any other relevant 
jurisdiction of a Renminbi offshore market becomes illiquid, other than as a result of an event of 
Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two RMB Dealers as a result of 
which event the Issuer cannot, having used its reasonable endeavours, obtain sufficient RMB in 
order fully to satisfy its obligation to pay interest or principal in respect of the RMB Notes. 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general RMB exchange market in Hong 
Kong or any other relevant jurisdiction of a Renminbi offshore market, other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation). 
“Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to deliver RMB between accounts inside Hong Kong or any other relevant jurisdiction of a 
Renminbi offshore market from an account inside Hong Kong or any other relevant jurisdiction of 
a Renminbi offshore market or to an account outside Hong Kong or any other relevant jurisdiction 
of a Renminbi offshore market, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of 
the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, 
due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“RMB Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in the 
RMB exchange market in Hong Kong or any other relevant jurisdiction of a Renminbi offshore 
market reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
“RMB Note” means a Note denominated in RMB. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Agent” means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for 
the determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong 
Kong or any other relevant jurisdiction of a Renminbi offshore market and in New York City. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date for payment of the relevant RMB amount under the Conditions. 
“RMB Spot Rate” for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange 
rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in 
Hong Kong or any other relevant jurisdiction of a Renminbi offshore market for settlement on the 
relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent at the Relevant 
Time as specified in the relevant Final Terms on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-
deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither such rate is available, 
the RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at the Relevant Time as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms on the RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently

--- Page 85 ---
A50564580      
84 
available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for settlement on the relevant due date for payment 
reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the 
Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display 
page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such 
other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange 
rate. 
“US Dollar Equivalent” means the relevant RMB amount converted into U.S. dollars using the 
RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent. 
8 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Tax exemption 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes or Coupons [or payments under the Guarantee] shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts 
If the law or regulation of a Relevant Jurisdiction should require that payments of principal, interest 
or in respect of any Note or Coupon [or payments under the Guarantee] be subject to deduction or 
withholding in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within any Relevant 
Jurisdiction or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer will [or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor in the case of payments under the Guarantee], to the fullest extent then 
permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if 
applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received 
by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon [or payments under the Guarantee], 
as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a 
Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Materialised 
Notes, more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Noteholder 
or, if applicable a Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon [or payments 
under the Guarantee] means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any 
amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full 
of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is 
duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon such presentation.

--- Page 86 ---
A50564580      
85 
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable 
in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional 
Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to Condition 7 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” 
shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to 
Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be 
deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
(c) 
Supply of information 
Each Noteholder shall be responsible for supplying to the relevant Paying Agent, in a timely 
manner, any information as may be required in order to comply with the identification and reporting 
obligations imposed on it by Article 242 ter of the French Code général des impôts.  
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall 
not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of 
principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10 Events of Default 
The Representative (as defined under Condition 11), upon request of any Noteholder, may, upon written 
notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent given before all defaults shall have been cured, cause the principal 
amount of all the Notes (but not some only) held by such Noteholder to become immediately due and 
payable, together with accrued interest thereon, as of the date on which such notice for payment is received 
by the Fiscal Agent without further formality, if any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) 
shall occur: 
(i) 
in the event of default by the Issuer in the payment of principal and interest on any Note [or 
the Guarantor defaults in any payment when due under the Guarantee], when and as the 
same shall become due and payable, if such default shall not have been cured within 7 
business days from such due date; 
(ii) 
in the event of default by the Issuer [or the Guarantor] in the due performance of any other 
provision of the Notes [or the Guarantee], if such default shall not have been cured within 
21 business days after receipt by the Fiscal Agent of written notice of such default given by 
a Noteholder; 
(iii) 
any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer [, the Guarantor] or any Principal 
Subsidiary for borrowed monies in excess of Euro 200,000,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency), whether individually or in the aggregate, becomes, following, where 
applicable, the expiry of any originally applicable grace period, due and payable prior to its 
stated maturity as a result of a default thereunder, or any such indebtedness shall not be paid 
when due or, as the case may be, within any originally applicable grace period therefor or 
any steps shall be taken to enforce any security in respect of any such indebtedness or any 
guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer [, the Guarantor] or any Principal Subsidiary for, 
or in respect of, any such indebtedness of others shall not be honoured when due and called 
upon; 
(iv) 
a judgement is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a transfer of 
the whole of the business (cession totale de l’entreprise) of the Issuer [, the Guarantor] or 
any Principal Subsidiary or, to the extent permitted by law, the Issuer [, the Guarantor] or 
any Principal Subsidiary is subject to any other insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings or the 
Issuer [, the Guarantor] or any Principal Subsidiary makes any conveyance, assignment or

--- Page 87 ---
A50564580      
86 
other arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or enters into a composition with its 
creditors; 
(v) 
in the event that the Issuer [or the Guarantor] or any Principal Subsidiary ceases to carry on 
all or a material part of its or their business or other operations, except for the purposes of 
and following a merger or reorganisation (fusion, scission or apport partiel d’actifs) (i) in 
the case of the Issuer, on terms approved by a Collective Decision of the Noteholders if 
French law were to require such merger or reorganisation to be approved by a Collective 
Decision of the Noteholders or (ii) or in the case of a Principal Subsidiary, whereby the 
undertaking and assets of the Principal Subsidiary are vested in the Issuer, another of the 
Principal Subsidiaries or any other Subsidiary which as a result of such merger or 
reorganisation becomes a Principal Subsidiary; 
(vi) 
[the Guarantee is not (or is claimed by Schneider Electric SE not to be) in full force and 
effect; or] 
(vii) 
[the Issuer ceases to be a Subsidiary of Schneider Electric SE]. 
For the purpose paragraphs (iii), (iv) and (v) above, the term “Principal Subsidiary” shall have 
the same meaning as under Condition 4 hereinabove 
11 Representation of Noteholders 
In respect of the representation of the Noteholders, the following shall apply: 
(a) 
Masse 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence 
of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”), which will be subject to the below 
provisions of this Condition 11. 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce, with the exception 
of Articles L.228-48, L.228-59, L.228-65 I, 1°, 4° and 6°, the second sentence of Article L.228-65 
II, L.228-71, R.228-63 and R.228-69 of the French Code de Commerce and subject to the following 
provisions: 
(i) 
Legal Personality: The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (the “Representative”) and in part through a general meeting of the 
Noteholders (the “General Meeting”) or by consent following a Consultation in Writing 
(as defined and further described in Condition 11 b) below) (together, “Collective 
Decisions”). 
(ii) 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect 
to the Notes. 
(iii) 
Representative: The office of the Representative may be conferred on a person of any 
nationality. However, the following persons may not be chosen as Representatives: 
(a) 
the Issuer, the members of its Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration), its 
general managers (directeurs généraux), its statutory auditors, or its employees as 
well as their ascendants, descendants and spouses; or 
(b) 
companies guaranteeing all or part of the obligations of the Issuer, their respective 
managers (gérants), general managers (directeurs généraux), members of their 
Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration), Management Board (Directoire) or

--- Page 88 ---
A50564580      
87 
Supervisory Board (Conseil de surveillance), their statutory auditors, or employees 
as well as their ascendants, descendants and spouses; or 
(c) 
companies holding 10 per cent. or more of the share capital of the Issuer or 
companies having 10 per cent. or more of their share capital held by the Issuer; or 
(d) 
persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been deprived of 
the right of directing, administering or managing an enterprise in whatever capacity. 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate will be 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches 
in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or 
duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event 
of death, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the alternate 
Representative, an alternate will be elected by Collective Decision. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of 
the initial Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer 
and the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iv) 
Powers of the Representative: The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective 
Decision to the contrary) have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order 
to defend the common interests of the Noteholders. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or 
against the Representative. 
The Representative may not interfere in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(v) 
General Meeting: A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation either by 
the Issuer or by the Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-
thirtieth of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the 
Representative a demand for convocation of the General Meeting, together with the 
proposed agenda for such General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened 
within two months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of their 
members to petition a competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will 
call the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as 
provided under Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior to the date of such General Meeting 
on first convocation and 5 days on second convocation.  
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, 
correspondence, or, videoconference or any other means of telecommunications allowing 
the identification of the participating Noteholders as provided mutatis mutandis by Article 
R. 225-97 of the French Code de commerce. Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in 
the case of Notes issued with more than one Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of 
each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination comprised in the principal amount of 
the Specified Denomination of such Note.

--- Page 89 ---
A50564580      
88 
(vi) 
Powers of the General Meetings: The General Meeting is empowered to deliberate on the 
dismissal and replacement of the Representative and the alternate Representative and also 
may act with respect to any other matter that relates to the common rights, actions and 
benefits which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes, including 
authorising the Representative to act at law as plaintiff or defendant. 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of 
the Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to 
rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, 
however, that the General Meeting may not increase the liabilities (charges) of the 
Noteholders, nor establish any unequal treatment between the Noteholders, nor to decide to 
convert Notes into shares. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present 
or represented hold at least a fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by 
a two-third majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General Meetings or 
represented thereat. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the 
books of the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder on the second business 
day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant Collective Decision at 
0:00, Paris time. 
Decisions of General Meetings and Consultations in Writing must be published in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 14. 
(b) 
Consultation in Writing: Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in 
respect of any Series of Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding 
of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a 
Consultation in Writing. Subject to the following sentence a Consultation in Writing may be 
contained in one document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the French Code 
de commerce approval of a Consultation in Writing may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Consultation in Writing (including by way of Electronic Consent) 
will be published as provided under Condition 14 not less than 10 days prior to the date fixed for 
the passing of such Consultation in Writing (the “Consultation Date”). Notices seeking the 
approval of a Consultation in Writing will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be 
complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed 
Consultation in Writing. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Consultation 
in Writing Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Consultation Date. 
A “Consultation in Writing” means a resolution in writing signed or approved by or on behalf of 
the Noteholders representing not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
(c) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce: The provisions of Article 
L.228-65 I. 1°, 4° and 6° of the French Code de commerce (respectively providing for a prior 
approval by the General Meeting of the Noteholders (i) of any change in corporate purpose or form 
of the Issuer, (ii) of an issue of bonds benefiting from a security interest (sûreté réelle) or (iii) of 
any proposal to transfer the registered office of a societas europaea to another Member State of the 
European Union) and the related provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the 
Notes.

--- Page 90 ---
A50564580      
89 
(d) 
Information to Noteholders: Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right, 
during the 15- days period preceding the holding of each General Meeting on first convocation and 
during the 5- days period preceding the holding of each General Meeting on second convocation 
or the Consultation Date, to consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be 
proposed and of the reports prepared in connection with such resolutions, all of which will be 
available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer, at the 
specified offices of any of the Paying Agents during normal business hours and at any other place 
specified in the notice of the General Meeting or Consultation in Writing. Any notice to be given 
to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be given in accordance with Condition 
14(e) below.  
(e) 
Expenses: The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including 
expenses relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking a Consultation in 
Writing and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by the General Meeting or 
in writing by the Noteholders, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against 
interest payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse: The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series 
which have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with 
Condition 13, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single 
Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be 
the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(g) 
One Noteholder: If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a single Noteholder and 
unless a Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall 
exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of Condition 11. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder and shall make them 
available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(h) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: By subscribing the Notes and solely in the context of a Benchmark 
Event which leads to the application of a Benchmark Amendment, each Noteholder shall be deemed 
to have agreed and approved any Benchmark Amendments or such other necessary changes pursuant 
to Condition 5(b)(iii)(C). 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11 “outstanding” shall not include those Notes subscribed 
or purchased by the Issuer that are held by it and not cancelled in accordance with applicable French laws 
and regulations as referred to in Condition 6(j). 
12 Replacement of definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock 
exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from 
time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if 
the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently 
presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the 
Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Definitive 
Materialised Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 91 ---
A50564580      
90 
13 Further Issues and Consolidation 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes provided such Notes and the further Notes 
carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for issue date, issue price, the principal amount 
thereof and the first payment of interest) and that the terms of such Notes provide for such assimilation, 
and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
The Issuer may from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the date specified 
for a redenomination of the notes pursuant to Condition 1(d), on giving not less than 30 days’ prior notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, consolidate the Notes with one or more issues of other notes issued by it, whether or not 
originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such other notes have 
been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect 
of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
14 Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if 
either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed 
to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the 
mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Notes are admitted 
to trading on Euronext Paris, in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General 
Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF and, (b) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading 
on any other Regulated Market or other stock exchange, and, to the extent applicable, laws or 
regulations or the rules of such Regulated Market or other stock exchange(s) so require, on the 
website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to 
trading, or (c) as otherwise provided in applicable laws, regulations or rules. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) 
shall be valid if, at the option of the Issuer, they are published (i) so long as such Notes are admitted 
to trading on Euronext Paris, in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General 
Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF and, (ii) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading 
on any other stock exchange including any other Regulated Market, (a) in a leading daily newspaper 
of general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s), or other stock exchange on 
which such Notes are admitted to trading is located, if the rules applicable to such Regulated Market 
or other stock exchange so require, or (b) on the website of any other competent authority or 
Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading, or (c) or as otherwise provided in 
applicable laws, regulations or rules. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in a leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be 
deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of 
Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in 
bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes 
are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice required by 
Conditions 14(a), (b) and (c) above; except that notices will be published (a) so long as such Notes 
are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General 
Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF and (b) so long as the Notes are admitted to trading

--- Page 92 ---
A50564580      
91 
on any other Regulated Market(s) and the rules of such Regulated Market(s) so require, notices 
shall be published on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market where the 
Notes are admitted to trading, or (c) as otherwise provided in applicable laws, regulations or rules. 
(e) 
Notices relating to the convocation, decisions of General Meeting and Consultation in Writing 
pursuant to Condition 11, to any decision taken by the Issuer following a General Meeting or a 
Consultation in Writing or pursuant to Article R.236-11 of the French Code de commerce shall be 
published on the website of the Issuer (https://www.se.com) and, (i) in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes in bearer form (au porteur) by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared, 
(ii) in respect of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif), by mail to the Noteholders 
at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, and (iii) in respect of 
Materialised Notes, in accordance with Condition 14(b) above. Condition 14(c) is also applicable 
to such notices, if any such publication under Condition 14(b) is not practicable. 
15 Substitution of the Issuer 
By subscribing the Notes, each Noteholder has agreed and approved, that, subject to the provisions of this 
Condition 15, Schneider Electric SE may be replaced and may be substituted by any of its Subsidiaries as 
principal debtor in respect of the Notes, without further consent from the Noteholders pursuant to 
Condition 11, provided that no payment in respect of the Notes is at the relevant time overdue. If Schneider 
Electric SE determines that any of its Subsidiaries will become the principal debtor (in such capacity, 
the “Substituted Issuer”), Schneider Electric SE shall give no less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ notice 
to the Noteholders of each Note then outstanding of such event and, immediately on the expiry of such 
notice, the Substituted Issuer shall become the principal debtor in respect of the Notes in place of Schneider 
Electric SE and Noteholders shall thereupon cease to have any rights or claims whatsoever against 
Schneider Electric SE as principal debtor. However, no such substitution shall take effect: 
(i) 
if the effect of such substitution would, at the time of such substitution, be that payments in respect 
of any Note would be required to be made subject to any withholding or deduction which would 
not otherwise arise in the absence of such substitution, without such withholding or deduction 
being borne by the Substituted Issuer through the gross-up mechanism; 
(ii) 
until Schneider Electric SE has entered into an unconditional and irrevocable first demand 
guarantee (garantie autonome à première demande), which is substantially in the form of the Form 
of Guarantee, in respect of the obligations of such Substituted Issuer under the Notes 
(the “Guarantee”); 
(iii) 
in any case, until the Substituted Issuer shall have provided to the Fiscal Agent and the Paying 
Agents such documents as may be necessary to make each Note and the Agency Agreement legal, 
valid, binding and enforceable obligations; 
(iv) 
if the effect of such substitution would, at the time of such substitution, be that the relevant Notes 
cease to be listed and admitted to trading on the relevant Regulated Market where they are initially 
or before the substitution admitted for trading; 
(v) 
if the relevant Notes are rated at the relevant time, the Substituted Issuer has obtained, prior to the 
substitution date, a written confirmation from the Rating Agency that the substitution will not 
result in whole or in part in a withdrawal, downgrading, placement in credit-watch or negative 
outlook of the Notes; 
(vi) 
until a document describing the Substituted Issuer, the content of which would substantially 
contain the minimum requirements to be published when securities are admitted to trading under

--- Page 93 ---
A50564580      
92 
the Prospectus Regulation; such document shall be published on the website of Schneider Electric 
SE; 
(vii) 
until such Substituted Issuer is validly incorporated under the laws of its jurisdiction of 
incorporation and have obtained all authorisations and approvals necessary for the substitution 
and the fulfilment of the obligations arising under the Notes; 
(viii) 
Schneider Electrics SE has, prior to the substitution date, delivered to the Representative(s) of the 
Masse of each Series of Notes and to the Fiscal Agent for the benefit of the holders of the relevant 
Series of Notes and Coupons legal opinion(s) in such form as agreed with the Representative(s) 
of the Masse of each Series of Notes, from an international law firm of good repute in France and, 
as the case may be, legal opinion(s) from an international law firm of good repute in the 
jurisdiction of incorporation of the Substituted Issuer, confirming the legality, validity and 
enforceability of the substitution, the relevant Notes, the Guarantee, the ancillary agreements 
required to be entered into in relation to the substitution and the obligations of the Substituted 
Issuer in relation to the substitution; and 
(ix) 
if such substitution would have a material adverse impact on the interests of the Noteholders. 
In the event of such substitution, any reference in the Conditions (with the exception of Condition 6(h)) 
to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the Substituted Issuer and any reference in the 
Conditions to the Republic of France shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country of incorporation 
of the Substituted Issuer. 
Schneider Electric SE shall inform the AMF of any such substitution.  
For the purposes of this Condition: 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any person or entity at any time, a “filiale” as defined in Article L.233-
1 of the French Code de commerce (modified or re-enacted from time to time) or any other person or entity 
controlled directly or indirectly by such person or entity within the meaning of Article L.233-3 of the 
French Code de commerce. 
16 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) and all non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with them, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons may be brought 
before any competent court located in Paris.

--- Page 94 ---
A50564580      
93 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificate 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream will 
credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it 
has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) credit the accounts of 
subscribers with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream 
held by such other clearing systems with a nominal amount of Notes. Conversely, a nominal amount of 
Notes that is initially deposited with any clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream may 
similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear or Clearstream. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the 
holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance 
with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see 
“Subscription and Sale”), in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, upon certification as to non-US beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for Materialised Notes before 
interest or any amount payable in respect of the Notes will be paid. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of the Temporary Global Certificate must surrender such 
Temporary Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for the Temporary Global 
Certificate so surrendered, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal 
amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes. 
In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Materialised Notes” means, in relation to any Temporary Global 
Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be 
exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons that have not already been paid on the 
Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed in 
accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in, or substantially in, the form set 
out in Schedule 2 Part A to the Agency Agreement. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the next day succeeding the day 
that is 40 days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued 
prior to such day pursuant to Condition 13, the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall 
be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of 40 days after the issue of such further Materialised 
Notes.

--- Page 95 ---
A50564580      
94 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used by the Issuer either:  
- 
for its general corporate purposes; or 
- 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms, in the case of issue of green, social or sustainability Notes, in 
an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds, to finance or re-finance, in part or in full, new 
and/or existing (i) eligible green projects, (ii) eligible social projects or (iii) eligible sustainable 
projects; or 
- 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any particular issue of Notes for which there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds. 
In respect of green, social or sustainability Notes, the Issuer will make available the relevant framework 
on its website on or before the issue of such Notes. Such framework will further describe the above-
mentioned projects. The Issuer will apply processes for project evaluation and selection, management of 
proceeds and reporting consistent with guidelines set out in the Green Bond Principles, the Social Bond 
Principles and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the International Capital Markets 
Association (as they may be further updated). 
In that context and in relation to green Notes, and as further described in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer will allocate an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of the issuance of the Notes, directly 
or indirectly, to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, eligible green projects as defined in the relevant 
Final Terms with reference to the relevant framework or sections thereof to be published on the Issuer's 
website. 
The framework will describe, in addition to the eligibility criteria, the management of proceeds, the 
reporting and the external reviews (second party opinion and verification) applicable for the relevant 
Notes. 
In relation to social Notes, and as further described in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will allocate an 
amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of the issuance of the Notes, directly or indirectly, to finance 
or refinance, in whole or in part, eligible social projects as defined in the relevant Final Terms with 
reference to the relevant framework or sections thereof to be published on the Issuer's website. 
The framework will describe, in addition to the eligibility criteria, the management of proceeds, the 
reporting and the external reviews (second party opinion and verification) applicable for the relevant 
Notes. 
In relation to sustainability Notes, and as further described in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will 
allocate an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of the issuance of the Notes, directly or 
indirectly, to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, eligible sustainable projects as defined in the relevant 
Final Terms with reference to the relevant framework or sections thereof to be published on the Issuer's 
website. 
The framework will describe, in addition to the eligibility criteria, the management of proceeds, the 
reporting and the external reviews (second party opinion and verification) applicable for the relevant 
Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant Final Terms of green, social or sustainability Notes will provide 
the relevant details such as references to the applicable framework and methodology note (defining inter 
alia the selection criteria for eligible assets or loans) under which such Notes are issued. The Final Terms 
may direct at a relevant section of the website of the Issuer to provide such information.

--- Page 96 ---
A50564580      
95 
DESCRIPTION OF SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC SE  
The description of the Issuer set out in the 2022 Universal Registration Document has been incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus (see section "Documents Incorporated by Reference").

--- Page 97 ---
A50564580      
96 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
The appointment of M. Peter Herweck as Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général) has been 
announced at the Issuer's Board of directors meeting on 15 February 2023, as replacement for M. Jean-
Pascal Tricoire. Such appointment will be confirmed by the Issuer's Board of directors meeting to be held 
on 4 May 2023 and will be effective as of such date (which is also the date of the Issuer's annual general 
meeting). M. Jean-Pascal Tricoire will remain as Chairman of the Board. 
Information required by items 9.1 and 9.2 of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation: 
(i) 
Name: Peter Herweck. 
(ii) Function within the Issuer (as of 4 May 2023): Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général). 
(iii) Business address: 35 Rue Joseph Monier, 92500 Rueil-Malmaison. 
(iv) Principal activity outside of the Issuer: Chief executive officer of Aveva. 
(v) Potential conflicts of interest: There are no potential conflicts of interest between his duties to the 
Issuer and his private interests or her other duties

--- Page 98 ---
A50564580      
97 
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
The following is the form of Guarantee that Schneider Electric SE is expected to issue in connection with 
the substitution of Issuer provided under Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes: 
The undersigned Schneider Electric SE, a French limited liability European company (a société 
européenne) with a share capital of Euro [●] whose head-office is located at [35, rue Joseph Monier, 92500 
Rueil Malmaison, France], represented by [●], duly authorised to deliver this first demand and independent 
guarantee (garantie autonome à premiere demande) (the “Guarantee”) by [●] hereinafter referred to as 
the “Guarantor” or “Schneider Electric SE”, [and] 
[[Name of the Representative of the Masse], acting as representative acting in its name and in the name 
and on behalf of the Masse for the benefit of the Noteholders (as defined below) in accordance with the 
provisions of Article L.228-47 et seq. of the French Code de commerce (the “Representative”).] 
Schneider Electrics SE [and the Representative] hereby refer[s] to:  
(a) 
the following [brief description of the relevant Series of Notes] (ISIN: [FR●]) (the “Notes”), which 
have been issued by Schneider Electric SE on [●] under its Euro Medium Term Notes Programme 
(the “Programme”); 
(b) 
the terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”) of the Notes and in particular Condition 
15 of such Terms and Conditions; 
(c) 
the amended and restated agency agreement dated 12 April 2023 entered into between Schneider 
Electric SE as Issuer and BNP Paribas as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it, as amended 
from time to time (the “Agency Agreement”); 
(d) 
the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 12 April 2023 entered into between Schneider 
Electric SE as Issuer and the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, as amended from time to time 
(the “Dealer Agreement” and together with the Agency Agreement, the “Agreements”); 
(e) 
the transfer by Schneider Electric SE to [●], a company incorporated under the laws of [●], which 
as of the transfer date is a subsidiary of Schneider Electric SE and whose head-office is located at 
[●] (the “Substituted Issuer”) of all (but not some only) of the rights, obligations and liabilities of 
Schneider Electric SE under the Notes (including any further notes issued in accordance with 
Condition 13) and Coupons, as of [date of transfer] in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms 
and Conditions. 
The Guarantor hereby declares being fully aware of all the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 
Agreements and the Programme.  
Terms of the Guarantee 
The Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally undertakes [ in favour of the Representative (acting 
for the benefit of the Noteholders),] to pay to the holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”), upon first 
demand, any sums which [any Noteholder/ the Representative] may claim from time to time under this 
Guarantee, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. 
Any claim under the Guarantee shall be made by issuance of a written demand by the [Noteholders/ 
Representative] upon the Guarantor substantially in the form attached as Appendix 1 (Form of Demand 
Certificate) to this Guarantee (a “Demand Certificate”). 
Several Demand Certificates may be issued under this Guarantee provided that the maximum aggregate 
amount which may be claimed under this Guarantee is Euro [●] (or the equivalent therefore in any other 
currency) (such amount could be increased in the case of issue of further notes in accordance with 
Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Guarantor [and the Representative shall 
sign an amendment to such Guarantee in this respect).This Guarantee is granted in accordance with Article

--- Page 99 ---
A50564580      
98 
2321 of the French Code civil, is independent (autonome) and constitutes an autonomous obligation of the 
Guarantor towards the Noteholders. Accordingly, the Guarantor may not invoke any defence that the 
Substituted Issuer could assert against the Noteholders [or the Representative], nor rely on any exceptions 
arising out of the relationship between the Noteholders [or the Representative] and the Substituted Issuer, 
in each case for the purpose of deferring or releasing itself from the performance of its obligations under 
the Guarantee. 
The Guarantor shall pay to the Noteholders the amounts claimed in the Demand Certificate within five (5) 
business days in [Paris] (a “Business Day”). Any payment which is due to be made on that day that is not 
a Business Day shall be made on the next Business Day. If the Guarantor fails to pay any amount under 
this Guarantee on such due date, interest shall accrue on such amount from the date up to, and including, 
the date of actual payment (both before and after judgment) at a rate which is the sum of a margin of [1/2] 
per cent. and a rate equal to [€STR/other] 
The Guarantee shall remain valid even in the case where the Guarantor would no longer hold the original 
level of its participation in the share capital and/or the voting rights of the Substituted Issuer. In addition, 
it is hereby expressly agreed that any modification in the legal situation of the Guarantor, whatsoever, shall 
not release the Guarantor from its obligations under the present Guarantee, especially in case of merger, 
the absorbing entity or the new entity shall endorse the present undertakings with regard to the merger 
agreement and in case of split, the beneficiaries of the contributions resulting of such split shall endorse 
jointly and severally the Guarantor’s undertakings.  
For so long as any amount remains payable in respect of the Notes, the Guarantor will not exercise any 
right of subrogation against the Substituted Issuer pursuant to this Guarantee or take any other action that 
would result in asserting claims of the Guarantor at the same time as claims of the Noteholders, except in 
case of insolvency proceedings of the Substituted Issuer where the Guarantor may file a proof of claims 
within the Substituted Issuer’s insolvency proceedings for any indebtedness owed to it pursuant to this 
Guarantee provided that it shall procure that any remaining payment be made to the Noteholders to the 
extent necessary to repay in full any amount remaining due by the Substituted Issuer to the Noteholders 
under the Notes. 
If French law should require that any payments under the Guarantee be subject to deduction or withholding 
in respect of any taxes or duties whatsoever, the Guarantor will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, 
pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the 
Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any payment under the Guarantee . 
Ranking of the Guarantee 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the undertaking of the Guarantor below (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor and shall rank at all times pari passu and without any preference among themselves and (subject 
to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law), equally and rateably with all 
other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor. 
Negative Pledge 
The Guarantor will not, and will ensure, for the duration of the Guarantee, that none of the Principal 
Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, create or permit to subsist any mortgage, lien, charge, pledge or other 
form of security interest (sûreté réelle) (“Security”) upon any of their respective assets or revenues, 
present or future, to secure (i) any Relevant Debt (as defined below) or (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in 
respect of any Relevant Debt, except the Guarantee, unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the 
Guarantor’s obligations under the Guarantee are equally and rateably secured therewith.

--- Page 100 ---
A50564580      
99 
Where:  
“Principal Subsidiaries” means at any relevant time a Subsidiary of the Guarantor: 
(a) 
whose net operating income is at least 10 per cent. of the consolidated net operating income of the 
Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries (the “Consolidated Group”) or whose total assets 
amount to at least 10 per cent. of the total consolidated assets of the Consolidated Group, in each 
case calculated by reference to the latest audited consolidated accounts of the Guarantor; 
(b) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all the assets and undertakings of a Subsidiary which 
immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary. 
“Relevant Debt” means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money in the form of, or 
represented by, bonds (obligations) issued by the Guarantor which are for the time being, or are capable 
of being, quoted, admitted to trading or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter market 
or other securities market. 
“Subsidiary” means in relation to any person or entity at any time, any other person or entity (whether or 
not now existing) as defined in Article L.233-1 of the French Code de commerce or any other person or 
entity controlling directly or indirectly such person or entity within the meaning of Article L.233-3 of the 
French Code de commerce. 
Representation of the Guarantor 
The Guarantor hereby represents and warrants to the Noteholders that: 
(i) 
it is incorporated and validly existing under the laws of [France] and has the power to 
execute the present Guarantee and to perform the obligations expressed in it; 
(ii) 
all corporate actions to authorise the execution and the performance of the obligations of 
the present Guarantee have been duly taken; 
(iii) 
the execution of this undertaking and the exercise of its obligations under the present 
Guarantee will not conflict with (i) any constitutive document or any rule of the Guarantor; 
(ii) any material agreement or undertaking to which the Guarantor is a party; and (iii) any 
applicable law, regulation or judicial order; 
(iv) 
the obligations expressed to be assumed by the Guarantor under the present Guarantee are 
legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations in accordance with the terms hereof; and 
(v) 
no authorisation, notification or specific procedure whatsoever is required from any public 
authority whatsoever for the execution of this Guarantee or the performance of Guarantor’s 
obligations hereunder, or the exercise by the Noteholders or the Representative of their 
rights hereunder. 
Duration 
This Guarantee shall enter into force from the date of its signature and shall remain fully valid until there 
are no more outstanding Notes. 
Survival of the Guarantee 
By derogation to paragraph 4 of Article 2321 of the French Code civil, this Guarantee shall inure to the 
benefit of the Noteholders and to any person to whom it assigns or transfers any of its rights and/or 
obligations under the Notes without any notice or carrying any formality. 
The Guarantor hereby consents to any such assignment or transfer and agrees that it shall be bound 
hereunder vis-à-vis such assignee or transferee.

--- Page 101 ---
A50564580      
100 
All terms not otherwise defined in the present Guarantee shall have the meaning assigned to them in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
This Guarantee shall be governed by French law. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with, without 
limitation, its validity, interpretation, or Performance, shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of any 
competent court located in Paris. 
 
 
Executed in [●], on [●]. 
 
 
For the Guarantor, [●]. 
 
[For the Representative, [●].]

--- Page 102 ---
A50564580      
101 
APPENDIX 1 
FORM OF DEMAND CERTIFICATE 
To:  Schneider Electric SE 
 
35, rue Joseph Monier 
 
92500 Rueil-Malmaison 
 
France 
(the “Guarantor”) 
Cc: Fiscal Agent 
[Cc: Representative of the Masse] 
[Date] 
Ladies and Gentlemen, 
1. 
We refer to the first demand and independent guarantee (garantie autonome à première demande) 
granted by you, as Guarantor, on [date of the Guarantee], to the benefit of the Noteholders 
(the “Guarantee”). 
2. 
All terms and expressions defined in the Guarantee shall have the same meaning herein. 
3. 
Pursuant to terms of the Guarantee, we hereby request that you forthwith pay to the Noteholders: 
[insert currency and amount]. 
4. 
We hereby certify that: 
(i) 
an amount at least equal to the amount claimed in this Demand Certificate is due and payable 
under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such amount has not been paid by the Substituted Issuer on its due date and on the date of 
this Demand Certificate. 
5. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee, the above amount must be paid by you within [five (5)] 
Business days into account [insert account details] at [insert bank details at which account is held] 
[insert any other details relevant for payment]. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
[                   ] 
 
By: 
[●] 
Title: [●]

--- Page 103 ---
A50564580      
102 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
OVERVIEW OF DEALER AGREEMENT 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement dated 
12 April 2023 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the 
Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer 
has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. 
The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, 
as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting 
as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches 
that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by such Dealer. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make 
to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer.

--- Page 104 ---
A50564580      
103 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
commission or any regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not 
be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings ascribed to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
Materialised Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a 
U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the 
regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the 
case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche, 
as determined, and certified to the Issuer, by the Fiscal Agent, or in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated 
basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and 
it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period (as defined 
in Regulation S) a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding 
sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche of Notes, an 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act and the laws of certain states and 
jurisdictions of the United States if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an 
exemption from such registration requirements. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect to any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the EEA.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Member 
State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
that Member State at any time in circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 105 ---
A50564580      
104 
For the purposes of these provisions:  
(i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(“MiFID II”); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
(ii) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect to any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). 
For the purposes of these provisions: 
(i) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or 
(b) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(c) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(ii) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final

--- Page 106 ---
A50564580      
105 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer 
or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and  
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, Notes in France and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only 
distribute or cause to be distributed in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes to, qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, 
each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and shall not, 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
(which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration

--- Page 107 ---
A50564580      
106 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other 
relevant laws, ministerial guidelines and regulations of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
This Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms have not been approved by or registered with the 
Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong or the Registrar of Companies of Hong Kong. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes (except for Notes which are a “structured product” within the meaning of the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) other than (i) to professional 
investors as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that 
Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a prospectus, 
as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) 
of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that 
Ordinance; and 
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in 
its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the 
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be 
disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in 
the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
People’s Republic of China (PRC) 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, the offer of the Notes is not an offer of 
securities within the meaning of the securities laws of the PRC or other pertinent laws and regulations of 
the PRC and the Notes have not been offered or sold and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, 
in the PRC (for such purposes, not including the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions 
or Taiwan), except as permitted by the laws of the PRC. 
Further, no PRC persons may directly or indirectly purchase any of the Notes or any beneficial interest 
therein without obtaining all necessary prior approvals or completing all necessary registrations or filings 
that are required from PRC regulators, whether statutorily or otherwise. Persons who come into possession 
of this document are required by the Dealer and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme to 
observe these restrictions. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant

--- Page 108 ---
A50564580      
107 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, 
of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(i) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one 
or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(ii) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP 
Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 
‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to 
trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to 
this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to the public of any of the Notes, 
or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in 
any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.

--- Page 109 ---
A50564580      
108 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms or any other offering material, in all cases 
at its own expense and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed and will be required to represent and agree 
that Materialised Notes may only be issued outside of France.

--- Page 110 ---
A50564580      
109 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II[; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)]. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA[; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA]. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2 
[3MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s’] product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 
5 February 20184, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(“MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
 
1  Delete legend if the offer of the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 8(viii) 
of Part B below. Include legend if the offer of the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes 
being offered, sold or otherwise made available to EEA retail investors. In this case insert “Applicable” in paragraph 8(viii) of Part B 
below. 
2  Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, in which case, insert "Not Applicable" in paragraph 8(ix) of Part B 
below. Include legend if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to UK retail investors, insert "Applicable" in paragraph 8(ix) of Part B below.  
3 
 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
4  Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 
2023

--- Page 111 ---
A50564580      
110 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market5] Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[6UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 20187 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement 
entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market8] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]9 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]10 
 
5  ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording 
along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, 
characteristic and objectives of clients which are fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of 
the amounts invested." 
6  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
7  Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 
2023  
8  ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording 
along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, 
characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of 
the amounts invested].”  
9  The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK 
MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product 
governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
 
10  For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 
 
309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 112 ---
A50564580      
111 
Final Terms dated [●] 
SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC SE 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche][Title of notes] under 
the Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 12 April 2023 which received approval n°23-113 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the “AMF”) on 12 April 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] which 
received approval n° [●] from the AMF on [●] (the “Supplement[s]”)] [which [together] constitute[s] a 
Base Prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to 
obtain all the information. [The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement(s) [is] [are] available for viewing at 
the office of the Fiscal Agent or each of the paying agents and on the [website of the Issuer 
(https://www.se.com), and on the website of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org) and copies may be 
obtained from Schneider Electric SE, 35, rue Joseph Monier - 92500 Rueil-Malmaison, France.]] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the “Conditions”), which are the [●] EMTN Conditions which are incorporated by reference in to the 
Base Prospectus dated 12 April 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 12 April 2023 which received approval 
n°23-113 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 12 April 2023 [and the supplement(s) 
to the Base Prospectus dated [●] which received approval n°[●] from the AMF on [●] (the 
“Supplement[s]”)], which [together] constitute[s] a Base Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation 
in 
order 
to 
receive 
all 
relevant 
information, 
including 
the 
[2015/2016/2017/2018/2019/2020/2022] EMTN Conditions which are incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectuses [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] are available for 
viewing at the office of the Fiscal Agent or each of the paying agents and on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.se.com) and on the website of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org), and copies may be 
obtained from Schneider Electric SE, 35, rue Joseph Monier - 92500 Rueil-Malmaison, France.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case 
the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance 
for completing the Final Terms.] 
1 
[(i)] 
Issuer: 
Schneider Electric SE 
2 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) 
and form a single series with the existing [insert description 
of the Series] issued by the Issuer on [insert date]

--- Page 113 ---
A50564580      
112 
(the “Existing Notes”) [as from the Issue Date of this 
Tranche] [as from the date of assimilation which is expected 
to be on or about 40 days after the Issue Date 
(the “Assimilation Date”) of this Tranche] 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes admitted to trading: 
[●] 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)] 
6 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
7 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
[(ii)] 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify / Issue Date / Not Applicable] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[●] [Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and 
year] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent Fixed Rate] 
[[Specify reference rate] +/– [●] per cent Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at [●] per cent. of their nominal amount. 
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
Applicable (for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) / Not Applicable]
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate or floating 
to fixed rate change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 
below and identify there] 
12 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-Up Call Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[Acquisition Event Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
[(ii)] 
[Date of the corporate 
authorisations for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]

--- Page 114 ---
A50564580      
113 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and 
including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]:] [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [the Business 
Day Convention specified below11] [specify Business Day 
Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of “Business Day”]/not adjusted] 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]12: 
[●] per [●] in Nominal Amount 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable] [●] payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [●] 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual - ISDA / Actual/Actual ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual ([ICMA])) 
(vii) [Business Day Convention13: 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention/[Not 
Applicable]] 
(viii) Independent 
party 
with 
appropriate expertise and/or 
international repute responsible 
for 
calculating 
Interest 
Amounts (if not the Calculation 
Agent) 14: 
[●] / [Not Applicable]] 
(ix) [Relevant Time15: 
[11.00 a.m./[●]] ([Hong Kong/[●]] time)] 
15 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[In respect to Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and 
including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]:] [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(In the event where the benchmark used to calculate the 
interest payable is discontinued, Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) 
 
11 RMB Notes only 
12 Not applicable for RMB Notes 
13 RMB Notes only 
14 RMB Notes only 
 15RMB Notes only

--- Page 115 ---
A50564580      
114 
provides for a methodology to determine the successor or 
alternative rates) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(ii) Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (iii) below] 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iv) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(v) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(vi) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify dates] 
(vii) Independent 
party 
with 
appropriate expertise and/or 
international repute responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/€STR/SOFR Benchmark/SONIA (or any other 
reference rate)] 
– Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
– [Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[●]] 
– [Reference Screen Page Time:
[●]] 
– [Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR Benchmark, delete this 
paragraph) 
– [Relevant Fallback Screen 
Page] 
[●]](In the case of SONIA only) 
– [Reference Banks: 
[●]] 
– [€STR Rate of Interest 
determination: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
[€STR Lookback Compound / €STR Shift Compound]] 
– [SOFR Rate of Interest 
determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Benchmark) 
[Simple SOFR Average/Compounded Daily 
SOFR/Compounded SOFR Index]] 
– [SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
[SONIA Compounded Index Rate/SONIA Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate [with Observation Shift]/[with Lag] 
where “p” is: [specify number] London Business Days 
[being no less than [●] London Business Days]]

--- Page 116 ---
A50564580      
115 
– 
[Observation 
Look-Back
Period: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
[[●]TARGET Business Days] [Not Applicable]] 
– [Observation Shift Days: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
[[●]/TARGET Business Days] [Not Applicable]] 
– [Compounded Daily SOFR: 
(only applicable in the case of Compounded Daily SOFR) 
[SOFR lag/SOFR Observation Shift/SOFR Payment 
Delay/SOFR Lockout]] 
– [Lookback Days:  
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Lag) 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s)]] 
– [SOFR Observation Shift 
Days: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Observation Shift or 
Compounded SOFR Index) 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s)]] 
– [Interest Payment Delay 
Days: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Payment Delay) 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s)]] 
– [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
(only applicable in the case of Simple SOFR Average, 
Compounded Daily SOFR: SOFR Payment Delay or 
Compounded Daily SOFR: SOFR Lockout) 
[Not Applicable/The day that is the [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s) prior to the end of each Interest 
Period]] 
– [SOFR IndexStart: 
(only applicable in the case of Compounded SOFR Index) 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s)]] 
– [SOFR IndexEnd: 
(only applicable in the case of Compounded SOFR Index) 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s)]] 
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
(x) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(xi) Margin(s) 16: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest17 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
16  In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero. 
17 In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 117 ---
A50564580      
116 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual - ISDA / Actual/Actual ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
(xv) Rate Multiplier: 
[●] 
16 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual - ISDA / Actual/Actual ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed)/ Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17 
Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer (Condition 6(d)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[Not Applicable/ [●]] 
(ii) Reference Security: 
[●] 
(iii) Reference Dealers: 
[●] 
(iv) Similar Security: 
[Not Applicable/ [Reference bond or reference bonds issued 
by the [German Federal Government/ Republic of France/ 
[●]] having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable 
with the remaining term of the Notes that would be utilised, 
at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of 
the Notes] / [●]] 
(v) Party, 
responsible 
for 
calculating or determining any 
rate or amount under Condition 
6(d) 
(the 
“Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent”): 
[Not Applicable/ [●]] 
(vi) Redemption Margin: 
[●] 
18 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
Minimum nominal amount to 
be redeemed: 
[●] 
Maximum nominal amount to 
be redeemed: 
[●]

--- Page 118 ---
A50564580      
117 
(iv) Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●] 
(v) Notice period: 
[●] 
19 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
(iii) Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●] 
(iv) Notice period: 
[●] 
20 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
Date: 
[●] 
21 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
22 
Clean-Up Call Option  
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Clean-Up Percentage: 
(ii) Early Redemption Amount: 
[[75] per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination] 
23 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination] 
24 
Early Redemption Amount 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each 
Note 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons 
or on event of default or 
illegality and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required 
or if different from that set out 
in the Conditions): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(ii) Redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons permitted on days other 
than Interest Payment Dates: 
[Yes/No] 
(iii) Unmatured Coupons to become 
void upon early redemption 
(Bearer Notes only): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
25 
Acquisition Event Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph)  
(i) 
Acquisition Event Limit Date: 
[●] 
(ii) Targeted Company: 
[●] 
(iii) Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination

--- Page 119 ---
A50564580      
118 
(iv) Redemption in whole only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/ Materialised Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) 
(delete as appropriate) 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/ Bearer form (au porteur) only/ Registered 
form (au nominatif)] 
(ii) Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/ if Applicable give name and details] 
(Note that a Registration Agent must be appointed in relation 
to Registered Dematerialised Notes only) 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/ 
Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes on 
[●] (the “Exchange Date”) being 40 days after the Issue 
Date subject to postponement as provided in the Temporary 
Global Certificate] 
(iv) Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] 
27 
Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification of the Noteholders as 
provided by Condition 1(a)(i): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
28 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Dates:
[Not Applicable/give details.] 
Note that this item relates to the date of payment, and not the 
end dates of interest periods for the purposes of calculating 
the amount of interest to which item 15 (iv) relates] 
29 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
30 
Possibility of resale of purchased 
Notes18: 
[Yes/No] 
31 
Redenomination provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition [●]] apply] 
32 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition [●]] apply] 
33 
Masse: 
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [●] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration/The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [●]] 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of Notes 
described herein pursuant to the Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Schneider Electric SE.] 
 
 
 
18  In accordance with applicable French laws and regulations

--- Page 120 ---
A50564580      
119 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). [Each of the] [The] Issuer [and the Guarantor(s)] 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 121 ---
A50564580      
120 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Paris] with effect from [●].] [Not 
Applicable.]  
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading) 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
 RATING 
Rating: 
The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
[[●]: [●]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the rating 
if this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
[[●] is established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit ratings agencies, as 
amended. [[●] is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk).] 
[[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] not established 
in the United Kingdom and [is][are] not registered under 
Regulation (EU) N° 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The 
rating[s] of the Notes issued by [insert name of relevant EEA 
CRA(s)] [is/are] endorsed by [insert name of relevant UK 
CRA(s)], in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and 
[has][have] not been withdrawn. As such, the rating[s] issued by 
[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] may be used for regulatory 
purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3 
 [NOTIFICATION 
The Autorité des marchés financiers in France [has been requested to provide/has provided - include first 
alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update of the Programme and 
the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [include names of competent authorities of host Member 
States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4 
 REASONS FOR THE ISSUE AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
  
[●]/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer’s 
general corporate purposes.]/[The Notes constitute
[green/social/sustainability] Notes and an amount
equal or equivalent to the net proceeds will be used to

--- Page 122 ---
A50564580      
121 
finance or re-finance [describe specific Eligible
Projects and/or availability of any relevant 
framework, second party opinion together with the
relevant hyperlinks and/or other relevant information 
where such information can be obtained, etc…]] 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding) 
5 
 [INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue 
of the Notes has an interest material to the issue.”] 
[[The/Certain] [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged and may in the future engage in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other activities for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.]  
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]] 
6 
 [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
 
7 
 [Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
Details 
of 
performance 
of 
[EURIBOR/€STR/SOFR
Benchmark/SONIA/other] rates can be obtained [but not] free of 
charge from [Reuters]. 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference 
to [EURIBOR/€STR/[●]SOFR Benchmark/SONIA/other] which 
is provided by [●]. [As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended).]] 
As far as the Issuer is aware, [[●] does not fall within the scope 
of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that 
regulation] / [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the
Benchmarks Regulation apply], such that [●] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]].

--- Page 123 ---
A50564580      
122 
8 
 DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
(ii) If 
syndicated, 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting commitments: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and underwriting
commitments] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to underwrite 
the issue on a firm commitment basis and names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment 
or on a “best efforts” basis if such entities are not the same as the
Managers. Where not all of the issue is underwritten, include a 
statement of the portion not covered.) 
(iii) Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[●] 
(iv) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(vi) Total 
commission 
and 
concession: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(vii) The aggregate principal amount 
of 
Notes 
issued 
has 
been 
translated into [Euro] at the rate 
of [●], producing a sum of (for 
Notes 
not 
denominated 
in 
[Euro]): 
 
[Not Applicable/[Euro][●]] 
(viii) Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be specified and the 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” on 
the cover page of the Final Terms should be included. For the 
purpose of the above, a “packaged” product shall designate a 
“packaged retail investment product” which means in accordance 
with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 November 2014 an 
investment, where, regardless of the legal form of the investment, 
the amount repayable to the retail investor is subject to 
fluctuations because of exposure to reference values or to the 
performance of one or more assets which are not directly 
purchased by the retail investor.) 
(ix) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be specified and the 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” on 
the cover page of the Final Terms should be included. For the

--- Page 124 ---
A50564580      
123 
purpose of the above, a “packaged” product shall designate a 
“packaged retail investment product” which means in accordance 
with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 November 2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
Withdrawal Agreement, an investment, where, regardless of the 
legal form of the investment, the amount repayable to the retail 
investor is subject to fluctuations because of exposure to reference 
values or to the performance of one or more assets which are not 
directly purchased by the retail investor.) 
9 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]

--- Page 125 ---
A50564580      
124 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. 
2. This Base Prospectus will be valid for a period of twelve (12) months until 12 April 2024 provided that it 
is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the 
occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the 
information included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may 
affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will no longer apply. Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other regulated market in a 
Member State of the EEA. In accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer may from 
time to time request from the AMF that a certificate of approval specifying that the Base Prospectus has 
been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation be notified to the competent authority of any 
other Member State of the EEA.  
3. No authorisation procedures are required of the Issuer under French law for the update of the Programme. 
Drawdown of Notes under the Programme, to the extent such Notes constitute obligations, have been 
authorised by the Board of Directors (Conseil d’Administration) of the Issuer on 28 March 2023. 
Any drawdown of Notes, to the extent that such Notes do not constitute obligations, fall within the general 
powers of the Chairman of the Board of Directors (Président du Conseil d’Administration) or one of the 
directeurs généraux of the Issuer. 
4. The long-term corporate rating of the Issuer by S&P is A- (stable outlook). 
5. There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the 
Group since 31 December 2022. 
6. There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. 
7. Except as disclosed in the information incorporated by reference herein, the Issuer is not aware of any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened) involving the Issuer during the past 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
8. As of the date hereof, to the Issuer's knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the 
private interests and/or other duties of members of the board of directors of the Issuer and the duties they 
owe to the Issuer. 
9. Notes may be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems which are entities in 
charge of keeping the records. The Common Code, the ISIN and (where applicable) the identification 
number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg.

--- Page 126 ---
A50564580      
125 
10. Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) will also be inscribed either with the 
Issuer or with the registration agent. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
11. For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be 
available for inspection on the website of the Issuer (https://www.se.com) and (with respect to (iii) and (iv) 
below only) during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays 
excepted), at the office of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents: 
(i) 
the up to date constitutive documents (statuts) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the 2022 Universal Registration Document and the 2021 Universal Registration Document; 
(iii) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any stock exchange 
or any other Regulated Market; 
(iv) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference; and 
(v) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the 
Issuer’s request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
12. The following documents will be available on the websites of the Issuer (https://www.se.com) and of the 
AMF (https://www.amf-france.org): 
(i) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris; 
(ii) 
the Base Prospectus; and 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
13. The Notes to be issued by the Issuer qualify under Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (“Regulation S”). Notes will be issued in compliance with US Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “D Rules”) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that such Materialised Notes are 
issued in compliance with US Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “C Rules”), or (ii) such Notes are 
issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes 
will not constitute “registration required obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms 
as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
14. Mazars at Tour Exaltis, 61, rue Henri Regnault, 92075 La Défense Cedex, France, and Ernst & Young & 
Autres at Tour First – 1, place des Saisons, 92037 Paris La Défense Cedex, France have audited and 
rendered an unqualified audit report on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 
31 December 2021.  
Mazars at Tour Exaltis, 61, rue Henri Regnault, 92075 La Défense Cedex, France, and 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit at 63, rue de Villiers, 92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex, France have audited 
and rendered an unqualified audit report on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year 
ended 31 December 2022.  
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit at 63, rue de Villiers, 92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex, France has been 
appointed as statutory auditors of the Issuer by the shareholders’ meeting (assemblée générale des 
actionnaires) of the Issuer held on 5 May 2022. 
Mazars, Ernst & Young & Autres and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit are regulated by the Haut Conseil du 
Commissariat aux Comptes and duly authorised as Commissaires aux Comptes. The French auditors carry

--- Page 127 ---
A50564580      
126 
out their duties in accordance with the principles of Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes 
and are members of the CNCC professional body. 
15. In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation 
may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the Final Terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must 
be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
16. Unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€” “EURO” or “Euro” are to 
the single currency of the participating Member States of the European Union, references to “CHF” or 
“Swiss Francs” are to the lawful currency of the Swiss Confederation, references to “U.S. dollars” or 
“USD” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to “Yen”, “JPY” or 
“Japanese Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan, references to “£”, “pounds sterling” or “Sterling” 
are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, and references to “Yuan”, “RMB”, “CNY” or 
“Renminbi” are to the Chinese Yuan Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC. References in this Base 
Prospectus to “day” or “days” are to a calendar day or to calendar days, respectively. 
17. Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks” for the 
purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, a statement will be included in the relevant Final 
Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is included in ESMA's register 
of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.  
18. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 969500A1YF1XUYYXS284. 
19. The website of the Issuer is https://www.se.com. The information on such website does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 128 ---
A50564580      
127 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
In the name of the Issuer 
The Issuer declares, to the best of its knowledge, that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Schneider Electric SE 
35, rue Joseph Monier 
92500 Rueil-Malmaison 
France 
Duly represented by: 
Véronique Blanc 
Senior Vice President Financing and Treasury of the Issuer 
 
Duly authorised 
on 12 April 2023 
 
 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having 
verified that the information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 12 April 2023 is valid until 12 April 2024 and shall, within 
this period and pursuant to the conditions set by Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, 
be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial 
errors or inaccuracies. The Base Prospectus has the following approval number: 23-113.

--- Page 129 ---
A50564580      
128 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Schneider Electric SE 
35, rue Joseph Monier 
92500 Rueil-Malmaison 
France 
Tel: +33 (0) 1 41 29 70 00 
 
ARRANGER 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
DEALERS 
Banco Santander, S.A.  
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar  
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51, rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France  
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 130 ---
A50564580      
129 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
BNP Paribas 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantins 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
Mazars 
Tour Exaltis 
61, rue Henri Regnault 
92075 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
Up to 5 May 2022 
Ernst & Young & Autres 
Tour First – 1, place des Saisons 
92037 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
As of 5 May 2022 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
in respect of French law 
To the Dealers 
in respect of French law 
Herbert Smith Freehills Paris LLP 
66, avenue Marceau 
75008 Paris 
France 
Linklaters LLP 
25, rue de Marignan 
75008 Paris 
France