--- Page 1 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Seaspan Corporation 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Joint Bookrunners: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Vancouver, 4 May 2021

--- Page 2 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
2
Important information 
 
The Base Prospectus is based on sources such as annual reports and publicly available information and forward-
looking information based on current expectations, estimates and projections about global economic conditions, as 
well as the economic conditions of the regions and industries that are major markets for Seaspan Corporation (the 
“Company”, “Seaspan” or “we”). 
 
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in Chapter 2 Risk factors, and elsewhere in the 
Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability of an investment in the bonds. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any bonds includes a legend 
titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors", the bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive II (‘MiFID II’); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Directive. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "Packaged Retail 
Investment and Insurance-Based Products, PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the bonds or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPS Regulation. 
 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any bonds will include a legend titled 
"MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the bonds (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Bookrunners, available at their websites 
(www.dnb.no and www.fearnleysecurities.com).  
 
The Joint Bookrunners and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be a 
market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus and may 
perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such instruments. The Joint 
Bookrunners' corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager for this Company in private and/or 
public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly known.   
 
Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or into or made available in 
the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not 
distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or into the United States. 
 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being made or will be 
made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from 
registration requirements. 
 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example in non-EEA 
countries. Approval of the Base Prospectus by Finanstilsynet (the Norwegian FSA) implies that the Base Prospectus 
may be used in any EEA country and the UK. No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to 
distribute the Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
 
The Base Prospectus dated 4 May 2021 together with a Final Terms and any supplements to these documents 
constitute the Prospectus. 
 
The content of this Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential investors should 
seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
 
Unless otherwise stated, this Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute regarding 
the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS:  
 
1 RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................4 
2 DEFINITIONS ................................................................................................................. 12 
3 PERSONS RESPONSIBLE .................................................................................................. 13 
4 STATUTORY AUDITORS ................................................................................................... 14 
5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER ................................................................................... 15 
6 BUSINESS OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................... 17 
7 ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE ........................................................................................ 20 
8 TREND INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 21 
9 ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ............................................. 22 
10 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS ................................................................................................ 24 
11 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES ...................................................... 25 
12 MATERIAL CONTRACTS .................................................................................................. 27 
13 DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ................................................................................................ 29 
14 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS THAT CAN BE ISSUED UNDER THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................ 30 
15 THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND STATEMENT BY EXPERTS AND DECLARATIONS OF 
ANY INTEREST ....................................................................................................... 39 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST .................................................................................................... 40 
JOINT BOOKRUNNERS' DISCLAIMER .................................................................................... 41 
ANNEX 1 SEASPAN CORPORATION ...................................................................................... 42 
ANNEX 2 TEMPLATE FOR FINAL TERMS FOR FIXED AND FLOATING RATE BONDS ...................... 43

--- Page 4 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
4
1 Risk factors   
Investing in bonds issued by Seaspan Corporation involves inherent risks.   
 
The risks and uncertainties described in the Prospectus are risks of which the Company is aware and that the 
Company considers to be material to its business. If any of these risks were to occur, the Company’s business, 
financial position, operating results or cash flows could be materially adversely affected, and the Company could 
be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the bonds.  Prospective investors 
should carefully consider, among other things, the risk factors set out in this Base Prospectus, before making an 
investment decision. The risk factors set out in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms cover the Company and 
the bonds issued by the Company, respectively. 
 
The risks and uncertainties discussed below are risks that the Company's management currently views as most 
material and are (in each category), in the assessment of the Company, after making due and reasonable efforts, 
aspired to be set out in order of priority taking into account the negative impact on the Company should such risks 
materialize, and the likelihood of their occurrence. 
 
An investment in the bonds is suitable only for investors who understand the risk factors associated with this type 
of investment and who can afford a loss of all or part of their investment. Any investor must conduct its own 
investigations and analysis of the Company and should consult his or her own expert advisors as to the suitability 
of any investment. 
  
Risks related to our Business 
Adverse economic conditions and other developments may affect the ability of our charterers, shipbuilders 
and relevant refund guarantors to fulfill their obligations under agreements with us. 
Our vessels are primarily chartered to customers under long-term time charters and payments to us under 
those charters account for the vast majority of our revenue. Many of our customers finance their activities through 
cash flow from operations, the incurrence of debt or the issuance of equity. Any significant financial and economic 
disruption, or any other negative developments that reduce the ability of our customers to make charter payments 
to us (such as the COVID-19 pandemic, bankruptcy of a customer, decline in global trade, industry over-capacity 
of containerships, low freight rates, asset write-downs or incurring losses) could materially harm our business, 
results of operations and financial condition.  
Similarly, shipbuilders that we engage to construct newbuilding vessels may be affected by future instability 
of the financial markets and other market conditions or developments, including the fluctuating price of commodities 
and currency exchange rates and global disruptions to markets and supply chains (including due to COVID-19). In 
addition, the refund guarantors under shipbuilding contracts (which are banks, financial institutions and other credit 
agencies that guarantee, under certain circumstances, the repayment of installment payments we make to the 
shipbuilders) may also be negatively affected by adverse market conditions and, as a result, may be unable or 
unwilling to meet their obligations due to their own financial condition. We have entered into shipbuilding contracts 
for the construction of 37 vessels. If any of our shipbuilders or the refund guarantors are unable or unwilling to meet 
their obligations to us, this may harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Over time, containership values and charter rates may fluctuate substantially, which could adversely affect 
our operating results. 
Containership values can fluctuate substantially over time due to a number of different factors, including, but 
not limited to: 
• 
prevailing economic conditions in the market in which the containership trades; 
• 
a substantial or extended decline in world trade; 
• 
increases or decreases in containership capacity; and 
• 
the cost of retrofitting or modifying existing ships, as a result of technological advances in vessel 
design or equipment, changes in applicable environmental or other regulations or standards, or 
otherwise. 
If a charter terminates, we may be unable to re-deploy the vessel at attractive rates, or at all, and rather 
than continue to incur costs to maintain and finance the vessel, may seek to dispose of it. Our inability to dispose 
of the containership at a reasonable price, or at all, could result in a loss on its sale and harm our business, results 
of operations and financial condition. Further, if we determine at any time that a vessel’s future useful life and 
earnings require us to impair its value on our financial statements, we may need to recognize a significant charge 
against our earnings.

--- Page 5 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
5
If a more active short-term or spot containership market develops, we may have more difficulty entering 
into long-term, fixed-rate time charters and our existing customers may begin to pressure us to reduce 
charter rates. 
One of our principal strategies is to enter into long-term, fixed-rate time charters. As more vessels become 
available for the short-term or spot market, we may have difficulty entering into additional long-term, fixed-rate time 
charters for our vessels due to the increased supply of vessels. As of March 1, 2021, 51 of our vessels are subject 
to short-term charter market rates. For our vessels that are or will be off-charter, there is no assurance that 
replacement charters will be secured and if secured, at what rates or for what duration. As a result, our cash flow 
may be subject to instability in the long-term.  
A more active short-term or spot containership market may require us to enter into charters based on 
changing market prices, which could result in a decrease in our cash flow in periods when the market price for 
containerships is depressed or insufficient funds are available to cover our financing costs for related vessels. In 
recent years, the rates in the short term or spot market have been lower than the rates we have obtained under our 
long-term, fixed rate charters due to oversupply. In addition, the development of an active short-term or spot 
containership market could affect rates under our existing time charters as our current customers may begin to 
pressure us to reduce our rates.  
We derive our charter revenue from a limited number of customers. The loss of any of our customers and 
their associated long-term charters or any material decrease in payments under such charters could 
materially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
As at December 31, 2020, Seaspan had nine customers. The following table shows the number of vessels 
in Seaspan’s operating fleet that were chartered to such customers and the percentage of its total revenue 
attributable to the charters with such customers for the year ended December 31, 2020: 
 
Customer 
 
Number of Vessels in our 
Operating Fleet Chartered 
to Such Customer 
 
Percentage of 
Total Revenue 
for the Year Ended 
December 31, 2020  
COSCO 
 
39   
32.8 % 
Yang Ming Marine 
 
16   
20.9 % 
ONE 
 
25   
19.4 % 
Other 
 
47   
26.9 % 
 
 
127   
100.0 % 
 
Under some circumstances, Seaspan could lose a time charter or payments under the charter if: 
• 
the customer fails to make charter payments because of financial inability or distress, disagreements 
with Seaspan, defaults on a payment or otherwise; 
• 
at the time of delivery, the vessel subject to the time charter differs in its specifications from those 
agreed upon under the shipbuilding contract; or 
• 
the customer exercises certain limited rights to terminate the charter, including (1) if the ship fails to 
meet certain guaranteed speed and fuel consumption requirements and Seaspan is unable to rectify 
the situation or otherwise reach a mutually acceptable settlement and (2) under some charters if the 
vessel is unavailable for operation for certain reasons for a specified period of time, or if delivery of 
a newbuilding vessel is delayed for a prolonged period of time. 
Any such circumstance could lead to significant reductions in Seaspan’s revenues, commercial disputes, 
receivable collection issues, and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse impact on its 
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Further, as liner companies (including existing customers) 
consolidate through merger, joint ventures or alliances, Seapsan’s risk relative to the concentration of its customers 
may increase. The loss of any customer contracts, particularly long-term charters, or customers could materially 
harm Seaspan’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The growth of our containership business and our ability to recharter our vessels depend on our ability to 
expand relationships with existing customers and develop relationships with new customers, for which we 
will face substantial competition. 
We intend to acquire additional containerships as market conditions allow in conjunction with entering 
primarily into additional fixed-rate time charters for such ships, and to recharter our existing vessels following the 
expiration of their current long-term time charters to the extent we retain those vessels in our fleet. The process of 
obtaining new time charters is highly competitive and generally involves an intensive screening process and 
competitive bids, and often extends for several months in regard to newbuilding containerships. Containership 
charters are awarded based upon a variety of factors relating to the vessel operator, including, among others: 
• 
shipping industry relationships and reputation for customer service and safety;

--- Page 6 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
6
• 
container shipping experience and quality of ship operations, including cost effectiveness; 
• 
quality and experience of seafaring crew; 
• 
the ability to finance containerships at competitive rates and the shipowner’s financial stability 
generally; 
• 
relationships with shipyards and the ability to get suitable berths; 
• 
construction management experience, including the ability to obtain on-time delivery of new ships 
according to customer specifications; 
• 
willingness to accept operational risks pursuant to the charter, such as allowing termination of the 
charter for force majeure events; and 
• 
competitiveness of the bid in terms of overall price. 
Competition for providing new containerships for chartering purposes comes from a number of experienced 
shipping companies, including direct competition from other independent charter owners and indirect competition 
from state-sponsored and other major entities with their own or leased fleets. Some of our peers have significantly 
greater financial resources than we do and may be able to offer better charter rates. Some of our peers have entered 
into joint ventures to charter their containerships, and may be able to better satisfy customer demands. An 
increasing number of marine transportation companies have entered the containership sector, including many with 
strong brand recognition and extensive resources and experience in the marine transportation industry. This 
increased competition may cause greater price competition for time charters. As a result of these factors, we may 
be unable to expand our relationships with existing customers or develop relationships with new customers on a 
profitable basis, if at all, which would harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. These risks 
will be heightened to the extent that we enter into newbuilding or other vessel acquisition contracts prior to entering 
into charters for such vessels. 
Delays in deliveries of our newbuilding containerships could harm our business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
We are currently under contract to purchase 37 newbuilding containerships, which are scheduled to be 
delivered at various times through 2024. The delivery of these containerships, or any other containerships we may 
order, could be delayed, which would delay our receipt of revenue under the charters for the containerships and, if 
the delay is prolonged, could permit our customers to terminate the newbuilding containership charter. Delivery of 
newbuilds could be delayed temporarily or indefinitely because of, among others, quality or engineering problems, 
work stoppages or other labour disturbances at the shipyard (including COVID-19), bankruptcy or other financial 
crisis of the shipbuilder, a backlog of orders at the shipyard, changes in governmental regulations or maritime self-
regulatory organization standards, our requests for changes to the original containership specifications, shortages 
of or delays in the receipt of necessary construction materials, such as steel, our failure to obtain financing for the 
vessels or any failure of our banks to provide debt financing, or a disruption to the financial markets. If delivery of a 
containership is materially delayed or if a shipbuilding contract is terminated, it could harm our business, results of 
operations and financial condition.   
Risks inherent in the operation of ocean-going vessels could harm our reputation, business, results of 
operation and financial condition. 
The operation of ocean-going vessels carries inherent risks, including dangers associated with potential 
marine disasters, environmental accidents, collisions, cargo and property losses or damage, and business 
interruptions caused by mechanical failure, human error, war, terrorism, political action in various countries, labor 
strikes or adverse weather conditions. Such occurrences could result in death or injury to persons, loss of property 
or environmental damage, delays in the delivery of cargo, loss of revenue from or termination of charter contracts, 
governmental fines, penalties or restrictions on conducting business, higher insurance rates, and damage to our 
reputation and customer relationships generally. The involvement of our vessels in an environmental disaster could 
harm our reputation as a safe and reliable vessel owner and operator. Any of these circumstances or events could 
harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Piracy is an inherent risk in the operation of ocean-going vessels and has historically affected vessels trading 
in certain regions of the world. We may not be adequately insured to cover losses from these incidents, which could 
harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, crew costs, including for employing 
onboard security guards, could increase in such circumstances. Any of these events, or the loss of use of a vessel 
due to piracy, may harm our customers, impairing their ability to make payments to us under our charters, which 
would harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Public health threats, influenza and other highly communicable diseases or viruses, outbreaks of which have 
from time to time occurred in various parts of the world in which we operate could adversely impact our operations 
as well as the operations of our customers. The outbreak of COVID-19, for example, delayed completion of repairs 
and significant projects on drydocked vessels in some instances, resulting in additional costs, due to restrictions on 
access to shipyards and limitations on the supply chain generally.

--- Page 7 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
7
The smuggling of drugs or other contraband onto our vessels may lead to governmental claims against us. 
 
We expect that our vessels will call in ports in South America and other areas where smugglers attempt to 
hide drugs and other contraband on vessels, with or without the knowledge of crew members. To the extent our 
vessels are found with contraband, whether inside or attached to the hull of our vessel and whether with or without 
the knowledge of any of our crew, we may face governmental or other regulatory claims, which could have an 
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Disruptions and security threats to our technology systems could negatively impact our business.  
In the ordinary course of business, we rely on the security of information and operational technology systems, 
including those of our business partners and other third parties, to manage or support a variety of business activities 
including operating and navigating our containership fleet; tracking container contents and delivery; maintaining 
vessel infrastructure; communicating with personnel, management, customers and business partners; collecting, 
processing, transmitting and storing electronic information, including personal, employee, business, financial and 
operational data; facilitating business and financial transactions; and providing services to our customers. A cyber-
attack on us or our business partners could significantly disrupt these and other commercial activities and business 
functions resulting in a loss of revenue and customer relationships.  For operational technology in particular, a 
cyber-attack could result in physical damage to assets and infrastructure, injury or loss of life and environmental 
harm.  Further, as the methods of cyber-attacks continue to evolve, we will likely be required to expend additional 
resources to enhance and supplement our existing protective measures. Any successful cyber-attack could also 
result in significant costs associated with the investigation and remediation of our technology systems, as well as 
increased regulatory and legal liability.  
Increased technological innovation in competing vessels could reduce our charter hire rates and the value 
of our vessels. 
The charter hire rates and the value and operational life of a vessel are determined by a number of factors, 
including the vessel’s efficiency, operational flexibility and physical life. Efficiency includes speed, fuel economy 
and the ability to be loaded and unloaded quickly. Flexibility includes the ability to enter harbors, utilize related 
docking facilities and pass through canals and straits. Physical life is related to the original design and construction, 
maintenance and the impact of the stress of operations. If new containerships are built that are more efficient or 
flexible or have longer physical lives than our vessels, competition from these more technologically advanced 
containerships could adversely affect the amount of charter hire payments we receive for our vessels once their 
initial charters end and the resale value of our vessels. As a result, our business, results of operations and financial 
condition could be harmed. 
 
Risks related to our Indebtedness 
We may not be able to repurchase our debt securities upon the occurrence of a change of control or in 
connection with the exercise by the holders of such securities of their right to call for early redemption. 
Under the terms of certain of our debt securities upon the occurrence of a change of control (as defined in 
the relevant indentures), we may be required to purchase all or a portion of such securiites then outstanding at a 
purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest. If a change of 
control were to occur, we may not have sufficient funds to pay the purchase price for the outstanding securites 
tendered and, in such case, expect that we would require third-party financing; however, we may not be able to 
obtain such financing on favorable terms, if at all. In addition, the occurrence of a change of control may result in 
an event of default under, or require us to purchase, our other existing or future senior indebtedness. Moreover, the 
exercise by the holders of their right to require us to purchase the Notes could cause a default under our existing 
or future senior indebtedness, even if the occurrence of a change of control itself does not, due to the financial 
effect of such purchase on us and our subsidiaries. Our failure to purchase tendered Notes at a time when the 
purchase is required by the indenture would constitute an event of default under the indenture, which, in turn, may 
constitute an event of default under future debt. 
In addition, each holder of the Fairfax Notes has the right once a year, at its option, to require us to purchase 
some or all of the Fairfax Notes held by such holder at a purchase price of 100% of the principal amount thereof 
plus accrued and unpaid interest. On December 10, 2020, Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited, on behalf of itself and 
its affiliates (“Fairfax”), undertook not to exercise its right to call for early redemption of the Fairfax Notes on their 
respective anniversary dates in 2022. Thus, the Fairfax Notes are not puttable to us until 2023. However, should 
Fairfax exercise its put right in future, we may not have sufficient funds to pay the purchase price for any part of the 
Fairfax Notes tendered.  As stated above, if this were to happen, it could cause a default under our existing or future 
senior indebtedness, even if the exercise of that right itself does not, due to the financial effect of such purchase on 
us and our subsidiaries, and our failure to purchase tendered Fairfax Notes would constitute an event of default 
under the indenture, which, in turn, may constitute an event of default under existing or future debt.  
Our substantial debt levels and vessel lease and other financing obligations may limit our flexibility in

--- Page 8 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
8
obtaining additional financing and in pursuing other business opportunities. 
As of December 31, 2020, we had $3.5 billion in aggregate principal amount of debt outstanding under our 
credit facilities and Notes, and vessel lease and other arrangements of approximately $1.8 billion. In February 2021, 
we issued $200.0 million of the Bonds, and we have been actively pursuing other sources of financing, including 
debt financing. In particular, we expect to incur substantial additional indebtedness to finance the 37 newbuilding 
and four secondhand containerships that we have contracted to purchase, having an aggregate purchase price of 
approximately $4.7 billion. 
Our level of debt and vessel lease and other financing obligations could have important consequences to us, 
including the following: 
• 
our ability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, for working capital, capital expenditures, 
acquisitions or other purposes, may be impaired or such financing may not be available on favorable 
terms, or at all; 
• 
we may need to use a substantial portion of our cash from operations to make principal and interest 
payments on our debt or make our lease payments, reducing the funds that would otherwise be 
available for operation and future business opportunities; 
• 
our debt level could make us more vulnerable to competitive pressures, a downturn in our business 
or the economy generally than our competitors with less debt; and 
• 
our debt level may limit our flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions. 
Our ability to service our debt and vessel lease and other arrangements will depend upon, among other 
things, our financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic, financial, business 
and regulatory conditions, as well as other factors, some of which are beyond our control. If our results of operations 
are not sufficient to service our current or future indebtedness and vessel lease and other obligations, we will be 
forced to take actions such as reducing or delaying our business activities, acquisitions, investments or capital 
expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our debt, or seeking additional equity capital or bankruptcy 
protection. We may not be able to effect any of these remedies on satisfactory terms, or at all. 
Disruptions in global capital markets and economic conditions or changes in lending practices may harm 
our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms, which could hinder or prevent us from meeting our 
capital needs. 
We rely on the global capital markets, especially the credit markets, to satisfy a significant portion of our 
capital requirements. Beginning in February 2020, due in part to fears associated with the spread of COVID-19, 
global capital markets experienced significant volatility and a steep and abrupt downturn. Although the U.S. markets 
rebounded during the latter half of 2020, ending 2020 at all-time highs, and vaccine programs are being 
administered worldwide, we cannot be certain when the COVID-19 pandemic will be over or that subsequently 
waves or variants of the virus will not again disrupt global markets and economic activity. Significant instability or 
disruptions of the capital markets or deterioration of our financial position due to internal or external factors could 
restrict or eliminate our access to, and/or significantly increase the cost of, various financing sources, including 
bank credit facilities and issuance of corporate bonds. This could occur because our lenders could become unwilling 
or unable to meet their funding obligations or we may not be able to obtain funds at the interest rate agreed to in 
our credit facilities due to market disruption events or increased funding costs. Such instability or disruptions in the 
capital markets may also cause lenders to be unwilling to provide us with new financing to the extent needed to 
fund our ongoing operations and growth. In recent years, the number of lenders for shipping companies has 
decreased and ship-funding lenders have generally lowered their loan-to-value ratios, shortened loan terms and 
accelerated repayment schedules. These factors may hinder our ability to access financing.   
 
Risks related to Regulation and Tax 
Failure to comply with applicable anti-bribery and corruption laws could result in fines, criminal penalties, 
terminations of charters and other significant contracts, and an adverse effect on our business. 
We operate in a number of countries throughout the world, including countries known to have a reputation 
for corruption. We are committed to doing business in accordance with applicable anti-bribery and corruption laws 
and have adopted a Standards of Business Conduct Policy which is consistent and in full compliance with the UK 
Bribery Act 2010 and the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the “FCPA”). We train our personnel 
concerning anti-bribery and corruption laws and issues, and also inform our partners, subcontractors, suppliers, 
agents and others who work for us or on our behalf that they must comply with anti-bribery and corruption law 
requirements. We are subject, however, to the risk that we, our affiliated entities or our or their respective officers, 
directors, employees and agents, or the third parties with which we do business, may take actions determined to 
be in violation of such anti-bribery and corruption laws, including the UK Bribery Act and FCPA. Any such violation 
could result in substantial fines, sanctions, civil and/or criminal penalties and curtailment of operations in certain 
jurisdictions, as well as potential default under our charters, debt instruments and other significant contracts. Actual 
or alleged violations could also damage our reputation and ability to do business, all of which could adversely impact 
our results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 9 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
9
We are subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental regulations that can adversely 
affect the cost, manner or feasibility of doing business. 
 
Our operations are subject to numerous national and international regulations which may significantly 
affect the cost and risk of ownership and operation of our vessels. These regulations include, but are not limited to: 
U.S. Oil Pollution Act of 1990; the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act; the 
U.S. Clean Air Act of 1970 (including its amendments of 1977 and 1990); the U.S. Clean Water Act; requirements 
of the United States Coast Guard; requirements of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency; regulations of the 
International Maritime Organization ("IMO"), including the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution 
from Ships, 1973, as modified by the Protocol of 1978 relating thereto, as from time to time amended including 
designation of Emission Control Areas thereunder; the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea, as 
from time to time amended; the IMO's International Management Code for the Safe Operation of Ships and Pollution 
Prevention; the International Convention on Load Lines of 1966, as from time to time amended; the IMO 
International Convention on Civil Liability for Oil Pollution Damage of 1969, as from time to time amended and 
replaced by the 1992 protocol; the IMO International Convention on Civil Liability for Bunker Oil Pollution Damage 
of 2001; and EU regulations. A failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may result in administrative 
and civil penalties, criminal sanctions or the suspension or termination of our business. 
Compliance with safety and other vessel requirements imposed by classification societies may be costly 
and could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Every commercial vessel must be classed by a classification society and surveyed on a regular basis. 
Classification and surveys may result in significant expenses which will affect the Group's profits and business. If 
any vessel does not maintain its class or fails any annual, intermediate or special survey, the vessel will may be 
unable to trade between ports and will be unemployable and uninsurable, which could negatively impact the Group's 
results of operations and financial condition. 
We, or any of our subsidiaries, may become subject to income tax in jurisdictions in which we are organized 
or operate, including the United States, Hong Kong and the People’s Republic of China, which would reduce 
our earnings and potentially cause certain shareholders to be subject to tax in such jurisdictions. 
We intend that our affairs and the business of each of our subsidiaries will be conducted and operated in a 
manner that minimizes income taxes imposed upon us and our subsidiaries. However, there is a risk that we will 
be subject to income tax in one or more jurisdictions, including the United States, Hong Kong and China, if under 
the laws of any such jurisdiction, we or such subsidiary is considered to be carrying on a trade or business there or 
earn income that is considered to be sourced there and we do not or such subsidiary does not qualify for an 
exemption or reduced taxation under local taxation rules or applicable tax treaties.  
The legal system in China is not fully developed and has inherent uncertainties that could limit the legal 
protections available to us, and the geopolitical risks associated with chartering vessels to Chinese 
customers, constructing vessels in China and obtaining financing from Chinese financial institutions could 
harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
We conduct a substantial amount of business in China and with Chinese counterparties. As of March 1, 
2021, a total of 39 of the 127 vessels in our current fleet were chartered to Chinese customers and our revenues in 
2020 from Chinese customers represented 32.8% of our total revenue in 2020. Many of our vessels regularly call 
to ports in China. In additional, we have entered into financing arrangements with certain Chinese financial 
institutions.  
The Chinese legal system is based on written statutes and their legal interpretation by the standing 
Committee of the National People’s Congress. However, because these laws and regulations are relatively new, 
and because of the limited volume of published cases and their non-binding nature, interpretation and enforcement 
of these laws and regulations involve uncertainties. Our vessels that are chartered to Chinese customers are subject 
to various risks as a result of uncertainties in Chinese law, including (1) the risk of loss of revenues, property or 
equipment as a result of expropriation, nationalization, changes in laws, exchange controls, war, insurrection, civil 
unrest, strikes or other political risks and (2) being subject to foreign laws and legal systems and the exclusive 
jurisdiction of Chinese courts and tribunals. 
Although our charterparties and many of our financing arrangements are governed by English law, if we are 
required to commence legal proceedings against a customer, a charter guarantor or a lender based in China with 
respect to the provisions of a time charter, a time charter guarantee or a credit agreement, we may have difficulties 
in enforcing any judgment rendered by an English court (or other non-Chinese court) in China. Similarly, our 
shipbuilders based in China provide warranties against certain defects for the vessels that they will construct for us 
and we have refund guarantees from a Chinese financial institution for installment payments that we will make to 
the shipbuilders. Although the shipbuilding contracts and refund guarantees are governed by English law, if we are 
required to commence legal proceedings against these shipbuilders or against the refund guarantor, we may have 
difficulties enforcing in China any judgment obtained in such proceeding.

--- Page 10 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
10
A decrease in the level of export of goods or an increase in trade protectionism will harm our customers’ 
business and, in turn, harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Most of our customers’ containership business revenue is derived from the shipment of goods from the Asia 
Pacific region, primarily China.  Any reduction in or hindrance to the output of China-based exporters could 
negatively affect the growth rate of China’s exports and our customers’ business. For instance, the Chinese 
government has implemented economic policies aimed at increasing domestic consumption of Chinese-made 
goods and which may have the effect of reducing the supply of goods available for export and may, in turn, result 
in decreased demand for cargo shipping. 
Our containership operations are exposed to the risk of trade protectionism. Governments may use trade 
barriers to protect their domestic industries against foreign imports, thereby depressing demand for container 
shipping services. In recent years, increased trade protectionism in the markets that our customers serve, 
particularly in China, where a significant portion of their business originates, has caused, and may continue to 
cause, increases in the cost of goods exported, the length of time required to deliver goods and the risks associated 
with exporting goods as well as a decrease in the quantity of goods shipped. China’s import and export of goods 
may continue to be affected by trade protectionism, specifically the ongoing U.S.-China trade dispute, which has 
been characterized by escalating tariffs between the U.S. and China, as well as by trade relations among other 
countries. These risks may have a direct impact on demand in the container shipping industry. While a trade 
agreement was reached between China and the U.S. in January 2020 aimed at easing the trade tensions between 
the two countries, there can be no assurance that there will not be any further escalation. The U.S. has also been 
threatening to introduce higher tariffs on EU imports. 
On January 31, 2020, following an affirmative vote by national referendum, the United Kingdom (the “U.K.”) 
withdrew from the European Union (the “EU”), an event commonly referred to as “Brexit.”  In December 2020, the 
EU and the U.K. agreed a trade deal, which went into effect on January 1, 2021. While the trade agreement provides 
for tariff-free trade in goods and limited mutual market access in services, some specifics of the deal related to 
financial services have not been agreed upon. Additionally, the end of free movement could significantly disrupt the 
exchange of people and services between the U.K. and the EU, resulting in the imposition of impediments to trade. 
Any increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade would harm our customers’ business, results of 
operations and financial condition and could thereby affect their ability to make timely charter hire payments to 
Seaspan and to renew and increase the number of their time charters with Seaspan. This could harm our business, 
results of operations and financial condition.   
 
 
Risks relating to the Bonds  
An investment in the bonds is subject to Seaspan’s credit risk. 
The bonds will be unsubordinated unsecured general obligations of Seaspan and are not, directly or indirectly, 
an obligation of a third party. The bonds will rank on par with all of Seaspan’s other unsecured and unsubordinated 
debt obligations, except as such obligations may be preferred by operation of law. Any payment to be made on the 
bonds, including the return of the principal amount at maturity or any redemption or repurchase date, as applicable, 
depends on Seaspan’s ability to satisfy its obligations as they come due. As a result, Seaspan’s actual and 
perceived creditworthiness may affect the market value of the Bonds and, in the event Seaspan were to default on 
its obligations, holders of the Bonds may not receive the amounts owed to them under the terms of the Bonds. 
We and our subsidiaries have the ability to incur substantial additional debt, which may increase the risks 
associated with our substantial existing debt, including our ability to service the bonds and other debt. 
Our and our subsidiaries’ credit agreements and other debt instruments, including the Bond Terms, will permit 
us, subject to compliance with certain covenants, to incur a substantial amount of additional indebtedness, including 
senior secured indebtedness. As of December 31, 2020, our subsidiaries had commitments available to be 
borrowed under their existing credit facilities and other financing arrangements of $2,703.1 million. If we incur 
additional debt above the levels in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the risks associated with our 
substantial existing debt, including our ability to service our debt, could increase. 
Our subsidiaries conduct a portion of our operations and own certain of our operating assets, and a 
holder’s right to receive payments on the bonds is effectively subordinated to the rights of the lenders of 
our subsidiaries, none of which are guarantors of the bonds. 
Our subsidiaries conduct a portion of our operations and own certain of our operating assets. As a result, our 
ability to make required payments on the bonds depends in part on the operations of our subsidiaries and our 
subsidiaries’ ability to distribute funds to us. To the extent our subsidiaries are unable to distribute, or are restricted 
from distributing, funds to us, we may be unable to fulfill our obligations under the bonds. Our subsidiaries are 
separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay amounts due on the 
bonds or to make funds available for that purpose. The bonds will not be guaranteed by any of our subsidiaries.

--- Page 11 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
11
The rights of holders of the bonds will be structurally subordinated to the rights of our subsidiaries’ lenders. 
For example, a default by one of our subsidiaries under its debt obligations would result in a block on the ability of 
the affected subsidiary to distribute funds to us to be used to make payments on the bonds. Certain of our operating 
subsidiaries have entered into credit facilities or other financing arrangements that require a minimum amount of 
cash to be retained in bank accounts to cover minimum debt service payments for future periods and in some cases, 
amounts for future operating costs. In addition, four subsidiaries, each of which owns one of our operating vessels, 
require the lender’s consent to distribute funds to us from the distribution accounts under their respective credit 
agreements. This dividend restriction could impact the timing and amount of dividends ultimately distributed and 
available to us. The bonds will also be effectively junior to all existing and future liabilities of our subsidiaries. In the 
event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization of any of our subsidiaries, creditors of our subsidiaries will 
generally be entitled to payment of their claims from the assets of those subsidiaries before any assets are made 
available for distribution to us. Our subsidiaries generated approximately 51.68% of our consolidated revenue and 
incurred 50.68% of our consolidated ship operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2020. As of 
December 31, 2020, our subsidiaries had $2.286.1 million of outstanding indebtedness, including other financing 
arrangements, and excluding trade payables and intercompany liabilities and other liabilities. 
The Bonds are unsecured obligations and effectively subordinated to our secured debt. 
The Bonds will be unsecured and therefore will be effectively subordinated to any secured debt we maintain 
or may incur to the extent of the value of the assets securing the debt. In the event of a bankruptcy or similar 
proceeding involving us, the assets that serve as collateral will be available to satisfy the obligations under any 
secured debt before any payments are made on our Notes. As of December 31, 2020, we had an aggregate of 
approximately $3,518 million of secured debt and other financing arrangements outstanding. We will continue to 
have the ability to incur additional secured debt, subject to limitations in our credit facilities and the indentures 
relating to our notes. 
The bonds do not have an established trading market, which may negatively affect their market value and 
your ability to transfer or sell the bonds. 
 
The bonds are a new issuance of securities with no established trading market. Even if the bonds are 
approved for listing, an active trading market on the Oslo Exchange for the bonds may not develop or, even if it 
develops, may not last, in which case the trading price of the bonds could be adversely affected and your ability to 
transfer your bonds will be limited.

--- Page 12 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
12
2 Definitions 
 
Annual Report 2020 
The annual consolidated financial statements of Seaspan Corporation for 
the year ended December 31, 2020, which are presented in Atlas Corp.’s 
Report on Form 6-K furnished to the SEC on March 30, 2021 
 
Annual Report 2019 
The annual consolidated financial statements of Seaspan Corporation for 
the year ended December 31, 2019, which are presented in Atlas Corp.’s 
Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 13, 2020 
 
Atlas 
Atlas Corp., a corporation orgranised under the laws of the Republic of the 
Marshall Islands and the parent company of the Issuer  
 
Bareboat Charter 
Means a contract for the chartering of a vessel, pursuant to which the 
respective charterer is responsible for all crewing and related provisions. 
 
Base Prospectus 
 This document dated 4 May 2021. 
 
 
 The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus.  
 
Company/Issuer/Seaspan 
Seaspan Corporation, a corporation orgranised under the laws of the 
Republic of the Marshall Islands 
 
Final Terms 
Document to be prepared for each new issue of bonds under the 
Prospectus. The template for Final Terms is included in the Base 
Prospectus as Annex 2. 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this template for Final Terms as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this 
template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
GAAP 
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
 
Group 
Seaspan Corporation its subsidiaries from time to time 
 
Joint Bookrunners 
DNB Bank ASA and Fearnley Securities AS 
 
PCAOB 
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
 
SEC 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
 
TEU 
Twenty-foot equivalent unit 
 
Time Charter 
Means a contract for the chartering of a vessel for a pre-agreed fixed period 
of time.

--- Page 13 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
13
3 Persons responsible  
3.1 Persons responsible for the information 
Persons responsible for the information given in the Base Prospectus are as follows: 
 
Seaspan Corporation 
Unit 2 – 16th Floor, W668 Building  
Nos. 668 Castle Peak Road, Cheung 
Sha Wan, Kowloon, Hong Kong 
China 
 
3.2 Declaration by persons responsible 
Seaspan Corporation declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.    
 
 
Vancouver, 4 May 2021 
 
 
 
Seaspan Corporation

--- Page 14 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
14
4 Statutory Auditors   
The Company’s auditor for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 was KPMG LLP, independent 
registered public accounting firm, located at 777 Dunsmuir Street, Suite 900, PO Box 10426, Vancouver, British 
Columbia V7Y 1K3, Canada. 
 
KPMG LLP is an independent registered public accounting firm with the Public Company Accounting Oversight 
Board. KPMG LLP has not audited, reviewed or produced any report on any information provided in this Base 
Prospectus, except with respect to its audit reports on the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the 
fiscal years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, incorporated by reference as per Section 11 of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in conformity with GAAP and include 
the accounts of the Company and the accounts of its wholly owned subsidiaries.

--- Page 15 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
15
5 Information about the Issuer 
5.1 History and development of the Company 
5.1.1 Name and contact details 
The legal name of the Issuer is Seaspan Corporation, the commercial name is Seaspan. 
 
The address, telephone number and website of the Issuer’s principal place of business is as follow: 
Seaspan Corporation,  
Unit 2 – 16th Floor, W668 Building,  
Nos. 668 Castle Peak Road, Cheung 
Sha Wan, Kowloon, Hong Kong 
China 
Telephone: (852) 3588-9400 
 
Website www.seaspancorp.com 
 
The information on the website mentioned above does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information 
is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
 
5.1.2 Place of registration, registration number and LEI code 
The Company is registered in the Marshall Islands Register of Companies with registration number 14582. The 
Company’s LEI code is 5493007Z8Q1H45KT7W98. 
 
5.1.3 Incorporation, domicile and legal form  
The Company is a corporation orgranised under the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands. Seaspan was 
incorporated on 3 May 2005.   
 
The Company operates under the provisions of the Marshall Islands Business Corporations Act.  
 
5.1.4 Objects and purposes  
 
Pursuant to Section 1.2 of its Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, the Company 
is empowered to engage in any lawful act or activity relating to the business of chartering or rechartering 
containerships to others as well as any act or activity customarily conducted in conjunction therewith, and any other 
lawful act or activity approved by the board of directors of the Company. Since its formation, the Company has been 
engaged in the business of owning, managing and chartering containerships. 
 
5.1.5 Changes in borrowing and funding structure since the last financial 
year 
 
No material recent events. The Issuer finances its business and vessel acquisitions through credit facilities, debt 
securities, vessel lease and other financing arrangements, either directly or through its vessel-owning subsidiaries. 
 
5.1.6 Expected financing of activities 
 
Seaspan has recently entered into shipbuilding contracts for the construction of 37 newbuild containerships.  
Seaspan is currently at varying stages of financing payments related to these newbuilds through new credit facilities, 
vessel lease and other financing arrangements and/or notes. Such financings are expected to be completed by 
Seaspan Corporation directly and/or at its subsidiary levels. 
 
Seaspan has recently entered into agreements to acquire four second-hand vessels. Seaspan expects to finance 
the acquisition of these vessels with cash and draws on existing credit facilities.

--- Page 16 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
16
5.1.7 Credit rating 
 
On August 11, 2020, the Company announced that it had received a Senior Secured rating of BBB- from Kroll Bond 
Rating Agency (KBRA) and a BB corporate rating. 
 
According to the rating agency the ratings have the following meaning: 
BBB:  
Determined to be of medium quality with some risk of loss due to credit-related events. Such issuers and 
obligations may experience credit losses during stressed environments. 
 
BB: 
Determined to be of low quality with moderate risk of loss due to credit-related events. Such issuers and 
obligations have fundamental weaknesses that create moderate credit risk.

--- Page 17 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
17
6 Business Overview    
6.1.1 Main categories of services performed and principal markets 
Seaspan is a leading independent charter owner and manager of containerships. It primarily deploys its vessels on 
long-term, fixed-rate time charters to take advantage of the stable cash flow and high utilization rates that are 
typically associated with long-term time charters. As at March 1, 2021, Seaspan operated a fleet of 127 vessels 
that have an average age of approximately eight years, on a TEU weighted basis. 
As of March 1, 2021, the charters on the 127 vessels in Seaspan’s operating fleet had an average remaining lease 
period of approximately four years, on a TEU weighted basis, excluding the effect of charterers’ options to extend 
certain time charters. 
Customers for Seaspan’s operating fleet as of March 1, 2021 were as follows: 
  
  
Customers for Current Fleet 
Number of vessels 
under charter 
TEUs under 
charter  
 
CMA CGM 
15 
 
126,700 
 
COSCO 
37 
 
267,500 
 
Hapag-Lloyd 
13 
 
109,250 
 
KMTC 
1 
 
4,250 
 
Maersk 
13 
 
69,500 
 
MSC 
6 
 
67,000 
 
ONE 
25 
 
204,750 
 
Yang Ming Marine 
16 
 
220,000 
 
ZIM 
1 
 
4,250 
 
 
Seaspan’s primary objective is to continue to grow its containership leasing business through accretive vessel 
acquisitions as market conditions allow. Most of its customers’ containership business revenues are derived from 
the shipment of goods from the Asia Pacific region, primarily China, to various overseas export markets in the 
United States and in Europe.  
Seaspan Fleet 
The following table summarizes key facts regarding our 127 operating vessels as of 31 December 2020: 
Vessel Class 
(TEU) 
# Vessels 
(Total 
fleet) 
# Vessels (of 
which are 
unencumbered) 
Average 
Age 
(Years)(7) 
Average 
Remaining 
Charter 
Period 
(Years)(1)(7) 
Average 
Daily 
Charter 
Rate (in 
thousands 
of USD) 
Days Off-
Hire(5) 
Total 
Ownership 
Days(6) 
2500-3500 
14 
 
6 
 
12.6 
 
2.0 
 
11.0 
129 
 
5,124 
4250-5100(2) 
33 
 
18 
 
13.6 
 
1.2 
 
14.9 
315 
 
12,078 
8500-9600(3) 
16 
 
2 
 
10.9 
 
2.9 
 
33.8 
112 
 
5,741 
10000-
11000(4) 
33 
 
3 
 
5.2 
 
4.7 
 
31.2 
90 
 
12,078 
12000-13100 
16 
 
- 
 
6.9 
 
3.5 
 
46.8 
5 
 
4,355 
14000+ 
15 
 
2 
 
5.1 
 
4.9 
 
48.3 
61 
 
5,490 
Total/Average 
127 
31 
 
7.6 
 
3.7 
 
29.1 
712 
 
44,866  
 (1)    Excludes options to extend charter. 
 (2) 
Includes 1 vessel on bareboat charter. 
 (3) 
Includes 3 vessels on bareboat charter. 
 (4) 
Includes 8 vessels on bareboat charter.  
 (5) 
Days Off-Hire includes scheduled and unscheduled days related to vessels being off-charter during the year 
ended December 31, 2020. 
 (6) 
Total Ownership Days for the year ended December 31, 2020 includes time charters and bareboat charters and 
excludes days prior to the initial charter hire date. 
 (7) 
Averages shown are weighted by TEU.  
 
The full list of Seapsan’s fleet of vessels can be found on its website at www.seaspancorp.com.

--- Page 18 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
18
The following table indicates the number of vessels Seaspan took delivery of during 2020 and the total TEU capacity 
of its fleet as at 31 December 2020: 
 
Vessels owned and leased as of January 1, 2020 
  
117  
Deliveries during 2020 
  
10  
Total Fleet as of December 31, 2020 
  
127  
Total Capacity (TEU) 
  
1,073,200  
 
Charters 
Seaspan charters its vessels primarily under long-term, fixed-rate time charters. The following table presents the 
number of vessels chartered by each of Seaspan’s customers as of March 1, 2021. 
Charterer 
 
Number of Vessels in 
Our Current Operating 
Fleet 
 
CMA CGM 
 
 
9 
 
COSCO 
 
 
37 
 
Hapag-Lloyd 
 
 
12 
 
KMTC 
 
 
1 
 
Maersk 
 
 
13 
 
ONE 
 
 
25 
 
Yang Ming Marine 
 
 
16 
 
ZIM 
 
 
1 
 
Total time charters 
 
 
114 
 
MSC (bareboat charters) 
 
 
6 
 
CMA CGM (bareboat charters) 
 
 
6 
 
Hapag-Lloyd (bareboat charter) 
 
 
1 
 
Total fleet 
 
 
127 
 
 
Time Charters and Bareboat Charters 
 
A time charter is a contract for the use of a vessel with crew for a fixed period of time at a specified daily rate. A 
bareboat charter is a contract for the use of a vessel without crew where the charterer also assumes responsibility 
for drydocking of the vessel, if needed. See “Definitions.” 
 
As of March 1, 2021, five 11000 TEU vessels are chartered by MSC, three 10700 TEU vessels and three 9200 TEU 
vessels are chartered by CMA CGM, one 12000 TEU vessel is chartered by MSC and one 4250 TEU vessel is 
chartered by Hapag-Lloyd under bareboat charters. Under the MSC 11000 TEU bareboat charters, the charterer 
has agreed to purchase each vessel for a pre-determined fixed price at the end of their respective bareboat charter 
terms, whereas under the CMA CGM bareboat charters, the charterer has the option to purchase the vessels at a 
purchase price equivalent to the fair value within a pre-determined range based on the contract terms, at the end 
of their respective bareboat charter terms. Under the MSC 12000 TEU bareboat charter, the charterer has the 
option to purchase the vessel at a pre-determined purchase price at the end of the bareboat charter term. There 
are no options or obligations to purchase the vessel under the terms of the bareboat charter with Hapag-Lloyd. 
 
The initial term for a time or bareboat charter commences when the charterer obtains the right to use the asset 
under the relevant lease arrangement. Under all of our time charters, the charterer may also extend the term for 
periods in which the vessel is off-hire. A summary of average remaining charter periods is included above under 
“Seaspan Fleet.”   
 
Ship Management and Maintenance   
 
Under each of Seaspan’s time charters, Seaspan is responsible for the operation and management of the vessel, 
including maintaining the vessel, periodic dry-docking, cleaning and painting and performing work required by 
regulations. 
 
Seaspan focuses on risk reduction, operational reliability and safety.  Seaspan believes it achieves high standards 
of technical ship management by, among other methods: 
 
• 
developing a minimum competency standard for seagoing staff; 
• 
standardizing equipment used throughout the fleet, thus promoting efficiency and economies of scale; 
• 
implementing a voluntary vessel condition and maintenance monitoring program; 
• 
maintaining a high retention rate for the senior officers on our vessels; 
• 
a cadet training program; and

--- Page 19 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
19
• 
recruiting and retaining highly-skilled and talented people in our technical ship management offices in 
Vancouver and Hong Kong. 
 
Seaspan’s staff has skills in all aspects of ship management and experience in overseeing new vessel construction, 
vessel conversions and general marine engineering, and has previously worked in various companies in the 
international ship management industry. A number of senior managers also have sea-going experience, having 
served aboard vessels at a senior rank. In all training programs, Seaspan places an emphasis on safety and 
regularly trains its crew members and other employees to meet its high standards. Shore-based personnel and 
crew members are trained to be prepared to respond to emergencies related to life, property or the environment. 
 
Competition 
 
Seaspan operates in markets that are highly competitive and based primarily on supply and demand of 
containerships. It competes for charters based upon price, customer relationships, operating and technical 
performance, professional reputation and size, age and condition of the vessel. 
 
Competition for providing new containerships for chartering purposes comes from a number of experienced shipping 
companies, including direct competition from shipping and lease financing companies, other independent charter 
owners and indirect competition from state-sponsored and other major entities with their own fleets. Some of our 
competitors may have greater financial resources than we do and can operate larger fleets and may be able to offer 
better charter rates. An increasing number of marine transportation companies have entered the containership 
sector, including many with positive reputations and extensive resources and experience. This increased 
competition may cause greater price competition for time charters. 
 
Containership market conditions 
 
Containerships play an integral role in global trade, facilitating the movement of goods around the world. GDP is an 
important measure of global trade, and global GDP growth is positively correlated with growth in container 
throughput. Container throughput has varied significantly since 2000 and was greater than 10% per annum in most 
years prior to the global credit crisis. In 2009, global container throughput declined by over 8% compared to the 
prior year, and after growing sharply in 2010 and 2011, ranged between 1.4% and 5.7% per annum between 2012 
and 2017, as the global economy gradually recovered. In 2020, due to the impact of COVID-19, global economic 
expansion was halted in the first half of the year, but swiftly recovered in the latter half of the year. Container 
throughput decrease for the year was approximately 1.4%. With the recovery from COVID-19, both charter rates 
and idle rates improved significantly. The idle fleet at the end of December 2020 was approximately 1.3% of the 
global fleet, as measured by TEU, compared to approximately 10.6% of the global fleet at the end of December 
2019. Charter rates for 4250 TEU Panamax vessels, for example, were approximately $19,000 per day in December 
2020, compared to approximately $11,000 per day in December 2019.  
 
The orderbook to global fleet rate was 10.9% at the end of December 2020, compared with 10.4% at the end of 
December 2019. Approximately 86% (in terms of TEU capacity) of the current containership orderbook is for vessels 
greater than 10000 TEU in size. Vessels less than 4000 TEU represent approximately 14% of the global 
containership orderbook, with only 3 vessels being on-order in the segments between 4000 TEU and 9999 TEU. 
 
6.1.2 Indication of any significant new activities 
 
Apart from its current activities relating to the chartering of containerships, the Company does not anticipate entering 
into new products or activities.

--- Page 20 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
20
7 Organizational structure 
7.1 Description of Issuer  
 
Seaspan was incorporated in the Republic of the Marshall Islands in May 2005 to acquire all of the containership 
business of Seaspan Container Lines Limited. In August 2005, Seaspan completed its initial public offering under 
United States securities laws and listed its common shares on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”). From 
an initial operating fleet of 10 vessels, Seaspan has grown to an operating fleet of 127 vessels as of 30 March 2021. 
 
On February 27, 2020, Seaspan completed a holding company, pursuant to which it became a direct, wholly owned 
subsidiary of Atlas Corp. (the “Reorganization”). The business operations of Seaspan did not change as a result of 
the Reorganization. 
 
In the Reorganization, holders of Seaspan common shares and Seaspan preferred shares became holders of Atlas 
common shares and Atlas preferred shares, as applicable, on a one-for-one basis with the same number of shares 
and same ownership percentage of the same corresponding class of Seaspan shares as they held immediately 
prior to the Reorganization. Atlas assumed all of the Company’s rights and obligations under certain common share 
purchase warrants held by Fairfax and its affiliates, as well as sponsorship of all of our equity plans. 
 
In connection with the Reorganization, the Company’s common and preferred shares ceased trading on the NYSE 
after markets closed on February 27, 2020, and Atlas’s common and preferred shares commenced trading on the 
NYSE on February 28, 2020. On March 10, 2020, the Company filed all necessary forms with the SEC to terminate 
its reporting obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and cease to be a U.S. reporting 
issuer. 
 
The company structure is shown below. 
 
                                   
                                          
 
          
     
 
 
 
 
7.2 Dependence upon other entities  
Seaspan owns its containerships either directly or through wholly owned subsidiaries. The Company derives 
revenue from the charter of its containership vessels. Therefore, the Company is dependent on the results of the 
operations of its subsidiaries. 
 
Seaspan’s wholly owned subsidiary, Seaspan Management Services Ltd., is the manager of Seaspan’s vessels, 
other than vessels on bareboat charter.  Seaspan Management Services Ltd. subcontracts the provision of certain 
services to Seaspan Ship Management Ltd., Seaspan’s ship management entity, and Seaspan Crew Management 
Ltd., Seaspan’s crew management entity. Therefore, Seaspan is dependent on Seaspan Management Services 
Ltd. 
Atlas Corp. 
(Listed Holding Company) 
NYSE: ATCO 
(Marshall Islands)

--- Page 21 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
21
8 Trend information  
8.1 Prospects and financial performance 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited 
financial statements.  
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base Prospectus. 
 
8.2 Known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events 
 
Global COVID-19 Pandemic 
The spread of the COVID-19 virus in 2020 has caused substantial disruptions in the global economy and the 
shipping industry, as well as significant volatility in the financial markets. That said, the container shipping industry 
has already begun to reverse some of the negative impacts from COVID-19 suffered in the first half of 2020, during 
which period the industry saw decreased container trade and therefore decreased charter rates. Container trade 
and charter rates significantly improved in the latter half of the year. Seaspan believes future significant downside 
risk to its business is mitigated by its longstanding business relationships and the long-term contracts securing the 
majority of its fleet. 
 
The duration and full effects of this global health emergency and related disruptions are uncertain, although 
expected to continue for the near future as the success and timing of COVID-19 vaccination programs and 
containment strategies are also uncertain. Negative impacts of COVID-19 are expected to reverberate beyond the 
duration of the pandemic itself. We continuously monitor the developing situation, as well as our customers’ 
response thereto, and make all necessary preparations to address and mitigate, to the extent possible, the impact 
of COVID-19 to our company.

--- Page 22 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
22
9 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
9.1 Information about persons 
 
Directors and Executive Officers of Seaspan  
 
Name  
Position  
Business address  
Bing Chen 
Director, Chairman and 
President & CEO 
See clause 5.1.1 
John C. Hsu 
Director 
See clause 5.1.1 
Graham Talbot 
Chief Financial Officer 
See clause 5.1.1 
Karen Lawrie 
General Counsel 
See clause 5.1.1 
Peter Curtis 
Chief Commercial Officer 
See clause 5.1.1 
Tina Lai 
Chief Human Resources Officer 
See clause 5.1.1 
Torsten Holst Pedersen 
Chief Operating Officer 
See clause 5.1.1 
 
Bing Chen has served as a director and president and chief executive officer of Seaspan since January 2018. In 
February 2020, Mr. Chen was appointed as chairman of the board of Seaspan. Mr. Chen also currently serves as 
a director and as president and chief executive officer of Atlas. Over his 25 year career, Mr. Chen has held executive 
positions in Asia, Europe and North America. Most recently, he served as chief executive officer of BNP Paribas 
(China) Ltd. leading the bank’s growth strategy in China. From 2011 to 2014, Mr. Chen was the director and general 
manager for Trafigura Investment (China), where he was responsible for the P&L of domestic and international 
commodities trading in the country. Between 2009 and 2011, he was in charge of building the greater China 
investment banking practice at Houlihan Lokey, Inc. as the managing director and head of Asia financial advisory. 
Between 2001 and 2009, Mr. Chen held executive roles across Europe, including chief executive officer and chief 
financial officer of industrial leasing and aircraft chartering businesses. Between 1999 and 2001, he worked as a 
director, business strategy at Deutsche Bank in New York. Mr. Chen is a certified public accountant (inactive), and 
received a B.S., Accountancy (Magna Cum Laude) (Honors) from Bernard Baruch College, and an MBA (Honors) 
from Columbia Business School. 
 
John Hsu has served as a director of Seaspan since April 2008. He is also a director of Atlas. For generations, Mr. 
Hsu’s family have owned and operated bulkers, tankers and specialized ships through entities such as Sincere 
Navigation Corp. (Taiwan-listed) and Oak Maritime Group. Currently, Mr. Hsu is a director of Atlas Corp., a director 
of the family’s single family office, OSS Capital, as well as a director of Isola Capital, a multifamily office based in 
Hong Kong that manages direct investments in private equity. From 2008 to 2012, he was the chairman of TSSI 
Inc. (a Taiwan-based surveillance IC solutions provider). From 2003 to 2010, Mr. Hsu was a partner of Ajia Partners, 
a prominent privately-owned alternative asset investment firm. From 1998 to 2002, he was chief investment officer 
of Matrix Global Investments, a hedge fund of US-listed technology companies. Mr. Hsu received his Bachelor of 
Arts degree from Colgate University and his Master of Business Administration degree from Columbia University. 
He is fluent in Japanese and Mandarin. 
 
Graham Talbot has served as a chief financial officer of Seaspan Corporation since January 2021. Mr. Talbot has 
worked in asset-intensive industries, primarily in the energy sector, for more than 30 years. He has held executive 
finance roles in Abu Dhabi Power Corporation and Maersk Energy based in Copenhagen. Prior to his time with 
Maersk, Mr. Talbot was regional finance director for BG Group, in his native Australia, where his responsibilities 
included the $20bn Queensland Curtis LNG project. Prior to this, he spent 23 years with Shell in senior international 
finance roles based in Guam, United Kingdom, Netherlands, Kazakhstan, U.A.E., and Australia. In addition to his 
core functional strengths in Finance and Governance, Mr. Talbot is passionate about value management, leading 
and delivering sustainable change, enabling energy transition, and mentoring of senior talent. Throughout his 
career, Mr. Talbot has held a broad range of functional accountabilities including - Finance, Strategy, Trading, 
Procurement, Technology, Commercial and Business Integration/Separation. In addition, he has held numerous 
Board positions in various jurisdictions. Mr. Talbot holds an MBA from Melbourne Business School, is a Fellow of 
CPA Australia, a Fellow of the Governance Institute of Australia, a Fellow of the Energy Institute, and a Graduate 
Member of the Institute of Company Directors. 
 
Karen Lawrie was appointed as general counsel in February 2020. Karen has held senior leadership positions in 
the maritime, energy and financial services sectors and has extensive transactional experience across Europe, the 
US, Mexico, Brazil, Southeast Asia and Africa. She is experienced in both commercial and corporate law including 
corporate governance and compliance, treasury, mergers and acquisitions, litigation, marine and energy law. Most 
recently, Karen was general counsel with Bumi Armada, in Malaysia. Prior to Bumi Armada, Karen worked both in-
house and in private practice with JP Morgan Securities, Goldman Sachs, State Street Bank, AET Tankers, Subsea 
7, EDF Energy and Dentons. Karen has a B.A. (Magna cum laude) from Seattle University and a M.A. Honours

--- Page 23 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
23
from the University of Cambridge. Karen is a solicitor with the Law Society of England and Wales and a licensed 
attorney with the State Bar of Texas. 
 
Peter Curtis was appointed as chief commercial officer in June 2020 and is responsible for the commercial 
management of our owned and management vessels. Prior to this he served as executive vice president in July 
2017 and as chief commercial and technical officer in March 2018, as well as chief operating officer from February 
2012 to February 2018 where he had responsibility for our ship building programs. From 2001 to 2012, Mr. Curtis 
was vice president of Seaspan Ship Management Limited. Prior to joining the company in 2001, he was based in 
Cyprus for two years with Columbia Ship Management as technical director. From 1991 to 1999, Mr. Curtis was 
with Safmarine, where he was responsible for the operations of a mixed fleet of containerships, handysize and 
capesize bulkcarriers and also oversaw a number of new building programs. From 1989 to 1991, he was an 
associate with a firm of engineering consultants in Cape Town, working on offshore and naval architectural projects, 
such as offshore oil and gas, as well as other marine projects. From 1981 to 1989, Mr. Curtis served in the South 
African Navy, where he attained the rank of Lt. Commander in charge of the submarine maintenance facility and 
design office. In 1981, he obtained a B.Sc. Mechanical Engineering degree at Natal University in Durban, South 
Africa. Mr. Curtis also obtained his Master’s degree in Naval Architecture from University College in London, 
England and his B.Sc. in business from Stellenbosch University in South Africa. 
 
Tina Lai was appointed as chief human resources officer in July 2018. Ms. Lai also currently serves as chief human 
resources officer of Atlas Corp. This position provides leadership to all functions relating to human capital, including 
talent acquisition, communications, training & development, and total performance rewards. Prior to joining 
Seaspan, Ms. Lai spent five years at Metrie, the largest supplier and manufacturer of solid wood and composite 
molding in North America. As vice president, human resources, she was part of the senior leadership team there, 
playing a key role in building out the human resources function, which focused on bringing talent to the forefront of 
the company’s business strategy. Ms. Lai has 20 years of experience as a results-oriented human resources 
professional within a number of industries, serving in leadership positions with broad oversight responsibilities, 
including sales and customer service, channel marketing, corporate communications, culture transformation, and 
organizational effectiveness. Ms. Lai is a chartered professional in human resources, and holds a Bachelor of Arts 
from the University of British Columbia and is a graduate of the Human Resources Management program at the 
British Columbia Institute of Technology. 
 
Torsten Holst Pedersen was appointed as chief operating officer in June 2020, and served as executive vice 
president, ship management from November 2018 to May 2020. Mr. Pedersen has over 20 years of experience in 
shipping, logistics and infrastructure, during which he held senior leadership roles and board positions across 
Europe, Asia, Middle East and Africa. He started his career with the Maersk Group in 1996 and worked in several 
of the group’s business entities, holding C-level positions in Finance and HR. In 2016, Mr. Pedersen joined Inchcape 
Shipping Service as regional CEO for Middle East, Africa and South Asia. He then worked as head of operations 
for V Group, leading the transformation of the global operations organization of more than 45,000 employees. Prior 
to joining Seaspan, Mr. Pedersen worked as a strategy consultant, assisting companies with strategy execution 
and M&A due diligence in the Middle East and South Asia. He holds a Master of Economics from Aalborg University, 
Denmark, and a Master of International Economics (with Distinction) from University of Essex, U.K. These have 
been complemented by executive programs at Wharton and London Business School. 
 
9.2 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies conflicts of 
interest  
 
Seaspan’s directors, Bing Chen and John Hsu, are also directors of Seaspan’s parent company Atlas, as well as 
various of Seaspan’s subsidiaries. Bing Chen is also President & Chief Executive Officer of each of Seaspan and 
Atlas, and President of various of Seaspan’s subsidiaries. 
 
Other than stated above there are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the issuing entity of the 
persons referred to in item 9.1 and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 24 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
24
10 Major shareholders 
10.1 Ownership  
 
Seaspan Corporation is wholly owned by Atlas Corp.  
 
The authorized share capital of Seaspan consists of 425,000,100 common shares and 150,000,000 preferred 
shares. In February 2020, the Company completed a Reorganization whereupon it became a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Atlas, a newly formed entity, to establish a holding company structure. Holders of the Company’s 
common and preferred shares became holders of Atlas common and preferred shares, as applicable, on a one-for-
one basis, maintaining the same number of shares, ownership percentage and associated rights and privileges as 
they held of Seaspan immediately prior to the Reorganization. The Company’s common shares and preferred 
shares were cancelled and re-issued to Atlas as common shares. All outstanding common shares held in treasury 
were cancelled. 
 
As at December 31, 2020, there were 249,219,800 common shares (par value US$0.01 per share) issued and 
outstanding, all held by Atlas Corp., and no preferred shares issued or outstanding. 
 
10.2 Change of control of the company 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.

--- Page 25 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
25
11 Financial information concerning the Company's assets 
and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
 
11.1 Historical Financial Information for the Company 
The Company’s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally 
accepted accounting principles (or GAAP) and the following accounting policies have been consistently applied in 
the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.  
 
A summary of the Company’s significant accounting policies is set forth in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements in the Annual Report 2020, pages 11 to 16. 
 
According to the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, information in a 
prospectus may be incorporated by reference. Accordingly, the historical financial information and financial 
statements are incorporated by reference to the Annual Report 2020 and Annual Report 2019, see Cross Reference 
List for complete web address. 
 rly Report  
 
Annual Report 
 
2020 
2019 
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
 
 
Seaspan Corporation  
Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
3 
 
S-4 
 
Consolidated Statements of Operations  
 
4 
 
S-5 
 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
9 
S-10 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
10 – 37 
S-11 – S-39 
 
 
 
11.2 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
 
The Company’s annual financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 were audited by 
KPMG LLP. Please see Section 4. The audits were conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public 
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and in accordance with GAAP. 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the the Annual Report 2019, pages S-4 to S-10, 
and Annual Report 2020, pages 3 to 9. 
 
The auditor’s report is included in the Annual Report 2019 at pages S-1 to S-3, and in the Annual Report 2020 at 
pages 1 and 2. The auditor’s report includes a critical audit matter which is a matter arising from the 2020 audit of 
the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated by the auditor to the 
audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial 
statements and (2) involved Seaspan Corporation’s especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgment:    
 
“Assessment of indicators of impairment for vessels 
 
As discussed in Note 2(e) to the consolidated financial statements, the Company evaluates property, plant and 
equipment that are held for use for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts 
may not be recoverable from future undiscounted cash flows. Examples of such events or changes in circumstances 
for vessels (“impairment indicators”) include, among others, a significant adverse change in the extent or manner 
in which the vessel is being used or in its physical condition, a current-period operating or cash flow loss combined 
with a history of operating or cash flow losses; or a projection or forecast that demonstrates continuing losses 
associated with the vessel’s use; or a general decline in the market value of a vessel.  The determination of whether 
impairment indicators exist requires significant judgment in evaluating underlying significant assumptions including 
charter rates, utilization rates, operating costs and current vessel market values.  The Company did not identify any 
indicators of impairment related to the vessels for the year ended December 31, 2020.  As disclosed in Notes 5 & 
6 to the consolidated financial statements, the carrying value of the Company’s vessels, including right of use 
vessels, was $7,410.5 million as of December 31, 2020.”

--- Page 26 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
26
11.3 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
There has been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the previous 12 months which 
may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or Group's financial position or 
profitability. 
 
 
11.4 Significant change in the Group’s financial position  
 
There has not occurred any significant change in the financial position of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which interim financial information has been published.

--- Page 27 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
27
12 Material Contracts 
 
Management Agreements 
 
Seaspan is party to an Amended and Restated Management Agreement among Seaspan Corporation, Seaspan 
Management Services Limited, Seaspan Advisory Services Limited, Seaspan Ship Management Ltd. and Seaspan 
Crew Management Ltd. dated as of May 4, 2007, as amended, pursuant to which Seaspan Management Services 
Ltd. and its subsidiaries provide management services, including vessel management, newbuild supervision and 
crewing as well as administrative (including corporate maintenance) and accounting and reporting related services.  
See Section 7.2. 
 
Investments by Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited 
 
During 2018, 2019 and 2020, Seaspan completed a series of private placements with Fairfax Financial Holdings 
Limited (“Fairfax”) involving the issuance of an aggregate $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.50% senior 
notes of the Issuer to Fairfax and certain of its affiliates, comprised of $250.0 million of notes due 2025 (the “2025 
Notes”), $250 million of notes due 2026 (the “2026 Notes”), and $100 million of notes due to 2027 (the “2027 Notes” 
and together with the 2025 Notes and the 2026 Notes, the “Fairfax Notes”). 
 
The 2025 Notes, 2026 Notes and 2027 Notes mature on February 14, 2025, January 15, 2026 and March 1, 2027, 
respectively. The Fairfax Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 5.50% per year, payable quarterly in arrears and are 
guaranteed by certain of Seaspan’s subsidiaries. In addition, Seaspan has pledged its ownership interest in certain 
subsidiaries as collateral for the notes. At any time on or after February 14, 2023, January 15, 2024 and January 
15, 2025, we may elect to redeem all or any portion of the 2025 Notes, 2026 Notes and 2027 Notes, respectively. 
The redemption price will equal 100.0% of the principal amount being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, 
if any, to the redemption date and any certain additional amounts. Fairfax has the right to call for an early redemption 
on the anniversary date of each issuance, by providing notice between 150 and 120 days prior to the applicable 
anniversary date. In December 2020, Fairfax undertook not to exercise its right to call for early redemption of the 
Fairfax Notes on their respective anniversary dates in 2023. Fairfax has previously undertaken not to exercise the 
put right for the anniversary dates in 2022.  With the undertaking, the Fairfax Notes are not puttable until their 
respective anniversary dates in 2023. 
 
In the event of certain changes in withholding taxes, at our option, we may redeem the Fairfax Notes in whole, but 
not in part, at a redemption price equal to 100.0% of the outstanding principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid 
interest, if any. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in the applicable notes), each holder of 
such notes will have the right to require us to purchase all or a portion of such holder’s notes at a purchase price 
equal to 101.0% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. 
 
The indentures relating to the 2025 Notes and the 2026 Notes provide Fairfax with the right to designate (and 
Fairfax has so designated in the case of the Atlas board of directors) (i) two members of the Atlas board of directors 
and one member of the Seaspan board of directors if at least $125.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2025 
Notes and 2026 Notes remains outstanding, or (ii) one member of the Atlas board of directors if at least $50.0 
million but less than $125.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes and 2026 Notes remains 
outstanding. The indenture relating to the 2027 Fairfax Notes provides Fairfax with the right to designate (i) two 
members of the Atlas board of directors and one member of the Seaspan board of directors if at least $100.0 million 
aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Fairfax Notes remains outstanding, or (ii) one member of the Atlas board 
of directors if at least $50.0 million but less than $100.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Fairfax 
Notes remains outstanding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the rights under the indentures 
governing the Fairfax Notes allow Fairfax to designate more than two members to the Atlas board of directors and 
one member to the Seaspan board of directors if the thresholds described in clause (i) of the preceding sentences 
is reached, or to designate more than one member to the Atlas board of directors if the thresholds described in 
clause (ii) of the preceding sentences is reached. 
 
As at March 1, 2021, Fairfax and its affiliates hold approximately 40.4% of the issued and outstanding common 
shares of Atlas, or 45.9% taking into account 25,000,000 Atlas common share issuable to Fairfax and its affiliates 
upon the exercise of warrants held by Fairfax.  Fairfax is Atlas’s largest shareholder. 
 
Vessel Portfolio Financing Program 
 
Seaspan is party to three credit agreements dated May 15, 2019, December 30, 2019 and October 14, 2020, 
respectively, amongst (inter alia) Seapsan’s wholly owned subsidiary, Seaspan Holdco III Ltd., as borrower (the 
“Borrower”), Seaspan Corporation as guarantor, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A. as 
administrative agent.  The three credit agreements, together with an intercreditor and proceeds agreement dated 
May 15, 2019 (the “Intercreditor Agreement”), are collectively referred to as the “Portfolio Financing Program”.

--- Page 28 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
28
The Portfolio Financing Program provides for (i) a $300 million revolving credit facility and (ii) three term loan 
facilities in the aggregate amount of $1,705 million. The Portfolio Financing Program is secured by a portfolio of 
vessels (comprised of 48 vessels as at December 31, 2020, the “Collateral Pool”), and the Borrower has the ability 
to add, substitute and remove vessels from the Collateral Pool during the term, subject to a borrowing base, portfolio 
concentration limits, absence of defaults and compliance with financial covenants and certain negative covenants. 
 
Each vessel in the Collateral Pool is owned by a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Borrower, and each such 
subsidiary is also a guarantor under the Portfolio Financing Program. 
 
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Borrower may, subject to the terms and conditions set out in the 
Intercreditor Agreement, incur additional secured indebtedness by way of issuing private placement notes or 
entering into further secured loan facilities (“Additional Secured Debt”), which Additional Secured Debt would be 
secured by the same Collateral Pool. 
 
As at December 31, 2020, $1,582,470,000 was outstanding under the Portfolio Financing Program and a $250 
million term loan remained undrawn. The Borrower drew the $250 million term loan in March 2021.

--- Page 29 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
29
13 Documents available  
 
For the term of the Base Prospectus, the following documents (or copies thereof) can be inspected at the offices of 
Seaspan Ship Management Ltd., 2600-200 Granville Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada V6C 1S4 or on 
the Issuer’s website at www.seaspancorp.com: 
 
(a) the Certificate of Incorporation, Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation dated June 12, 2018, 
as amended by Articles of Amendment dated March 25, 2020, and Second Amended and Restated Bylaws 
dated June 12, 2018, 2018 of the Issuer; and 
 
(b) all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's 
request, any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 30 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
30
14 Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, allows for the 
issuance of Bonds.  
 
This chapter describes the form, type, definitions, general terms and conditions, return and redemption 
mechanisms, rating and template for Final Terms associated with the Bonds. 
 
Risk factors related to the Bonds are described in Chapter 1 Risk Factors. 
 
14.1 Securities Form 
A Bond is a financial instrument as defined in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (Verdipapirhandelloven)  
§ 2-2.  
 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository.  
14.2 Security Type 
Borrowing limit – tap issue 
The Loan may be either open or closed for increase of the Borrowing Amount during the tenor. A tap issue can take 
place until five banking days before the Maturity Date. If the issue is open, the First Tranche and Borrowing Limit 
will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
 
Return 
Fixed Rate (FIX) 
A Bond issue with a fixed Interest Rate will bear interest at a fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Interest Rate will be payable annually or semi-annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
A Bond issue with a floating Interest Rate will bear interest equal to a Reference Rate plus a fixed Margin for a 
specified period (3 or 6 months). Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. The period lengths 
are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period is determined two Business Days prior to 
each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly or semi-annually on the the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Redemption 
The Loan will mature in full at the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal amount, or at the 
Redemption Price as specified in the Final Terms if the Issuer does not, on or before the Target Observation Date, 
deliver written evidence (to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction) that the Sustainability Performance Target has been 
met, as confirmed by the External Verifier in accordance with customary procedures. 
 
The Issuer may have the option to prematurely redeem the Loan in full at terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder at terms specified in the applicable Final terms. 
 
Security 
The Bonds may be either secured or unsecured. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Negative pledge 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 31 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
31
 
14.3 Definitions 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other definitions 
relevant for this Prospectus. If these definitions at any point in time no longer represents the correct understanding 
of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
Additional Bonds: 
Means Bonds issued under a Tap Issue, including any Temporary Bonds as defined in the Bond 
Terms. 
 
 
Attachment: 
Means any schedule, appendix or other attachment to the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Base Prospectus: 
This document. Describes the Issuer and predefined features of Bonds that can be listed under 
the Base prospectus, as specified in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Valid for 12 
months after it has been published. In this period, a prospectus may be constituted by the Base 
Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms for each new issue. 
 
 
Bond Issue/Bonds/ 
Notes/the Loan: 
Means (i) the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to these Bond Terms, and (ii) any 
overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued under a separate ISIN in accordance with 
the regulations of the CSD from time to time. 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
The agreement including any attachments thereto, and any subsequent amendments and 
additions agreed between the parties thereto. 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, or its successor(s) Website: 
https://nordictrustee.com 
 
The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the Bondholders 
in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement 
of the Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer, or others. 
 
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the finance documents. 
The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or 
any other obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in the Bond Terms, or to take any steps 
to ascertain whether any event of default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such 
steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the 
Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the finance documents. 
 
 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a Bond, 
subject however to the Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bondholders’ 
decisions: 
The Bondholders’ Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in 
all matters relating to the Bonds and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and 
conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and 
any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes. 
 
At the Bondholders’ meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each voting bond owned 
at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders’ meeting in the records 
registered in the Securities Depository.  
 
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting bonds must be represented at the 
Bondholders' meeting. See also the clause for repeated Bondholders’ meeting in the Bond 
Terms.  
 
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, 
however, a majority of at least 2/3 of the voting bonds represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting 
is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of the Bond Terms. 
 
(For more details, see also the clause for Bondholders’ decisions in the Bond Terms) 
 
 
Bondholders rights: 
Bondholders' rights are specified in the Bond Terms.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the 
Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms.

--- Page 32 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
32
 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap 
Issue and Borrowing 
Amount/First Tranche 
Borrowing Limit is the maximum issue amount for an open Bond issue.  
 
Borrowing Amount/First Tranche is the borrowing amount for a closed Bond Issue, eventually 
the borrowing amount for the first tranche of an open Bond Issue. 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue and Borrowing Amount/First Tranche will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Business Day: 
A day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system and the USD settlement system are 
open, and banks generally are open for business in Oslo and New York. 
 
 
Business Day 
Conventon: 
If the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be as follow: 
 
If Fixed Rate, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day (Following Business Day convention). However, no adjustment will be made to the Interest 
Period. 
 
If FRN, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to 
the first preceding Business Day (Modified Following Business Day convention). The Interest 
Period is adjusted accordingly. 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
The Bond Trustee, if not otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Call Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem (all or some of) the Outstanding 
Bonds prior to the Maturity Date. 
 
In such case the Call Date(s), the Call Price(s) and the Call Notice Period will be specified in the 
Final Terms. 
 
 
Change of Control 
Event: 
Means a person or group of persons (other than an Excluded Person) acting in concert gaining 
Decisive Influence over the Issuer. 
 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the bond issue is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Day Count Convention: The convention for calculation of payment of interest; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of 
twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of 
days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless: 
(i) the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or 
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in which 
case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
(b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days 
basis). 
 
 
De-Listing Event: 
Means if the Parent’s common shares are delisted from New York Stock Exchange and, 
simultaneously, neither the Parent’s nor the Issuer’s common shares are listed on the New York 
Stock Exchange or another recognized stock exchange. 
 
 
Decisive Influence: 
A person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares, units or other 
equity instruments in another person (directly or indirectly): 
(a) 
a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or 
(b) 
a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that 
 
other person. 
 
 
Denomination – Each 
Bond / Nominal 
Amount: 
The nominal amount of each Bond. 
 
Denomination of each bond will be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 33 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
33
 
 
Disbursement Date / 
Issue Date 
Date of bond issue. 
 
On the Issue Date the bonds will be delivered to the Bondholder’s VPS-account against payment 
or to the Bondholder’s custodian bank if the Bondholder does not have his/her own VPS-account. 
 
The Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Exchange: 
Means: 
(a) Oslo Børs (the Oslo Stock Exchange); or 
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II) and Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 on markets 
in financial instruments (MiFIR). 
 
 
Excluded Person: 
(a) any of Kyle Washington, Kevin Washington, Dennis Washington or any of their estate, 
spouse, and/or descendants; 
(b) any trust for the benefit of the persons listed in (a); 
(c) Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited; 
(d) an Affiliate of any of the persons listed in (a), (b) or (c); or 
(e) a combination of the foregoing. 
 
 
External Verifier: 
Means any qualified provider of third-party assurance or attestation services appointed by the 
Issuer (acceptable to the Bond Trustee) to review and confirm the Issuer’s performance against 
the Sustainability Performance Target. 
 
 
Final Terms: 
Document describing securities as specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
prepared as part of the Prospectus. Final Terms will be prepared for each new security as 
specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, issued by the Issuer. 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as competent authority 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA only approves the template for Final 
Terms as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the quality of the securities that are subject of the Final Terms. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
In the case of NIBOR: Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period. 
In the case of USD LIBOR: Second London business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period. 
 
Interest Determination Date(s) for other Reference Rates, see Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period.  
 
Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and including an Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment Date 
corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
 
(i) 
If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage rate per annum (based 
on the Day Count Convention)  
 
(ii) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate 
plus a Margin (based on the Day Count Convention). Interest Rate or Reference Rate 
may be deemed to be zero. 
 
The Interest Rate is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Rate 
Adjustment Date: 
Date(s) for adjusting of the interest rate for bond issue with floating interest rate.

--- Page 34 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
34
The Interest Rate Adjustment Date will coincide with the Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond Issue. ISIN is specified in Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Issuer: 
Seaspan Corporation is the Issuer under the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Denomination, to be paid by the Bondholders at the Issue Date. 
 
Issue price will be specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Joint Bookrunner: 
The bond issue’s joint bookrunner(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI), is a 20-character reference code to uniquely identify legally distinct 
entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
LEI-code is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Listing: 
Listing of a bond issue on an Exchange is due to the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to 
the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms. 
 
An application for listing will be sent after the Disbursement Date and as soon as possible after 
the Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA. 
 
Bonds listed on an Exchange are freely negotiable. See also Market Making. 
 
 
Market Making: 
For Bonds listed on an Exchange, a market-maker agreement between the Issuer and a Joint 
Bookrunner may be entered into.  
 
This will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Margin: 
The margin, specified in percentage points, to be added to the Reference rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
 
 
Maturity Date: 
The date the bond issue is due for payment, if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option or 
Put Option. The Maturity Date coincides with the last Interest Payment Date and is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention.  
 
The Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
The Issuer will issue on the Issue date the first tranche of the bond issue as specified in Final 
Terms. During the term of the bond issue, new tranches may be issued up to the Borrowing 
Limit, as specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Parent: 
Atlas Corp., a company existing under the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands with 
registration number 102657, and is the 100 per cent. direct owner of the Issuer. 
 
 
Paying Agent: 
The entity designated by the Issuer to manage (maintain the Issuer Account for) the bond issue 
in the Securities Depository. 
 
The Paying Agent is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Prospectus: 
The Prospectus consists of the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms prepared in connection with application for listing on an Exchange.  
 
 
Put Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder 
will have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder. 
 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and put price will be specified in the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 35 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
35
 
 
Put Option Event: 
 Means a Change of Control Event or a De-Listing Event 
 
 
Redemption: 
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer on the Maturity Date (if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option or Put Option) at  
(a) a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount; or 
(b) the Redemption Price if the Issuer does not, on or before the Target Observation Date, deliver 
written evidence (to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction) that the Sustainability Performance Target 
has been met, as confirmed by the External Verifier in accordance with customary procedures. 
 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage of the Denomination to which the bond issue is to be 
redeemed, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Reference Rate:  
For FRN, the Reference Rate shall be NIBOR or USD LIBOR or any other rate as specified in 
the Final Terms, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. 
 
The Reference Rate, the Relevant Screen Page, the specified time, information about the past 
and future performance and volatility of the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be 
specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: For FRN, an internet address or an electronic information platform belonging to a renowed 
provider of Reference Rates. 
 
The Relevant Screen Page will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Securities Depository 
/CSD: 
The securities depository in which the bonds are registered, in accordance with the Norwegian 
Act of 2019 no. 6 regarding Securities depository. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following Securities Depository will be used: 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (“Verdipapirsentralen” or ”VPS”), P.O. Box 4, 0051 
Oslo. 
 
 
Sustainability Linked 
Bond Framework: 
Means the Issuer's Sustainability Linked Bond Framework adopted by the Issuer in January 
2021 establishing the Issuer's sustainability strategy priorities and goals with respect to the 
Sustainability Performance Target. 
 
 
Sustainability 
Performance Target: 
Means the sustainability performance target set out in the Sustainability Linked Bond 
Framework. 
 
 
Tap Issues: 
The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in the Bond Terms are met, at one or more 
occasions up until, but excluding, the Maturity Date or any earlier date when the Bonds have 
been redeemed in full, issue Additional Bonds until the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds 
outstanding equals in aggregate the maximum issue amount (less the aggregate nominal 
amount of any previously redeemed Bonds) 
 
If N/A is specified in the Borrowing Limit in the Final Terms, the Issuer may not make Tap issues 
under the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Target Observation 
Date: 
Means the date falling one month prior to the Maturity Date, provided that if such date is not a 
Business Day, it shall mean the next proceeding Business Day. 
 
 
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a requirement for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus in order for the Additional Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, the Additional 
Bonds may be issued under a separate ISIN which, upon the approval of the supplement, will 
be converted into the ISIN for the Bonds issued on the initial Issue Date. The Bond Terms 
governs such Temporary Bonds. The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee, the Exchange and 
the Paying Agent once such supplement is approved. 
 
 
Yield: 
Dependent on the Market Price for bond issue with floating rate. Yield for the first interest period 
can be determined when the interest is known, normally two Business Days before the Issue 
Date. 
  
For bond issue with fixed rate, yield is dependent on the market price and number of Interest 
Payment Date.

--- Page 36 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
36
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til Konvensjoner for det norske sertifikat- 
og obligasjonsmarkedet» prepared by Norske Finansanalytikeres Forening in January 2020: 
https://finansanalytiker.no/innlegg/januar-2020-oppdatert-konvensjon-for-det-norske-sertifikat-
og-obligasjonsmarkedet/   
 
Yield is specified in Final Terms. 
 
14.4 General terms and conditions 
These general terms and condtions summarize and describe the general terms and conditions set out in any Bond 
Terms. If these general terms and conditions at any point in time no longer represents the correct understanding of 
the general terms and conditions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
14.4.1 Use of proceeds 
The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the Bond Issue for the general corporate purposes of the Group. 
 
Other use of proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms. 
14.4.2 Publication 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms will be available for 
inspection at the offices of Seaspan Ship Management Ltd., 2600-200 Granville Street, Vancouver, British 
Columbia, Canada V6C 1S4 or on the Issuer’s website at www.seaspancorp.com. 
 
The Prospectus will be published by a stock exchange announcement. 
 
14.4.3 Redemption 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the Securities Registry. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period 
Claims of 18 May 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for principal. 
 
14.4.4 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. 
 
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the loan. Any public fees or taxes on 
sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or 
regulation. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law. 
 
14.4.5 Security Depository and secondary trading 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository, see also the definition of 
"Securities Depository". Securities Depository is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Secondary trading will be made over an Exchange for Bonds listed on a marketplace. See also definition of “Market 
Making”. 
 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including templates for Final Terms is NOK 101,000. In addition, there is a 
listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list of the Exchange. The listing fees will be 
specified in the Final Terms.  
 
14.4.6 Status of the Bonds and Security 
The Bonds will constitute senior unsecured debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between 
themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other senior unsecured obligations of the Issuer (save for such 
claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and 
shall rank ahead of subordinated debt. 
 
The Bonds are unsecured.

--- Page 37 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
37
 
14.4.7 Bond Terms 
The Bond Terms has been entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms regulates the 
Bondholders’ rights and obligations in relations with the bond issue. The Bond Trustee enters into the Bond Terms 
on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for 
in the Bond Terms. 
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by 
the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to 
be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and is also available through the Joint 
Bookrunner(s), Issuer and the Bond Trustee. 
 
14.4.8 Legislation 
The Bond Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. The Company is a corporation 
organized under the laws of The Republic of The Marshall Islands.  The Company operates under the provisions of 
the Marshall Islands Business Corporations Act. 
 
14.4.9 Approvals 
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval. 
 
The date of the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Base Prospectus has been submitted to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) before 
listing of the Bonds takes place. 
 
Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet for information in connection with an application for listing of a Bond 
Issue. 
 
The Base prospectus will not be the basis for offers for subscription in bonds that are not subject to a prospectus 
obligation. 
 
14.4.10 Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
14.5 Return and redemption 
Bonds may have return and redemption mechanisms as explained below. The relevant Final Terms refer to these 
mechanisms and provide relevant parameter values for the specific bond issue. 
14.5.1 Bonds with floating rate 
13.5.1.a Return (interest) 
The Interest Rate is specified in Interest Rate ii). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (b). 
 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero.  
 
The period lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period are determined two 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the 
Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and including 
the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and 
including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date.

--- Page 38 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
38
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/360, modified following. 
 
13.5.1.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
14.5.2 Bonds with fixed rate 
13.5.2.a Return (interest) 
The interest rate is specified in Interest Rate (i). Payment of the the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (a).  
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and including 
the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and 
including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/365 for bond issue with fixed rate.  
 
13.5.2.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
14.6 Rating 
The Issuer has been rated by Kroll.  See Section 5.1.8 of this Base Prospectus. 
 
The Bonds have not been rated. 
 
 
14.7 Final Terms 
Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating bond issue, see Appendix 2.

--- Page 39 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
39
15 Third party information and statement by experts and 
declarations of any interest 
15.1 Third party information 
Part of the information given in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third party. It is hereby confirmed 
that the information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as Seaspan Corporation is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The following table lists such third parties:  
 
Kind of information 
Publicly 
available 
Name of third party 
Business 
address 
Qualifications 
Material 
interest in 
the 
Company 
Section 6.1.1, 
Main categories of 
services performed 
and principal markets 
– Containership 
market conditions 
Yes, against 
a fee 
 
Alphaliner Monthly 
Monitor Newsletter 
Alphaliner 
S.A.R.L., 
CB21, 16 
place de 
l’Iris, 92040 
Paris La 
Défense 
Cedex, 
FRANCE 
Knowledge 
base 
None

--- Page 40 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
40
Cross reference list 
 
Reference in 
Registration 
Document 
Refers to 
Details 
11.1 Historical 
Financial 
Information for 
the Company 
Annual Report 2020, available at 
https://ir.atlascorporation.com/sec-filings 
(filed as an Atlas Corp. Report on Form 
6-K, dated March 30, 2020) 
Consolidated Balance Sheets, page 3 
Consolidated Statements of Operations, page 4 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, page 9 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements, 
pages 10 – 37 
 
Annual Report 2019, available at 
https://ir.atlascorporation.com/annual-
reports (filed as part of Atlas Corp.’s 
Annual Report on Form 20-F for the 
year ended December 31, 2019) 
Consolidated Balance Sheets, page S-4 
Consolidated Statements of Operations, page S-5 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, page S-10 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements, 
pages S-11 – S-39 
11.2 Auditing of 
historical 
annual financial 
information 
Annual Report 2020, available at 
https://ir.atlascorporation.com/sec-filings 
(filed as an Atlas Corp. Report on Form 
6-K, dated March 30, 2020) 
Auditors’ report, pages 1 – 2  
 
Annual Report 2019, available at 
https://ir.atlascorporation.com/annual-
reports (filed as part of Atlas Corp.’s 
Annual Report on Form 20-F for the 
year ended December 31, 2019) 
Auditors’ report, page S-2 – S-3 
 
 
References to the documents mentioned above are limited to information given in “Details”, e.g. that the non- 
incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the prospectus.

--- Page 41 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
41
Joint Bookrunners' disclaimer 
 
DNB Bank ASA and Fearnley Securities AS as Joint Bookrunners, have assisted the Company in preparing this 
Base Prospectus. The Joint Bookrunners have not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and the Joint Bookrunners expressly disclaim 
any legal or financial liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the issuance or distribution of bonds by Seaspan 
Corporation.  
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Bookrunners, available at their respective 
websites. Confidentiality rules and internal rules restricting the exchange of information between different parts of 
the Joint Bookrunners may prevent employees of the Joint Bookrunners who are preparing this Base Prospectus 
from utilizing or being aware of information available to the Joint Bookrunners and/or any of their affiliated 
companies and which may be relevant to the recipient's decisions. 
 
Each person receiving this Base Prospectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint 
Bookrunners, nor on any person affiliated with it in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such 
information or its investment decision. 
 
Oslo, 4 May 2021 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
(www.dnb.no) 
 
 
Fearnley Securities AS 
(www.fearnleysecurities.com)

--- Page 42 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
42
Annex 1 Seaspan Corporation 
 
Certificate of Incorporation of Seaspan Corporation 
 
Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Seaspan Corporation dated June 12, 2018, as amended 
by Articles of Amendment dated as of March 25, 2020 
 
Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Seaspan Corporation dated June 12, 2018

--- Page 82 ---
Seaspan Corporation, 4 May 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
43
Annex 2 Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating rate 
Bonds

--- Page 83 ---
[Annex 2] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
for 
 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Vancouver, [Date]

--- Page 84 ---
Seaspan Corporation 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
2  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purpose of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus clauses 2 Definitions and 14.3 Definitions, these Final Terms and the attached Bond Terms. 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target group are professional investors and eligible counterparties, insert the following:] 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA OR UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target group are retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties, 
insert the following:] 
MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible counterparties, professional 
clients and retail clients each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised 
sales and pure execution services – subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 4 May 2021 and [the supplement[s] 
to the Base Prospectus dated [date]].  
 
The Base Prospectus dated 4 May 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ([together,] the “Base 
Prospectus”). 
 
Final Terms include a summary of each Bond Issue. 
 
These Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are available on the 
Issuer's website https://www.seaspancorp.com , or on the Issuer's visit address, Seaspan Ship Management Ltd., 
2600 – 200 Granville St., Vancouver, BC V6C 1S4, Canada, or their successor (s).

--- Page 85 ---
Seaspan Corporation 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
3  
1 Summary  
The below summary has been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements in Article 7in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as of 14 June 2017. 
 
Introduction and warning 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the securities should be 
based on consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole by the 
investor. The investor could lose all or part of the invested capital.  
Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is brought before a court, the plaintiff investor might, 
under the national law, have to bear the costs of translating the 
Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil 
liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the 
summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read 
together with the other parts of the Base Prospectus, or where it 
does not provide, when read together with the other parts of the 
prospectus, key information in order to aid investors when 
considering whether to invest in such securities. 
Name and international securities 
identification number (‘ISIN’) of the 
securities. 
[●] 
Identity and contact details of the issuer, 
including its legal entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
Seaspan Corporation 
Unit 2 – 16th Floor, W668 Building 
Nos. 668 Castle Peak Road, Cheung 
Sha Wan, Kowloon, Hong Kong 
China 
 
Telephone (852) 3588-9400 
Registration number 14582 in the Marshall Islands Register of 
Companies. 
LEI-code ((legal entity identifier): 5493007Z8Q1H45KT7W98. 
Identity and contact details of the offeror or 
of the person asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market. 
There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been produced in 
connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. The 
Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Identity and contact details of the competent 
authority that approved the prospectus 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet), 
Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo.   
Telephone number is +47 22 93 98 00.  
E-mail: prospekter@finanstilsynet.no. 
Date of approval of the prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus was approved on 4 May 2021. 
 
Key information on the Issuer 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Who is the issuer of the securities 
Seaspan Corporation 
Domicile and legal form 
The Company is a corporation incorporated under the Republic of 
the Marshall Islands. The Company operates under the provisions 
of the Marshall Islands Business Corporations Act. 
Principal activities 
Seaspan is an independent owner and operator of containerships. 
Major shareholders 
 
Seaspan Corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of Atlas Corp. 
 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.  
 
Management 
 
 
Name  
Position  
Bing Chen 
President and Chief Executive Officer  
Graham Talbot 
Chief Financial Officer 
Karen Lawrie 
General Counsel

--- Page 86 ---
Seaspan Corporation 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
4  
Peter Curtis 
Chief Commercial Officer 
Tina Lai 
Chief Human Resources Officer 
Torsten Holst Pedersen 
Chief Operating Officer 
Statutory auditors 
KPMG LLP 
 
What is the key financial information 
regarding the issuer 
 
Key financial information 
 
 
Seaspan Corporation consolidated financial statements 
 
Amounts in USD million 
Annual Report 
Annual Report 
 
2020 
2019 
Operating income 
522.3 
687.0 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
4,155.9 
3,562.9 
Net Cash flows from operating 
activities 
627.4 
783.0 
Net Cash flows from financing 
activities 
310.3 
-481.5 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
-891.5 
-475.6 
There is no description of any qualifications in the audit report for the Annual Report 2020. 
 
The auditor’s report in the Annual Report 2020 contains a critical audit matter. 
What are the key risk factors that are specific 
to the issuer  
Adverse economic conditions and other developments may affect 
the ability of our charterers, shipbuilders and relevant refund 
guarantors to fulfill their obligations under agreements with us. 
 
We derive our charter revenue from a limited number of 
customers, and the loss of any of our customers and their 
associated long-term charters or any material decrease in 
payments under our customer contracts could materially harm our 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 
 
 
The Company may not have sufficient funds to pay the purchase 
price should the holders of the Fairfax Notes (as defined in the 
Base Prospectus) exercise their right to call for early redemption 
of the Fairfax Notes. 
 
The Company is unable to obtain additional financing and/or 
pursue business opportunities due to its already substantial debt 
levels. 
 
 
The Company fails to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all 
to finance its business, including the acquisition of the newbuild 
and second-hand vessels that it has contracted to purchase, as 
well as future acquisitions. 
 
 
The Company fails to comply with all applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements, including anti-bribery and corruption and 
environmental laws and marine regulations.  Also, that the 
Company is a victim or perpetrator of illegal, unethical or 
unprofessional actions. 
 
 
The business becomes taxable and/or significant tax liabilities 
result. 
 
 
Risks inherent in the shipping business, including dangers 
associated with potential marine disasters, environmental 
accidents, collisions, cargo and property losses or damage, crew 
injuries or fatalities, and business interruptions caused by 
mechanical failure, human error, war, terrorism, political action in

--- Page 87 ---
Seaspan Corporation 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
5  
various countries, labor strikes or adverse weather conditions. 
 
Disruptions and security threats to the Company’s technology 
systems, particularly its operational technology. 
 
 
Loss of vessel and/or cargo due to piracy. 
 
The Company’s growth strategy is adversely affected by 
competition and/or material disruptions to global economic 
activities, including due to any prolonged disruption created by the 
COVID-19 virus. 
 
Key information on the securities 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
What are the main features of the securities 
 
Description of the securities, including ISIN 
code. 
[●] 
Currency for the bond issue 
[●] 
Borrowing Limit and Borrowing Amount  
 [● tranche] 
[●] 
Denomination – Each Bond 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of 
the securities. 
[●] 
Description of the rights attached to the 
securities, limitations to those rights and 
ranking of the securities. 
[●] 
Information about Issue and Maturity Date, 
interest rate, instalment and representative 
of the bondholders 
[●] 
Status of the bonds and security 
[●] 
Where will the securities be traded 
 
Indication as to whether the securities 
offered are or will be the object of an 
application for admission to trading. 
[●]  
What are the key risks that are specific to the 
securities 
 
Most material key risks 
An investment in the bonds is subject to Seaspan’s credit risk. 
 
The Company and its subsidiaries have the ability to incur 
substantial additional debt, which may increase the risks 
associated with its substantial existing debt, including its ability to 
service the bonds and other debt. 
 
 
 
The Company’s subsidiaries conduct a portion of its operations 
and own certain of its operating assets, and a holder’s right to 
receive payments on the bonds is effectively subordinated to the 
rights of the lenders of the Company’s subsidiaries, none of which 
are guarantors of the bonds. 
 
The Bonds are unsecured obligations and effectively subordinated 
to the Company’s secured debt. 
 
 
 
The bonds do not have an established trading market, which may 
negatively affect their market value and a holder’s ability to 
transfer or sell the bonds. 
 
Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated marked 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Under which conditions and timetable can I 
invest in this security? 
 [●] 
 
The estimate of total expenses related to the admission to 
trading is as follow: [●] . 
 
[/ Other: (specify)]

--- Page 88 ---
Seaspan Corporation 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
6  
Listing fee Oslo Børs [●] 
Registration fee Oslo Børs [●] 
 
Why is the prospectus being produced 
In connection with listing of the securities on the Oslo Børs. 
Reasons for the admission to trading on a 
regulated marked and use of. 
Use of proceeds [●] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds [●] 
 
Description of material conflicts of interest to 
the issue including conflicting interests. 
[●]

--- Page 89 ---
Seaspan Corporation 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
7  
2 Detailed information about the security 
 
Generally: 
 
ISIN code: 
[ISIN] 
 
 
The Loan/The Bonds: 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
Borrower/Issuer: 
Seaspan Corporation is registered in the Marshall Islands Register of 
Companies with registration number 14582. The Company’s LEI code is 
5493007Z8Q1H45KT7W98. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Security Type: 
Unsecured [open] bond issue with [fixed/floating] rate 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue: 
[Currency]  
[Amount borrowing limit]  
 
 
Borrowing Amount [●] tranche: 
[Currency]   
 [Amount [●] tranche]  
 
 
  
Denomination – Each bond: 
[Currency] 
[Amount denomination] - each and ranking pari 
passu among themselves 
 
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 14.1. 
 
 
Publication: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 14.4.2. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3 
 
[Issue price] % 
 
 
Disbursement Date/Issue Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3 
 
[Issue date] 
 
 
Maturity Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from and Including: 
[Issue date 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Bearing To: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3 
 
Floating rate: [NIBOR / USD LIBOR] [3 / 6 / 12] months  
 
[description of Reference Rate] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [Relevant Screen Page] 
 
Specified time: [specified time] 
 
Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the 
Reference Rate is available at [Relevant Screen Page / other: (specify)] 
 
Fallback provisions: [Provisions] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]

--- Page 90 ---
Seaspan Corporation 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
8  
 
/ Fixed Rate: N/A] 
 
 
Margin: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3 
 
Floating Rate: [Margin] % p.a. 
 
/ Fixed Interest: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
[Bond issue with floating rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
14.3): [Reference Rate + Margin] % p.a. 
 
Current Interest Rate: [current interest rate] 
 
/ Bond Issue with fixed rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
14.3): [Interest rate] % p.a. 
 
 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3 
/ Fixed Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction – Secondary 
Market: 
[Floating Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 14.5.1.a 
/ Fixed Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 14.5.2.a  
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3.  
 
Interest Rate Determination Date: [Interest Rate Determination Date(s)] 
each year.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate Adjustment Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A] 
 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 14.5.1 (FRN) / section 14.5.2 (fixed rate) 
 
Interest Payment Date: [Date(s)] each year.  
 
The first Interest Payment Date is [Date].  
 
 
#Days first term: 
[Number of interest days] days 
 
 
Yield: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3. 
 
The Yield is [yield]  
 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Amortisation and Redemption: 
 
Redemption: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3 and as specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 14.4.3, 14.5.1.b and 14.5.2.b. 
 
The Maturity Date is [maturity date] 
 
Redemption Price is [redemption price] % 
 
 
Call Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3.

--- Page 91 ---
Seaspan Corporation 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
9  
 
[terms of the call option] 
 
Call Date(s): [call date(s)] 
 
Call Price(s): [call price(s)] 
 
Call Notice Period: [call notice period] 
 
Put Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3. 
 
[terms of the put option] 
 
 
Obligations: 
 
Issuer’s special obligations during the 
term of the Bond Issue: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 14.4.7. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing of the Bond Issue/Marketplace: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 14.4.5. 
 
Exchange for listing of the Bonds: [Exchange] 
 
/ The Bonds will not be applied for listing on any Exchange. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities: 
 
As specified in the Base prospectus section 14.4.10. 
 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities: [specify] 
 
 
Purpose/Use of proceeds: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 14.4.1. 
 
Estimated total expenses related to the offer: [specify] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: [specify] 
 
Use of proceeds: [specify] 
 
[Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Prospectus and Listing fees: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 14.4.5. 
 
Listing fees: [specify] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Market-making: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3. 
 
[A market-making agreement has been entered into between the Issuer 
and [name of market maker]] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Approvals: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 14.4.9. 
 
Date of the Board of Directors’ approval: [date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 14.4.7.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with 
the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms and any other

--- Page 92 ---
Seaspan Corporation 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
10  
Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or 
formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, 
the Issuer or any other party. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Status and security: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 14.4.5.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bondholders’ meeting/ 
Voting rights: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Availability of the Documentation: 
https://www.seaspancorp.com  
 
 
Joint Bookrunners: 
[name of joint bookrunners] as [type of bookrunner] 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 14.3. 
 
Paying Agent: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 14.3. 
 
The Paying Agent is [name of the Paying Agent] 
 
 
Securities Depository / CSD: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 14.4.5 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
 
Listing fees: 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including template for Final 
Terms is NOK 101,000. 
 
[Listing and other fees at the Exchange: (specify)  
 
/ No listing: N/A]

--- Page 93 ---
Seaspan Corporation 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
11  
3 Additional information 
Advisor 
The Issuer has mandated [name of joint bokrunners] as [type of bookrunner] for the issuance of the Loan. The 
[type of bookrunner] [has/have] acted as advisor[s] to the Issuer in relation to the pricing of the Loan. 
 
The [type of bookrunner] will be able to hold position in the Loan.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issuer or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests that are 
material to the Bond Issue. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Rating 
[There is no official rating of the Loan. 
 
The Issuer is rated as follows: 
Standard & Poor’s: [•] 
Moody’s: [•] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
Listing of the Loan: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 14.3] 
 
The Prospectus will be published in [country]. An application for listing at [Exchange] will be sent as soon as 
possible after the Issue Date. Each bond is negotiable. 
 
Statement from the [type of bookrunner]: 
[name of joint bookrunners] have assisted the Issuer in preparing the prospectus. The [type of bookrunners] have 
not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made, and the [type of bookrunner] expressively disclaim[s] any legal or financial liability as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with bonds issued by the Issuer or their distribution. The statements made in this paragraph are 
without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer. Each person receiving this prospectus acknowledges that 
such person has not relied on the [type of bookrunner] nor on any person affiliated with them in connection with its 
investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
 
[place], [date] 
 
 
[name of joint bookrunners] 
[web address of joint bookrunners]