--- Page 1 ---
SECURITAS AB (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability in Sweden) 
as Issuer and Guarantor 
and 
SECURITAS TREASURY IRELAND DESIGNATED 
ACTIVITY COMPANY 
(incorporated with limited liability in Ireland) 
as Issuer 
€5,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Securitas AB (publ) (“Securitas AB”) and Securitas Treasury Ireland 
Designated Activity Company (“STI”) (each an “Issuer” and together, the “Issuers”) may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any 
currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of 
this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions herein. This does not affect any Notes already issued. 
Payments under the Notes issued by STI will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Securitas AB (in such capacity, the “Guarantor”). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies calculated as described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuers (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific 
issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) 
subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market (as defined below) or other regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and 
of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European 
Economic Area (“EEA”). The Issuers will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included 
in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus 
for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation (as 
defined below). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuers, the Guarantor or the quality of 
the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”), for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List 
of Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market (the “Regulated Market”). There can be no assurance that any such listing will 
be maintained. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market and have been admitted to the Official List. The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA, other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under the Prospectus Regulation. 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt Notes” are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Central Bank has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which 
is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will, with respect to all Notes other than Exempt Notes, be 
set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will be filed with the Central Bank. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the 
Official List will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of 
the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is 
applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the “Pricing Supplement”). 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of SONIA, EURIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, each of the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR), Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility (as administrator of STIBOR) and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as administrator of NIBOR) is included on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) under Article 36 of the Regulation 
(EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of England (as administrator of SONIA) is not included  
in  the  register of administrators established and maintained by the ESMA under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuers are aware,  
SONIA does not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may 
be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuers may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any 
market. 
Securitas AB has been rated BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). As such S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on 
its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
Programme may be rated by S&P or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes). A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
Arranger 
 
ING 
 
Dealers 
 
BBVA
BofA Securities
CIC Market Solutions
Citigroup
Commerzbank
Danske Bank
DNB Bank ASA, Sweden Branch
ING
KBC Bank
SEB
UniCredit 
 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 11 February 2025

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base 
Prospectus, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and “UK Prospectus Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”). 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance/Target Market” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance/Target Market” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes) in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “Singapore Securities and Futures Act 
Product Classification” which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of 
the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”). If 
applicable, the relevant Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to 
“relevant persons” in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes 
of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, the Notes and the Guarantee may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, 
or for the benefit of, U.S. persons (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
None of the Issuers is or will be regulated by the Central Bank as a result of issuing any Notes. Any investment 
in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the deposit protection 
scheme operated by the Central Bank. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Certain information in the section entitled “Description of Securitas AB and the Group” has been extracted 
from the international research companies “Freedonia” and “Omdia” (part of Informa TechTarget, Inc.). Each 
of the Issuers and the Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, as 
far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by Freedonia, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information in this Base Prospectus inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Save for the Issuers and the Guarantor, no other party has separately verified the information contained 
herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arranger and the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of 
the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuers or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. No Arranger or Dealer accepts any liability in 
relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuers or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuers or the Guarantor to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the 
Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuers 
and the Guarantor. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuers, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential

--- Page 5 ---
v 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes 
are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk- based capital or similar rules. 
In connection with the issue of Notes which are specified as “Sustainability-Linked Notes” in the applicable 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), Securitas AB has requested Sustainalytics 
to provide a Second Party Opinion (defined below) in relation to the Group’s Sustainability-Linked Finance 
Framework and its alignment with the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles (the “SLBP”), established by the 
International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) in June 2024 and the Loan Market Association’s (“LMA”) 
Sustainability-Linked Loan Principles 2023 (the “SLLP”) (see “Risk Factors – Risks related to Sustainability-
Linked Notes - Risks relating to sustainability characteristics” and “Risk Factors – Risks related to 
Sustainability-Linked Notes – Risks relating to failure by the Group to meet the Sustainability Performance 
Targets). 
 
The Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any Sustainability Performance 
Report, Verification Assurance Certificate and Limited Assurance Report (each such term as defined in the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Notes) 
are 
accessible 
through 
the 
website 
of 
Securitas 
(https://www.securitas.com/en/investors/funding/listing-documents/). However, none of the Sustainability-
Linked Finance Framework, the Second Party Opinion, any Sustainability Performance Report, Verification 
Assurance Certificate and Limited Assurance Report or any information on, or accessible through, such 
website and the information contained in any such opinion, report or certification is, nor shall it be deemed to 
be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with 
making any investment decision with respect to any Sustainability-Linked Notes to be issued under the 
Programme. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuers, the Arranger, any Dealer or 
any other person to investors as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, 
report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of any Sustainability-Linked Notes, nor 
is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by the Arranger or any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes. Any such opinion, report or certification and any other document related thereto 
is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Agents or any of their respective directors, affiliates, 
advisers and agents accepts any responsibility for any sustainability assessment of any Sustainability-Linked 
Notes or makes any representation or warranty or assurance: (i) as to whether such Sustainability-Linked 
Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such “green”, “social”, “sustainability” or 
similar labels (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”) or the EU Taxonomy as it forms part of UK domestic law by

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
virtue of the EUWA or any requirements of Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and 
optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds 
(the “EU Green Bond Regulation”)); (ii) as to the suitability of any Sustainability-Linked Notes; or (iii) as to 
whether such Sustainability-Linked Notes will fulfil any “green”, “social”, “sustainability” or “environmental” 
criteria or guidelines with which any prospective investors are required, or intend, to comply, whether by any 
present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates. None of the Arranger, the Dealers or the Agents is responsible for monitoring KPIs and 
the Sustainability Performance Targets (each as defined in the Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework) or 
any Sustainability Performance Report, Verification Assurance Certificate or Limited Assurance Report. 
In addition, none of the Arranger, the Dealers, the Agents or any of their respective directors, affiliates, 
advisers and agents is responsible for or has undertaken or will undertake the assessment of the 
Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework. The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain 
environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects 
of an investment in any Sustainability-Linked Notes, including without limitation market price, marketability, 
investor preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a 
statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given by the Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealers, the 
Agents or any of their respective directors, affiliates, advisers and agents as to the suitability or reliability of 
the Second Party Opinion or any report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or 
not solicited by the Issuers) which may be made available in connection with the Sustainability-Linked 
Finance Framework or any issue of any Sustainability-Linked Notes.  
The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Agents, any of their respective directors, 
affiliates, advisers and agents or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes and is current only as of the 
date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion or any 
such other opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, 
updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Prospective investors must determine for themselves 
the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. The Sustainability-
Linked Finance Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from 
any description given in this Base Prospectus.  
In the event any such Sustainability-Linked Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on 
a dedicated “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or 
securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealers, the 
Agents or any of their respective directors, affiliates, advisers and agents: (i) that such listing or admission 
will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Sustainability-Linked Notes; or (ii) as to the suitability of 
any Sustainability-Linked Notes for the listing or admission to trading thereof on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuers or the Guarantor is correct at 
any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger 
and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers and the 
Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme 
of any information coming to their attention. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no 
action has been taken by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to permit 
a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose 
is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the UK, Sweden, Ireland, Japan, France, Belgium 
and Singapore (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or 
after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules. 
DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where Securitas AB is not the relevant Issuer) may agree with any 
Dealer to issue Notes in a form not contemplated in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Form of 
Final Terms”. To the extent that the information relating to that Tranche of Notes constitutes a significant new 
factor in relation to the information contained in this Base Prospectus, a separate prospectus specific to such 
Tranche (a “Drawdown Prospectus”) will be made available and will contain such information. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information 
relating to the relevant Issuer and the Group, and the relevant Notes. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which 
is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, references in this Base Prospectus to information specified or 
identified in the Final Terms shall (unless the context requires otherwise) be read and construed as 
information specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
DEFINITIONS 
All references in this Base Prospectus to (i) “U.S. dollars”, “USD” and “$” are to the lawful currency for the 
time being of the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any state of the United States of 
America and the District of Columbia (the “U.S.” and the “United States”); (ii) “SEK” is to the lawful currency 
for the time being of the Kingdom of Sweden; (iii) “Sterling” and “£” are to the lawful currency for the time 
being of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; (iv) “EUR”, “euro” and “€” are to the currency introduced at the 
start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation 
(EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro.

--- Page 8 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................. 7 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................................... 32 
FORM OF THE NOTES................................................................................................................................. 34 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................. 36 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ............................................................................................................. 51 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .............................................................................................. 67 
USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................................. 103 
GUARANTEE .............................................................................................................................................. 104 
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITAS AB AND THE GROUP ........................................................................... 107 
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITAS TREASURY IRELAND DESIGNATED ACTIVITY COMPANY .............. 122 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................... 124 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ....................................................................................................................... 133 
GENERAL INFORMATION ......................................................................................................................... 138

--- Page 9 ---
1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
The Issuers and (if applicable) the Guarantor may agree with any relevant Dealer that the Notes shall be 
issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of 
Notes other than Exempt Notes and if appropriate, a Drawdown Prospectus, a new Base Prospectus or a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus will be published. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview.
Issuers: 
Securitas AB (publ) 
 
LEI: 635400TTYKE8EIWDS617 
and 
Securitas Treasury Ireland Designated Activity Company 
LEI: 635400BJYMDVAXBPJ960 
Guarantor of Notes 
issued by STI: 
Securitas AB (publ) 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the ability of the Issuers or the 
Guarantor to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes or the 
Guarantee (as applicable) under the Programme. These are set out under 
“Risk Factors” below and include contract and acquisition risks, operational 
risks and financial risks. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
and the Guarantee (as applicable) under the Programme. These are set out 
under “Risk Factors” and include the fact that the Notes may not be a 
suitable investment for all investors, certain risks relating to the structure of 
particular Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
Arranger: 
ING Bank N.V. 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
BofA Securities Europe SA  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
Danske Bank A/S 
DNB Bank ASA, Sweden Branch 
ING Bank N.V. 
KBC Bank NV 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular 
laws, 
guidelines, 
regulations, 
restrictions 
or 
reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply with 
such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements

--- Page 10 ---
2 
from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale”) including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least the higher of 
€125,000 and £100,000, or such an equivalent amount in any other 
currency (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
Notes issued by STI having a maturity of less than one year from the date 
of their issue will be issued only in accordance with one of the exemptions 
from the requirement to hold a banking licence provided by Notice BSD C 
01/02 issued by the Central Bank pursuant to section 8(2) of the Central 
Bank Act 1971 of Ireland, inserted by section 31 of the Central Bank Act 
1989 of Ireland, as amended by section 70(d) of the Central Bank Act 1997 
of Ireland. Any such Notes will not have the status of a bank deposit and will 
not be within the scope of the Deposit Protection Scheme operated by the 
Central Bank. 
Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The 
Issuers and the Guarantor may increase the maximum amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private placement or public offering and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may be 
denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
each of the Issuers or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of the Notes”.
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing 
Supplement) and on redemption, and will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:

--- Page 11 ---
3 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and 
as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
(ii) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable 
on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate 
Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the relevant Issuer may (subject 
to certain conditions and following consultation with an Independent 
Adviser) determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, 
in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any, and any Benchmark 
Amendments in accordance with Condition 4(b)(iii). 
Step Up/Step Down 
Rating Change: 
In the case of Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes, and if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement), the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes will be subject to 
adjustment from time to time following a Step Up Rating Change or Step 
Down Rating Change (as the case may be). 
Sustainability-Linked 
Notes: 
The relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) will state whether a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event 
will be “Applicable” to the Notes, in which case, if Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event (Interest) applies, the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes 
may be subject to upward adjustment as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) 
or, if Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) applies, a premium 
amount may be payable as specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). A Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event is linked to the failure of the Group to achieve certain 
specified Sustainability Performance Target(s) in relation to any relevant 
key performance indicator or the failure of Securitas AB to publish the 
Verification Assurance Certificate on or before the Notification Deadline.  
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur 
no more than once in respect of any Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes 
as a result of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (or, if more 
than one Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) as being applicable, no more than once as a result of each 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event), (ii) no more than one Sustainability-
Linked Premium Amount shall be payable as a result of the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (or, if more than one Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) as being 
applicable, no more than one Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount shall 
be payable as a result of each Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event), (iii) if

--- Page 12 ---
4 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) as being applicable, no Sustainability-Linked Premium 
Amount shall be payable as a result of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event, 
and (iv) if Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) as being applicable, no increase in the Rate of Interest 
shall occur as a result of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any Step Up Rating Change or Step Down 
Rating Change is in addition to change(s) caused by any Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuers may issue Exempt Notes which are Index Linked Notes or Dual 
Currency Notes. 
 
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of Index Linked 
Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Index Linked Interest Notes 
will be calculated by reference to such index and/or formula or to changes 
in the prices of securities or commodities or to such other factors as the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest 
and whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual Currency Notes will 
be made in such currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
The Issuers may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be issued 
in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in 
which event the relevant provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the relevant Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to 
the Noteholders or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or 
dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on 
such other terms as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
 
In addition, the applicable Final Terms may provide that Notes may be 
redeemable at the option of the Noteholders upon the occurrence of a 
Change of Control and a consequential rating downgrade or withdrawal (or 
refusal to provide a rating) in the circumstances set out in Condition 6(e)(B).
 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note, which 
is not a Zero Coupon Note or an Exempt Note, will be redeemed at an 
amount equal to at least 100 per cent. of its nominal amount on its 
scheduled maturity date. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to restrictions 
on their denomination and distribution (see “Certain Restrictions – Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year”). 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum

--- Page 13 ---
5 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency (see 
“Certain Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year”) and 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note (other than an Exempt 
Note issued by Securitas AB) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for or 
on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction, subject as 
provided in Condition 7. In the event that any such deduction is made, the 
relevant Issuer will or, as the case may be, the Guarantor may, save in 
certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 7, be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further 
described in Condition 3. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as further 
described in Condition 9. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and, subject 
to the provisions of Condition 3, unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer 
and will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the relevant Issuer, from time 
to time outstanding. 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Payments in respect of the Notes issued by STI will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor under the Guarantee. The 
obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute  direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3) 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and shall at all times rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred 
by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time to time outstanding. 
Rating: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes). A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market and to be 
listed on the Official List. Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets.

--- Page 14 ---
6 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and the Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes and the Guarantee will be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are specific restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the EEA, the UK, Sweden, Ireland, Japan, France, 
Belgium, Singapore and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes (see 
“Subscription and Sale”). 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2, TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes).

--- Page 15 ---
7 
RISK FACTORS 
In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including risks related to the Group’s market 
and industry, risks associated with the Group’s operations, legal risks, financial risks and risks relating to the 
Notes issued under the Programme. The Group’s assessment of the materiality of each risk factor is based 
on its assessment of the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. 
The description of the risk factors below is based on information available and estimates made on the date 
of this Base Prospectus. The risk factors are presented in categories and where a risk factor may be 
categorised in more than one category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant category 
for such risk factor. The most material risk factors in a category is presented first under that category. 
Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or probability of 
occurrence.  
In this section, the “Group” refers to, depending on the context, Securitas AB (publ), Securitas Treasury 
Ireland Designated Activity Company or the group in which Securitas AB (publ) is the parent company, and 
“STI” refers to Securitas Treasury Ireland Designated Activity Company. 
Factors related to STI’s business that may affect STI’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme  
STI, via its group treasury centre function (GTC), supports the Group by providing treasury and financial 
services to Securitas AB and other Group companies, including cash management, lending to and borrowing 
from companies within the Group, international cash pooling and foreign exchange hedging, group 
liquidity/debt management, interest rate risk management, management of banking and rating agency 
relationships. STI’s operations are carried out according to centrally determined risk mandates and limits 
designed to minimise the credit, currency, interest rate and liquidity risks to which the Group is exposed. In 
conducting its operations, STI is exposed to various types of financial risks (see “Financial risks” below). 
STI is a treasury company with limited assets which concentrates on financing activities for the Group. It is a 
directly wholly owned subsidiary of Securitas AB and will, if acting as Issuer, either adjust its capital structure 
or on-lend the proceeds from the sale of the Notes under one or more intercompany loans. It intends to 
service and repay the Notes out of the payments it receives under such intercompany loans. Other than the 
receivables under the intercompany loans and any other proceeds from loans made in connection with other 
financing transactions, it has no material assets or sources of revenue. Its ability to service and repay the 
Notes therefore depends on the ability of Securitas AB and other entities within the Group to service in full all 
such intercompany loans and fees. Accordingly, if Securitas AB or any other entities within the Group do not 
service in full such intercompany loans and fees, this would have a material adverse effect on STI’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Factors related to the Group’s business that may affect the Group’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme and/or the Guarantee 
Risks related to the Group’s operations 
Adverse macroeconomic factors and geopolitical conditions 
The Group’s business and results are dependent on its clients, both in the public and the private sector, 
having sufficient resources to purchase services from the Group. Clients may in the future reduce their 
purchases of the Group’s services due to, among other things, difficulties in obtaining credits, financial 
insecurity, budget deficits, concerns for the stability of the market in general, or overall changed global 
economic conditions, all of which may reduce or delay the purchase of the Group’s services. The demand for 
the Group’s services depends on the general economic climate within the security services industry, which 
in turn is affected by macroeconomic factors in the countries and regions as well as client segments for which 
the Group conducts operations. The macroeconomic factors include, among other things, the rate of growth 
in the global economy, employment levels, political conditions and levels of public spending for security 
services, currency rate fluctuations, customs duty which may depend on different political administrations and 
price level changes. Significant negative economic developments, political uncertainty or geopolitical 
deteriorations in the markets in which the Group operates could trigger a significant industry-wide decline in

--- Page 16 ---
8 
sales. For example, while the Group does not operate directly either in Russia or in Ukraine, the Russian 
invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and the ongoing war in Ukraine could lead to unforeseeable 
consequences, including outside the two directly implicated countries. As a result of the ongoing war in 
Ukraine and associated increased geopolitical tensions, the United States, the European Union (the “EU”) 
and other jurisdictions have imposed sanctions on certain Russian and Belarusian persons and entities and 
have imposed restrictions on exports of various items to Russia, and may impose increasingly stringent 
sanctions going forward. Any sanctions imposed and other ramifications of geopolitical escalation or other 
events could restrict the Group’s ability to perform its services and affect the security services industry as 
well as global economic and key economic factors, such as gross domestic product (GDP) growth rates, 
employment levels, interest rates and inflation  in a negative manner. The war in Ukraine intensified supply 
disruptions, adding to inflationary pressure. Even before Russia invaded Ukraine, broad price pressures led 
central banks to tighten their respective monetary policies. Further, the outbreak of the military conflict 
between Israel and Palestine following an attack in early October 2023 has contributed to further instability 
in the global economy and destabilisation in the Middle-East. As a result of these instabilities, inflation 
increased in many countries globally in 2022 and 2023, leading to a significant increase in central bank 
interest rates after a period of low or negative rates. In 2024, however, the trend has reversed and inflation 
levels have fallen and central bank interest rates appear to have stabilised and/or decreased, but it cannot 
be ruled out that global interest rates will remain at higher levels for a prolonged period, or be increased 
again. Continued and/or intensified military action and geopolitical tensions, as well as sanctions and 
protectionist tendencies, could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations to the extent these have an impact on the macro-economic context in which the Group operates. 
Long term effects on the financial market caused by these conflicts may also have a material adverse effect 
on the Group. 
In addition, any future pandemic may cause repercussions on people, societies, businesses and financial 
markets across the world, including in all of the Group’s core markets (North America, Europe, Ibero-America, 
Africa, the Middle East, Asia and Australia) and some of the Group’s segments, especially airport security 
and events and could materially adversely affect the Group’s sales and results. It may also lead to longer 
payment cycles, difficulties in securing payment of accounts receivable, and thereby an increased risk of 
credit losses, thus adversely affecting the Group’s cash flows and liquidity. In addition, it may also affect the 
supply chains of the Group and its clients, potentially affecting the supply and demand of the Group’s 
services. The Group’s ability to conduct its operations is highly dependent on the availability and timely 
delivery of certain products, for example uniforms and technologic equipment. 
The Group is also exposed to risks related to inflation, for example inflation of salary and pension levels. 
Since salaries and social benefits for the Group’s approximately 341,000 employees accounted for 75 per 
cent. of the Group’s total operating expenses in 2023, as of 31 December 2023, a salary increase by 1 per 
cent. would increase the Group’s expenses for salaries and social benefits by approximately SEK 1,144 
million. Given the ongoing military conflicts and global instability, there is a risk that inflation and market 
interest rates will remain at higher levels or be increased again. A higher level of inflation poses a risk that 
the costs of inflation on salaries and pensions may exceed the rate of price increases for the Group’s services, 
which would have a negative effect on the Group’s profit margins. Furthermore, the global economy and 
certain regions may be impacted by trade disputes and other specific conditions, such as political instability, 
deterioration in diplomatic relations, terrorism, protectionism as well as regional and/or cross-border conflicts. 
Any of the adverse macroeconomic factors and geopolitical conditions described above could have an 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Ability to swiftly and efficiently respond to market developments 
The market for the Group’s services is characterised by technical developments, changes in industry 
standards, changes in regulatory frameworks, and rapid changes of the requirements of clients. Some of the 
current market trends include digital transformation, economic globalisation, increasing urbanisation and 
industrialisation, economic and political development, an increased use of technology, customised and cost-
effective services, as well as a greater focus on risk management. In order to compete in the current market, 
the Group must be able to adapt its business to these market trends and it may require repositioning of its 
offering. The introduction of products and services utilising new technology in the market and the emergence

--- Page 17 ---
9 
of new industry standards and practices may make the Group’s existing services difficult to sell. However, 
the introduction of products and services utilising new technology in the market and the emergence of new 
industry standards and practices may take market share from the Group’s existing services. There is a risk 
that the Group will lose clients and market share if its products, services or software fail to meet the clients’ 
expectations in terms of cost, quality, reliability or function. In order to compete effectively, the Group must 
continue to ongoingly invest in and implement new technology. Furthermore, the Group must regularly adapt 
and update its products, services and software as well as business models and strategies to prevailing 
technological and digital conditions and trends. In that context, there is a risk that the Group does not adapt 
quickly enough to the disruption of existing business models and markets brought on by the commercial 
introduction of artificial intelligence (“AI”) and other technical advancements. Late or inefficient adaption 
could, if competitors adapt more quickly or efficiently to the new technology than the Group, result in loss of 
clients and loss of footprint. 
If the Group does not act swiftly and efficiently with regard to changing technology and fails to implement 
updated strategies and improve its existing services and products as well as to develop and introduce new 
services and products that are in line with technical advances and new industry standards, there is a risk that 
the Group may not be able to compete effectively and will lose clients and market share, in turn negatively 
affecting the Group’s sales and results. 
Ability to attract and retain qualified staff 
The security services that the Group offers its clients require qualified security officers and technicians and 
staff with key skills with respect to, among other things, business development, marketing, sales, technical 
support and legal, risk management, financial, tax, treasury, HR, communication and IT/IS development and 
support. Consequently, the Group’s success depends on its ability to attract, train and retain qualified security 
officers and technicians and personnel within all of these areas. For example, one of the current market 
trends that has a great impact on the Group’s business is digital transformation of the security services 
market. To stay competitive, the Group is dependent on its employees having the relevant key skills to enable 
the Group’s business to continue to adapt to the digital transformation. The competition for qualified staff 
within all of these areas mentioned above, especially with the relevant technical key skills, is tough, and there 
is therefore a risk that the Group will not be able to hire appropriate staff to achieve the Group’s goals. For 
example, if the Group does not upskill and/or is unable to attract the right people to manage the quickly 
evolving AI technology, this could lead to financial, regulatory, and reputational damage. In addition, high 
employee turnover within the security services industry may limit the Group’s  ability to maintain appropriate 
levels of know-how and experience. If the Group fails to attract and retain qualified staff, this could negatively 
impact the Group’s business by impairing its ability to successfully develop prospective solutions, identify 
new business opportunities and execute its strategy successfully. Furthermore, the Group’s success is in 
large part dependent on its ability to attract, train and retain qualified security officers within all geographic 
regions in which the Group operates. Security officers represent the largest employment category within the 
Group, and several factors, such as requirements in respect of minimum levels of training and security officer 
licenses in various countries as well as increasing levels of regulation may limit the Group’s ability to recruit 
qualified security officers and replace leaving security officers effectively. Accordingly, if the Group fails to 
attract and retain qualified staff, it could have an adverse effect on the development of the Group, its growth 
and profitability. Additionally, there is risk of the Group not having a diversified workforce which could result 
in reduced innovation, efficiency, financial results and competitiveness, loss of clients or investors that require 
diversity, increased business ethics risks, loss of existing and potential employees, risk of losing or not 
utilising competence efficiently and missing important perspectives, as well as lower ESG ratings. 
To attract and retain appropriate staff, the Group may also need to increase its levels of remuneration, which 
could adversely affect the Group’s results of operations. In 2023, salaries and social benefits amounted to 
SEK 93,831 million and SEK 20,557 million, respectively, and together accounted for 75 per cent. of the 
Group’s total operating expenses. There is a risk that the Group may not be able to increase the prices of its 
services to compensate for increases in salaries and costs related thereto. Moreover, nominal salary growth 
could accelerate in case of elevated consumer price inflation as employees seek higher salaries to account 
for increased living costs. Conversely, if the Group were to offer lower remuneration levels, it may lead to 
employees choosing to terminate their employment, which could result in a lack of resources and competence

--- Page 18 ---
10 
and would adversely affect the Group’s current and future operations. In addition, if the Group were to hire 
unsuitable staff in permanent or temporary positions, or recruit such personnel as subcontractors, there is an 
increased risk of mistakes or incidents which could result in claims and/or a risk that this could damage the 
Group’s reputation and have an adverse effect on the growth and profitability of the Group. 
Sales and operations on international markets 
A major part of the Group’s sales is carried out in markets outside Sweden. In 2024, sales outside Sweden 
represented approximately 95 per cent. of the Group’s total sales and an important part of the Group’s 
strategy is to continue to expand on international markets. The international sales of the Group are affected 
by costs and risks related to business on international markets, amongst others the following: 
 
the different and varying requirements and cultural factors of the jurisdictions in which the Group 
operates or may operate in the future; 
 
foreign exchange fluctuations; 
 
trade barriers; 
 
difficulties in supporting, managing and recruiting staff for operations abroad; 
 
longer payment cycles; 
 
difficulties with collecting accounts receivable and bad debt losses;  
 
economic or political change or disturbance in the regions where the Group operates; and 
 
risks of non-compliance and business integrity issues within different jurisdictions. 
The Group operates in 44 jurisdictions and must therefore adapt its business to the abovementioned factors 
in a large number of different regions. A negative development of the abovementioned factors, in one or more 
jurisdictions in which the Group operates, could lead to a reduction in the demand for the Group’s services, 
cancelled or changed client agreements, difficulties in collecting receivables and a higher cost of doing 
business, all of which would negatively affect the business, the operating result and the financial position of 
the Group.  
Further, a part of the Group’s strategy for growth is to expand in new markets. Such new markets include the 
Middle East, Asia and Africa, and the risk of political, economic and/or military instability is deemed higher in 
these regions. The consequences of such instability is hard to predict, and is something that could further 
affect the business and the results of the Group in a negative manner. For example, there is a risk that non-
compliance and business integrity issues within one jurisdiction could affect also risks for non-compliance 
with established requirements for corporate compliance programmes required by other jurisdictions. 
Business continuity and IT risks  
For its day-to-day operations, the Group is dependent on well-functioning key business processes to ensure 
business continuity. The Group offers protective services solutions and its key processes primarily relate to 
IT infrastructure, protection of company assets and HR-related processes. If these processes do not function 
efficiently, it could have an adverse effect on the Group’s overall business (for example, if the monitoring 
centres do not receive relevant information timely or if the employee scheduling systems do not work). 
Accordingly, the Group is exposed to risks related to outages and disruptions in its key business processes, 
which may be caused by, among other things, data viruses, power outages, human or technical errors, 
sabotage, weather and nature-related events, pandemics or problems due to deficient care and maintenance. 
For example, one of the key business processes the Group is dependent on is a well-functioning IT 
infrastructure, which is necessary in order to sell and perform the Group’s services. The requirement of a 
well-functioning IT infrastructure has become more important in the last few years following the trend of 
increased digitalisation of the business. Accordingly, IT attacks, errors and damage to IT systems, operational 
disruptions or defective or incorrect deliveries of IT services from the Group’s IT providers that lead to

--- Page 19 ---
11 
extensive disruptions to its services or result in breaches of regulations such as the General Data Protection 
Regulation (regulation (EU) 2016/679, the “GDPR”) would adversely affect the Group’s business and results. 
Further, as the Group is responsible for its clients’ security and is operating within areas involving the handling 
of sensitive or confidential information (for example, provisions of guarding services of data centres or security 
services at airports), the Group is particularly vulnerable to cyber security incidents such as data breaches, 
intrusions, espionage and data privacy infringements and leakage. These incidents could be related to 
external threat actors, unintentional actions or intentional actions (see also “Criminal actions and insider 
threats” below). If such cyber security incidents are not handled in an efficient manner, there is a risk that this 
would negatively affect the Group’s business and operations as it could cause breach of client contracts and 
lead to damage to the Group’s reputation. 
Additionally, in its operations, the Group processes personal data about, for example, individuals, clients, 
employees and suppliers. Accordingly, the Group is subject to data protection laws, rules and regulations in 
several jurisdictions, such as the GDPR. In addition, the nature of the Group’s operations entails that the 
Group collects, processes and retains sensitive, confidential or classified information relating to its clients, 
which is necessary for the Group’s ability to conduct its services securely and efficiently. Any non-compliance 
by the Group of applicable laws, regulations and rules regarding data protection, for example by developing 
products or services with inappropriate processing of personal data (i.e. without legal grounds), could lead to 
negative publicity and seriously damage the Group’s reputation and lead to loss of clients and sales. It may 
also lead to fines and injunctions from authorities to address the deficiency as well as damage claims from 
individuals. Failure to comply with the GDPR may result in administrative fines up to the higher amount of 
EUR 20 million, or 4.0 per cent. of the Group’s total annual sales. Non-compliance with the data protection 
laws, rules and regulations applicable in the markets in which the Group operates may thus have an adverse 
negative effect on the Group’s reputation, operations and results. 
Company acquisitions, mergers and divestments  
Part of the Group’s strategy is to grow through acquisitions and during the last few years the Group has 
completed a number of acquisitions of companies within the technology market. For example, the Group 
acquired Electronic Security Solutions business from Stanley Black & Decker Inc. (“STANLEY Security”) in 
July 2022 for USD 3,200 million. However, there is a risk that the Group may not be able to carry out all its 
desired acquisitions or investments in the future, due to, for example, competition from other potential 
industrial or private equity sponsored buyers, merger control issues or increased indebtedness or other 
circumstances beyond the Group’s control. For example, the Group is currently involved in a dispute relating 
to its possible acquisition of a guarding company in Brazil, Estrela Azul, in 2005. The limited number of 
companies within the segments that fulfil the Group’s strategical requirements may also be an impeding 
factor. If the Group fails to carry out acquisitions in accordance with its strategic goals, there is a risk that the 
Group’s expansion and growth may be adversely affected. The Group may also decide to divest business 
areas or operations in certain countries based on strategic, financial or other reasons. There is a risk that 
such divestments cannot be carried out in a timely manner or on terms that are favourable for the Group, or 
that they are prevented or impeded due to requirements of regulatory approval (for example for competitive 
reasons) or due to contractual obligations in, for example, financing agreements, which may ultimately have 
a negative effect on the Group’s results and financial position. As an example, the Group signed a put option 
agreement to divest its airport security business in France to local management in December 2024, 
exercisable upon completion of the mandatory consultation process with the relevant works councils. 
When acquiring other companies, there is a risk that the due diligence review performed by the Group does 
not include all the information that is required in order to make an optimal decision from a financial and cultural 
perspective. There is also a risk that the acquisition agreement is not correctly designed for managing the 
risks discovered during the due diligence review. 
Furthermore, the carve-out and integration processes of an acquired company involve certain risks and 
uncertainties, and there can be no assurance that the carve-out and integration can be accomplished in the 
manner or within the timeframe anticipated. The integration process may also divert the attention of the 
Group’s management away from the Group’s daily operations. Moreover, there is a risk that the integration 
of acquired companies may result in unforeseen operational difficulties and costs. For example, with the

--- Page 20 ---
12 
acquisition of STANLEY Security, the Group expanded its operations in certain market segments such as 
healthcare and the provisioning of certain security hardware and software, involving a greater element of 
product manufacturing and cross border transactions than previously conducted by the Group. Apart from 
the traditional markets in Europe and North America, acquisitions have been made in markets such as Latin 
America, the Middle East, Asia and Africa, and/or have been related to security companies that are active 
within the technology segment, all of which could be even more difficult to integrate due to (for example) 
cultural differences. Additional risks associated with acquisitions outside the traditional markets in Europe 
and North America includes an increased risk of non-compliance and business integrity issues. Acquisitions 
of technology driven companies are also, by their nature, considered to entail a higher risk than traditional 
guarding acquisitions. By way of example, the technology used might become obsolete or may no longer be 
competitive, or there may be a higher dependency on key personnel with certain technology experience or 
skills. Given the Group’s current strategy to focus on the acquisition of technology companies, this increases 
the risks connected to company acquisitions. Another integration related risk is that dissatisfaction arise 
among the personnel of the acquired business and the Group’s personnel, ultimately leading to key 
employees choosing to terminate their employment. Failing to successfully integrate acquired businesses 
within the Group, from an operational, commercial, financial as well as a business integrity perspective, or to 
retain key personnel in acquired businesses, may have a significant negative effect on the Group’s 
operations, results and financial position. 
There is also a risk that the Group may not be able to realise the expected benefits and synergies from a 
certain acquisition and that the profitability of the acquired company is lower than expected. Furthermore, 
there is also a risk that the Group may not be able to satisfy the expectations from existing clients resulting 
in loss of important parts of the acquired business. Future acquisitions may also lead to incurrence of liabilities 
and contingent liabilities, as well as depreciation costs related to intangible assets. If such risks were to 
materialise, this could result in a significant adverse effect on the Group’s results and financial position.  
Price risk related to cost increases 
The Group operates in an open market, where the price of various products and services constantly 
fluctuates. There is a risk of lower margins if the Group is not able to manage increases in prices/salaries in 
a desirable manner, which could be the case, for example, if wage increases are not appropriately reflected 
in client contracts causing the Group’s costs to increase at a faster pace than its revenues. Since salaries 
and social benefits for the Group’s approximately 341,000 employees accounted for 75 per cent. of the 
Group’s total operating expenses in 2023, this risk could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
margins. 
Sustainability risks 
The Group is active in 44 markets throughout the world and is subject to a variety of sustainability risks, 
including, among other things, risks related to working conditions, occupational health and safety, ethical 
business standards, security practices, environment and risks related to not meeting the clients’ and 
investors’ sustainability requirements. Among other things, the Group has implemented a Values and Ethics 
Code to guide the performance of its employees in all countries in ethical behaviour. However, there is a risk 
that the measures taken are not sufficient to reduce these risks. For example, should the Group not comply 
with applicable labour practices and human rights and non-discrimination regulations, this could lead to the 
Group losing licenses to conduct security operations, and there is a risk that this would result in loss of 
business, a negative financial impact and brand damage as well as difficulties in recruiting and retaining 
employees. Further, the Group has committed to certain climate targets, Science Based Targets validated by 
the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions. If the Group fails to 
reach the Science Based Targets, or fails to comply with environmental requirements in the jurisdictions in 
which it operates, this could lead to brand damage, loss of clients and difficulties in recruiting and retaining 
employees. 
Since the Group had approximately 341,000 employees globally as at 31 December 2023, it is required to 
comply with several employment-related laws and regulations with various levels of employee protection, for 
example laws and regulations relating to the health and safety. The Group’s employees, subcontractors and 
other parties working with the Group may face exposure to high-risk scenarios, including guarding assets or

--- Page 21 ---
13 
facilities which could be targeted (such as airports and other critical infrastructures which are more exposed 
to terrorist attacks) and other high-risk related activities. The Group also operates a large vehicle fleet in a 
number of countries which increases the risk of road traffic accidents. If the Group’s health and safety 
procedures (including relevant training, instructions and equipment) are inadequate, or not adhered to, there 
is a risk of employees being injured or falling ill as well as a risk of fatalities. 
The degree to which sustainability risks may affect the Group is uncertain and there is a risk that the Group 
may be subject to, among other things, penalties, fines, loss of operating licenses, loss of investors, increased 
costs of financing, lost revenues, reputational harm and difficulties in recruiting employees. Any of these 
consequences could in turn have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations and results. 
Criminal actions and insider threats 
By offering protective services solutions, including on-site, mobile and remote guarding, the Group’s business 
is inherently conducted within sectors that have an increased exposure to criminal actions. Thus, an 
operational risk in the Group’s business is linked to external or internal threats in the form of criminal actions 
of various types, for example in connection with guarding and storing of valuable property, and also 
destruction and damage to life and property. Some of the Group’s services and operations may be carried 
out in locations which are more exposed to terrorist attacks. The Group has a responsibility for the assets 
and facilities stored or guarded under an assignment from its clients. For many years, there has been a 
heightened risk of terrorism and similar activities around the world which potentially increases the risk of 
insider threats. If essential infrastructures and facilities where services of the Group are being rendered are 
subject to terrorist attacks, it could have severe and adverse consequences for a lot of people; it may also 
significantly reduce the market’s confidence in the Group and thereby seriously damage the Group’s 
reputation (see also “Reputational risks” below). Criminal actions may also pose a risk for the Group’s 
employees. Furthermore, if the proportion of the value of assets that are lost or otherwise damaged through 
criminal actions increases, the costs of the Group’s insurance may increase. Likewise, to the extent not 
covered by adequate insurance or exceeding the insured amounts, singular criminal events could result in 
the Group being liable for compensation and costs, which would have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
results. 
Due to the nature of the Group’s business, there is a risk that individuals may use employment at the Group 
to prepare, and perform, terrorism or similar activities. For example, the Group’s employees may have access 
to highly sensitive information, including confidential or classified information, which may be exploited in 
terrorism or other criminal activities. If an employee with access to such sensitive information were to exploit 
the information in terrorism or other criminal activities, it could have adverse consequences, as well as cause 
disruption to the Group’s operations and expose the Group to risks of litigation and liability. If this risk were 
to materialise, it would have a significant negative impact on the Group’s brand, reputation, business and 
results. 
Strong competition 
The security services industry consists of markets that are highly exposed to competition. The market for 
guarding services is particularly fragmented, with low financial barriers of entry for new entrants, resulting in 
the Group competing with a large number of companies of varying sizes. In many of the Group’s markets, 
the Group’s main competitors are small or medium-sized local companies. Among other things, the Group’s 
competitiveness depends on the price of its services. In some markets, the Group’s competitors may be 
willing to accept low margins, enabling them to outcompete the Group in terms of price for its services. As a 
result, the Group may have to make investments, restructurings and/or price reductions in order to adapt to 
a changed competitive situation, which could lead to a lowered margin for the Group’s business and have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business and profitability. There is a risk that the Group will not be 
able to successfully counteract the effects of competition, especially since the Group is competing with a 
large number of companies of varying sizes. If the Group is unable to successfully compete in terms of price 
for its services, or if competitors find better and more cost-efficient ways of providing security services than 
the Group, this may have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, margins and profitability.

--- Page 22 ---
14 
Implementation of the Group’s strategy may not be possible 
An important part of the Group’s strategy is to focus on profitability and to differentiate itself from its 
competitors mainly through technology and through solutions. With the acquisition of STANLEY Security in 
2022, the Group accelerated this strategy. For example, as part of the Group’s previous strategy, the Group 
implemented a transformation programme regarding information security and information technology (“IS/IT”) 
with the target to modernise the Group’s global IS/IT foundation, as well as a business transformation 
programme in North America and Ibero-America. A similar business transformation programme is being 
implemented in Europe and a new business optimisation programme will also be launched in 2025, primarily 
in Europe. The implementation of such a programme always involves certain risks, such as that the expected 
savings may be lower than anticipated and that certain costs associated with the programme may be higher 
than expected. 
Further, if the Group does not adapt its business and operations in line with its sustainability strategy, it could 
lead to, for example, loss of investors, increased costs of financing, lost revenues and reputational harm (see 
also “Sustainability risks” above). 
In order to successfully implement its strategy, the Group may have to employ more staff, and there is a risk 
that the Group is not able to retain and recruit appropriate staff (see also “Ability to attract and retain qualified 
staff” above). The successful implementation of the Group’s strategy could also be affected by a number of 
factors beyond the Group’s control. For example, there is a risk that the Group’s investments are not 
successful or that the Group will not be able to adhere to its established strategy, due to, for example, 
unexpected external factors, such as a changed regulatory environment or a strained business or geopolitical 
climate in a particular country or region, which would imply that the Group is not able to increase profitability 
or reach its strategic targets. Should this risk materialise, it would entail a negative effect on the Group’s 
operating margin and results. 
Unsatisfactory performance of assignments and services 
When the Group performs its assignments and services, there is a risk that agreed contractual terms are not 
fulfilled, which could have a negative effect on the contract portfolio’s turnover speed, growth, client relations 
and the Group’s reputation. If, for example, the services do not correspond to established requirements, the 
result may be a loss of property or damage to property or person, which in turn could lead to compensation 
claims levied against the Group. In the financial year 2024, the Group had a client retention rate of 
approximately 90 per cent. However, should contractual terms not be met by the Group, there is a risk that 
the client retention rate would decline, which could have a negative effect on the Group’s business and 
results. In addition, the Group is dependent on retaining its largest clients. Although the Group is not 
dependent on any single client, a simultaneous loss of several of its largest clients would have an adverse 
impact on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. If the Group does not fulfil operational 
requirements in relation to its clients, there is a risk that this would lead to compensation liabilities and also 
affect the Group’s reputation, growth or ability to retain contracts, which may have an adverse effect on the 
Group’s business and results. 
Burdensome contractual obligations and potential client and third party liabilities 
The Group has a large number of clients across numerous jurisdictions. Given the number of clients globally, 
the number of various jurisdictions involved and the strong competition in general, there is a risk that client 
contracts entail unrealistic undertakings and risks for the Group, resulting in unbalanced terms for the type of 
assignment in question. Examples of such terms are unreasonable liabilities, unrealistic levels of service, 
adverse pricing mechanisms and disproportionally high damages provisions. If client contracts contain such 
unreasonable terms, there is a risk that it may affect margins and profitability and therefore have a negative 
effect on the Group’s business and results. As a result of the services performed or deficiencies in such 
services, there is a risk that the Group may become liable for damage caused either to the client or to third 
parties. If such liability is not covered by adequate insurances, this could have an adverse effect on the 
Group’s reputation, business and financial standing.

--- Page 23 ---
15 
Reputational risks 
The Group’s brands and trademarks, including Securitas and Pinkerton, have worldwide recognition, and the 
Group’s success depends on its ability to maintain and enhance its reputation and brand image. The Group 
would be adversely affected if it fails to achieve these objectives or if, whether or not justified, the reputation 
or perception of any of its brands is materially tarnished or receives extensive negative publicity. Given the 
nature of the Group’s operations and the high number of employees, the Group is under constant scrutiny 
and therefore from time to time subject to negative publicity. Certain actions of employees during or even 
outside their duties could harm the reputation of the Group. In addition, extensive adverse publicity about 
regulatory or legal actions against the Group would also damage its reputation and brand image, undermine 
its clients’ confidence in the Group and reduce long-term demand for its products and services, even if the 
regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to the Group’s operations. Moreover, the Group is 
occasionally a licensor of intellectual property. Consequently, the Group may not be able to exercise the 
same degree of control over the use of its trademark as within the Group, which poses an increased 
reputational risk for the Group. The degree to which a harmed reputation may affect the Group is uncertain 
and presents a significant risk to the demand for the Group’s products and services. 
In addition, the Group’s success in maintaining, extending and expanding its brand image depends on the 
Group’s ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment, including its increasing reliance on social 
media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. Negative posts or comments about the Group on 
social media and other websites that spread rapidly through such forums could seriously damage the Group’s 
reputation and brand image. 
Legal risks 
Compliance-related risks 
The Group operates in a global environment, and its activities straddle multiple jurisdictions and complex 
regulatory frameworks at a time of increased enforcement activity worldwide in areas such as competition 
law, anti-bribery and anti-corruption. The threat of corruption, bribery, financial fraud and other illicit activities 
is omnipresent in several of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates, particularly insofar as it includes 
public procurement. The Group faces the risk of corruption, financial fraud and other illegal acts by its 
employees as well as violations at subsidiaries and other companies in which the Group has an interest. The 
Group’s compliance processes and policies may thereby fail to prevent breaches of laws and governance 
standards at the Group, and there is a risk that there will be acts of corruption and other illegal acts involving 
employees in the Group. Violations of anti-corruption legislation that lead to extensive fines and other criminal, 
civil or administrative sanctions or lead to the Group being excluded from participating in public tenders would 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation, business, results of operations and financial 
position. 
The Group has a decentralised organisational model that promotes entrepreneurship and focuses on the 
approximately 1,500 branch managers who run the Group’s daily operations in 44 markets. The Group’s 
international operations are subject to world-wide relevant regulations, such as anti-corruption laws, as well 
as national and local regulations in many different markets where laws, regulations, environmental 
requirements and social conditions may differ. The decentralised organisational model entails that the branch 
managers do not involve group or central functions in all decisions. In addition, it is complex for the Group to 
monitor and control compliance by the entire Group with applicable laws and regulations, internal policies 
and codes of conduct, including in relation to accounting and financial reporting regulations. As an example, 
there is a risk that the Group may not be able to sufficiently monitor and hinder the occurrence of any anti-
competitive, fraudulent or corrupt practices on a local or regional level. If such practices were to occur within 
the Group, and particularly if they involve any U.S. person or if there is an established link to the United 
States, the Group could be subject to significant fines.  
Moreover, the Group has implemented internal controls to ensure that it does not conduct business with 
clients or other business partners who are the target of sanctions or located in certain sanctioned countries. 
However, the Group has a substantial number of clients and other business partners, some of which have 
global operations, and there is a risk that the Group’s internal controls, regardless of implemented policies

--- Page 24 ---
16 
and routines, will not successfully identify clients or business partners who are the target of sanctions or who 
are located in certain sanctioned countries in an efficient manner or at all. Sanctions laws are complex, and 
their applicability to a given circumstance can often be subject to interpretation and be difficult to determine 
with certainty. Sanction regimes are also subject to frequent changes, such as the sanctions imposed as a 
result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, which could require the Group to cease or limit 
its involvement in affected markets or countries. If the Group does not successfully identify clients or other 
business partners who are the target of sanctions or located in certain sanctioned countries, or otherwise 
pays remuneration, directly or indirectly, to such business partners, there is a risk that the Group will be 
subject to regulatory penalties, fines and reputational damage, which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s results of operations, reputation, business and prospects.  
The Group is exposed to risks relating to anti-trust violations. The security services industry in which the 
Group operates consists of markets that are highly exposed to competition, and the Group is subject to 
competition laws and regulations in several markets globally. Given the size and nature of the Group’s 
operations, the Group is dependent on its operatives and employees complying with applicable competition 
laws and regulations. For example, in 2022 the Group was fined EUR 10 million as a result of the Portuguese 
competition authority concluding that several Portuguese security companies, among them a Portuguese 
subsidiary of Securitas, have violated regulations for public tenders. The Group has carefully assessed the 
information and has appealed the Portuguese competition authority’s decision. Furthermore, the Group is 
aware that competition authorities are currently conducting investigations into the security sector in Belgium. 
Any anti-trust violations could have severe consequences for the Group, including significant administrative 
fines imposed by competition or regulatory authorities, as well as claims for damages being made by clients 
or third parties. Any regulatory actions taken may also limit the Group’s possibilities to conduct and expand 
its operations in certain countries, and thus presents a significant risk to the Group’s growth opportunities. 
There is also a risk that employees, business partners or other parties with which the Group is involved might 
not comply with its Values and Ethics Code, Business Partner Code of Conduct or the Group’s other policies 
or might otherwise operate or behave in an unethical manner. In addition, the measures taken by the Group 
may not be sufficient to reduce the risks that the nature of the Group’s operations entail. For example, 
following internal whistleblowing a few years ago the Group conducted an investigation in Argentina into 
potentially improper conduct through specialised external parties. The findings revealed that certain 
individuals had engaged in local business practices in violation of the Group’s Values and Ethics Code. The 
investigation indicated compliance issues, including conflicts of interest and irregular supplier and other 
business relationships. Disciplinary measures against these individuals, including terminations where 
appropriate, were taken. Ultimately, in 2023, the Argentinian business was divested from the Group. Unlawful 
or illicit actions or otherwise unethical behaviour by the Group’s operatives and employees in the past may 
thus pose a risk to the Group also in the future. If the Group is unable to successfully implement compliance 
policies and control procedures in the future, or if the Group were to experience incidents of local, country or 
regional managers not complying with all requirements in the jurisdictions in which it operates, this could have 
a significant negative impact on the Group’s brand, reputation, business and results. The use of AI could also 
pose a risk to the Group if it is not used in a compliant manner, resulting in fines or reputational damage. 
Legislation and other regulatory framework 
The Group’s business is directly and indirectly affected by legislation, regulations and special requirements 
from authorities and other entities, such as insurance companies and industry organisations. Certain parts of 
the Group’s business are subject to licensing. There is a risk that legislation, regulations and requirements 
issued by authorities and other applicable entities may change in the future and thus change the conditions 
for the Group’s business. New directives from the authorities may be issued with regards to requirements for 
specific practices, security solutions, and training and certification of staff. There is a risk that the Group does 
not manage to fulfil changed criteria for issuance of permits and authorisations. Such changed criteria may 
also lead to increased costs for the Group during a possible adjustment period to retain the required 
permissions, which could have a negative effect on the Group’s business and results. Non-compliance could 
also result in lower quality, lost income, delays, penalties, fines or reputational damage. There is also a risk 
that the Group may not be able to obtain required and adequate insurances for its operations, or that the cost 
of these insurances increases. The Group’s external insurance premiums are partly determined by the historic

--- Page 25 ---
17 
loss record, and an unfavourable loss record would contribute to higher premiums and a higher cost of risk. 
If the Group does not fulfil these different requirements, there is a risk that this could have an adverse effect 
on the Group’s business. 
Further, there is a risk that the Group’s tax situation may be adversely affected as a result of new tax 
regulations or changed evaluations of tax authorities. The Group is active in 44 jurisdictions throughout the 
world. The operations are conducted in accordance with the Group’s understanding and interpretation of 
applicable tax legislation, tax treaties and other tax law provisions. However, there is a risk that the Group’s 
understanding and interpretation of the aforementioned laws, tax treaties and other provisions is not correct 
in all respects. There is a risk that amended laws, tax treaties or other provisions, which may apply 
retroactively, may lead to increased tax expenses and a higher effective tax rate for the Group, which may in 
turn negatively affect its results and financial position. 
Risks related to intellectual property rights 
The Group’s intellectual property rights are a significant and valuable part of the Group’s business. Failure to 
obtain, renew or maintain protection for the Group’s intellectual property rights would have adverse 
consequences for the Group’s competitiveness, for example, if the Group is no longer able to use certain 
trademarks or if another actor sells low-quality products or services using any of the Group’s trademarks or 
otherwise misrepresents those trademarks. There is also a risk that trademarks and other intellectual property 
rights are limited in geographical scope. Furthermore, there is a risk that the intellectual property rights owned 
by the Group may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. A significant deterioration in the protection of 
intellectual property rights would weaken the Group’s competitive advantage with respect of its products, 
services and brands in the jurisdictions concerned. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that other parties may assert intellectual property rights covering certain of the 
Group’s trademarks or other intellectual property rights. There is also a risk that litigation and claims relating 
to, for example, product designs, trademarks or other intellectual property rights will be costly and take the 
focus of management and key employees away from the Group’s business activities. The Group may also 
be required to pay royalties in order to be able to continue using certain patents or trademarks in the event 
the Group infringes another party’s intellectual property rights. The Group also risks being required to pay 
significant damages or being subject to injunctions prohibiting the manufacture and sale of certain products 
or services, which would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s profit and financial position. 
The Group’s ability to adequately maintain, enforce and protect intellectual property rights in connection with 
acquisitions, including patents, trademarks, domain names and other intellectual property owned by the 
acquired company and which may be exclusively used or held for use in the operations, which may also 
include copyrights, rights in social media handles and accounts, trade secrets and other similar or equivalent 
intellectual property rights is a significant part of the integration of an acquired company and thus a valuable 
part of the Group’s operations after the acquisition. Failure to obtain, renew or maintain protection for the 
Group’s intellectual property rights could have a negative effect on the Group’s ability to conduct operations. 
Disputes and regulatory investigations 
The Group conducts its business globally in both well-developed countries and countries that are less 
politically stable. Accordingly, the Group may be subject to a number of different disputes and regulatory 
investigations in a number of various jurisdictions. Disputes may be based on claims from clients that the 
Group’s service are inadequate and fail to deliver the level of quality, security and reliability that the client has 
expected. There is also a risk that the Group faces disputes with third parties following delivery of its services, 
especially when the Group’s services are inadequate and fail to deliver the general level of quality, security 
and reliability expected. The operating landscape in the U.S. has witnessed a growing trend towards 
heightened litigation activities across various industries and sectors, resulting in an increased number of 
claims and increased amounts of disputes and settlements. In 2024, the Group’s business segment North 
America accounted for 40 per cent of the Group’s total sales. Hence, the increasingly litigious environment 
in the U.S. could have a negative impact on the Group’s business model, as the risk of litigation and increased 
costs may affect the type of contracts and clients the Group takes on, which in turn may affect the market 
share in the U.S. market and the business and results of the Group. Further, the Group has approximately

--- Page 26 ---
18 
341,000 employees and as such from time to time faces labour-related disputes with current or former 
employees in relation to various matters. Since the Group’s business is directly and indirectly affected by 
laws and regulations (see also “Legislation and other regulatory framework”), it is also subject to regulatory 
oversight which may lead to regulatory investigations. For example, the Group has become aware that the 
relevant competition authorities are conducting investigations into the security sector in Belgium. There is a 
risk that the outcome of one or more disputes and/or regulatory investigations may be unfavourable for the 
Group and have a negative effect on the Group in terms of liability for damages, fines and/or deteriorated 
reputation, which in turn may adversely affect the business and results of the Group.  
The financial, reputational and legal outcomes of material disputes are uncertain and presents a significant 
risk to Securitas, since a disadvantageous outcome of such disputes or investigations could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations or financial position. 
Financial risks 
Financing and liquidity risk 
The Group’s short-term liquidity is secured by maintaining a liquidity reserve (cash and bank deposits, short-
term investments and the unutilised portion of committed credit facilities), which according to the Group’s 
policy should correspond to a minimum of 5 per cent. of consolidated annual sales. As at 31 December 2023, 
the short-term liquidity reserve corresponded to 9 per cent. of the Group’s annual sales. Unforeseen cost 
increases and/or unforeseen income reductions may result in the Group’s liquidity reserve being insufficient, 
which could have significant consequences for the Group’s operations and results. 
The Group’s long-term financing risk is managed by ensuring that the level of long-term financing 
(shareholders’ equity, long-term committed loan facilities and long-term bond loans) at least matches the 
Group’s capital employed. As at 31 December 2023, long-term financing corresponded to 107 per cent. of 
the Group’s capital employed. If, due to adverse conditions on the financial markets, there are insufficient or 
only very expensive financial resources available, there is a risk that the Group will not be able to implement 
its strategy or acquisitions and other investments, which could have a negative effect on its growth and 
profitability. This includes, inter alia, possible bankruptcy of banks, adverse foreign exchange rate 
fluctuations, lack of financing options through banks, bonds or other sources of financing, and downgrading 
of the Group’s credit rating. For example, on 26 July 2022, Securitas AB was rated BBB- with stable outlook 
by S&P Global Ratings following the completion of the acquisition of STANLEY Security, and on 14 February 
2024, the rating of Securitas was upgraded to BBB with stable outlook. Notwithstanding the upgrade, there 
is a risk that potential future negatively revisions of the Group’s credit rating could negatively impact the 
Group’s ability to secure financing on favourable terms, which would have a material negative effect on the 
Group’s financial position and results. 
Credit and counterparty risk 
A large part of the Group’s sales is based on contracts with medium-sized and large clients, where the 
relationship is established and long-term. Disruptions to these relationships may negatively impact the 
stability of the payment flows that the Group is dependent on. Various deficiencies in the assessment of the 
creditworthiness of new clients may lead to services being rendered and products sold without any payment 
to the Group, if the client experiences problems with payments or withholds payments. The Group is also 
subject to credit exposure in relation to financial institutions, where the Group’s largest total exposure for all 
instrument types to any one institution amounted to SEK 1,910 million as at 31 December 2023. Disruptions 
and deficiencies as described above, or any counterparty’s failure to fulfil its payment obligations in relation 
to the Group, may have an adverse effect on the Group’s operations, financial position and results. 
Interest rate risk 
There is a risk that the Group’s net income is affected as a result of changes in the general interest rate level. 
The Group has obtained loan financing in mainly USD, EUR and SEK, with both fixed and floating interest 
rates. Other external financing requirements may occasionally arise, for example in connection with 
acquisitions. Interest rates are sensitive to numerous factors beyond the Group’s control, including

--- Page 27 ---
19 
government and central bank monetary policy and inflation in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. 
For example, in 2022 and 2023, inflation increased in many countries globally, leading to a significant 
increase in central bank interest rates after a period of low or negative rates. In 2024, however, the trend has 
reversed and inflation levels have fallen and central bank interest rates appear to have stabilised and/or 
decreased, but it cannot be ruled out that global interest rates will remain at higher levels for a prolonged 
period, or be increased again. As of 31 December 2023, a change of +/- 1 percentage point in the market 
interest rates for USD, EUR, GBP, SEK and the other currencies in which the Group’s liabilities are 
denominated would result in a net impact of SEK -288 million and SEK 288 million, respectively, on the 
Group’s income statement. The debt financing of the acquisition of STANLEY Security in 2022, and the 
subsequent refinancing of such agreements, has increased the impact of changes in market interest rates on 
the Group’s income statement. There is a risk that changes in market interest rates will have a negative effect 
on the Group’s assessments, financial position and results. In addition, changes in inflation rates may cause 
interest rates to change and consequently change the Group’s interest liabilities, which may have a negative 
effect on the Group’s financial position and results. 
Currency risk 
As a result of the Group having operations in different countries, with different currencies, the Group is 
exposed to currency risk. In addition, the Group is exposed to transaction risk, being the risk that the Group’s 
net income will be affected by changes in the value of commercial flows in foreign currencies due to fluctuating 
exchange rates. The Group is also exposed to translation risk, being the risk that the SEK value of foreign 
currency equity will fluctuate due to changes in foreign exchange rates. 
The Group’s capital employed as at 31 December 2023 was SEK 74,228 million. Capital employed is financed 
by loans in local currency and shareholders’ equity. This means that the Group, from a Group perspective, 
has shareholders’ equity in foreign currency that is exposed to changes in exchange rates. This exposure 
gives rise to a translation risk and consequently unfavourable changes in exchange rates could have a 
negative effect on the Group’s foreign net assets when translated into SEK. As at 31 December 2023, a 
change in the SEK exchange rate of +/-10 percentage points would have entailed a total capital employed of 
SEK 81,259 million and SEK 67,197 million, respectively. 
 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which might 
occur in relation to certain types of Exempt Notes: 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the relevant Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when the cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 28 ---
20 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the relevant Issuer has the right to effect such a 
conversion, this will affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, the Notes since the Issuer may 
be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to result in a lower overall cost of borrowing for the Issuer. If 
the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to 
the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be 
lower than the prevailing market rates on its Notes. 
 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, 
the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” and any discontinuance of “benchmarks” may adversely 
affect the value of Floating Rate Notes which reference EURIBOR or any other benchmark 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR, STIBOR and NIBOR), 
are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of 
these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or 
referencing such a “benchmark”. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, to 
be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities (as defined in defined in Article 3(1)(17) of the Benchmarks Regulation) of “benchmarks” 
of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”), among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the 
UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that 
are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent 
or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has 
amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions 
applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing 
provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 12 February 2021 (the “Amending Regulation”) and which has applied since 13 February 2021. The 
Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain 
benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the 
European Commission, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments. In addition, 
the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2025.  
In light of the Benchmarks Regulation, the UK Benchmarks Regulation and the Amending Regulation, and 
benchmark reform more generally, other benchmarks could be subject to similar announcements. This may 
cause EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR and other benchmarks to be administered differently, to perform 
differently than they did in the past, to be discontinued or there may be other consequences that cannot be 
predicted. Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of 
alternative reference rates, and as to potential changes to such benchmarks or their administration may 
adversely affect such benchmarks during the term of the relevant Notes (such as Floating Rate Notes), the 
return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities based on the same benchmark.

--- Page 29 ---
21 
Separately, the euro risk-free-rates working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high-level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendation on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates, and on 4 May 2023 published further 
guidance to supplement its earlier recommendations. 
There is also a risk that STIBOR and/or NIBOR will be discontinued (although no cessation date has been 
announced), or that alternative benchmark rates will dominate market practice, leading to uncertainties in 
relation to the interest rate payable in relation to the Notes. 
With respect to STIBOR, the SFBF assumed the administration of STIBOR in April 2020 and launched a 
comprehensive review of STIBOR. SFBF developed a revised calculation methodology and a new calculation 
system to accommodate the revised calculation methodology in an automated and controlled manner to 
safeguard the integrity and robustness of the benchmark, based on actual transactions from contributing 
panel banks in 2022. Any future changes of the calculation methodology could lead to uncertainties in relation 
to the interest rate payable in relation to the Notes.  
The Swedish Bankers Association also held a consultation on a possible recommendation for a STIBOR 
fallback rate, Swedish krona Short Term Rate (“SWESTR”) in 2021. The Central Bank of Sweden (Riksbank) 
also recommended the transition from STIBOR to SWESTR in 2021 and has implemented changes to 
SWESTR’s framework, taking effect from 23 September 2024, with the aim to facilitate and increase 
incentives for the transition. Should STIBOR for any other reason ceases to be calculated or administered 
and be replaced by SWESTR or another interest rate benchmark, there is a risk that such replacement is not 
made in an effective manner. 
With respect to NIBOR, the authority responsible for administering NIBOR began work on proposing the 
necessary changes to NIBOR for it to comply with the Benchmarks Regulation. In addition, the Norwegian 
Central Bank (“Norges Bank”) convened a working group to consider alternative reference rate(s) if NIBOR 
should not be available in the future.  
The Norwegian working group on alternative reference rates in September 2019 recommended a reformed 
version of Norwegian Overnight Weighted Average (“NOWA”) (which as of 1 January 2020 has been 
administered by the Norges Bank) as the alternative reference rate for NIBOR. In 2020, the working group 
published a consultation paper on fall back provisions and term and spread adjustments between NIBOR 
and NOWA upon a discontinuation of NIBOR. In December 2021, the working group published a guide on 
using NOWA in financial contracts and as a fallback solution. 
Separately, in December 2021, the decision to recognise NIBOR as a critical benchmark was implemented 
in Norwegian law. The Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway has verified that the NIBOR Panel Bank 
Code of Conduct complies with the Benchmarks Regulation. In May 2022, the NIBOR Oversight Committee 
finalised its second annual review of the NIBOR Framework, including the NIBOR methodology. The review 
has identified the need for amendments in some policy documents, in particular following the recognition of 
NIBOR as a critical benchmark according to the Benchmark Regulation. The current calculation methodology 
has been assessed as still being suitable for its intended purpose. 
These reforms (including the Benchmarks Regulation, the UK Benchmarks Regulation and the Amending 
Regulation, as applicable) could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a rate or index 
deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed 
in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”.  
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR or any 
other benchmark will continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR 
or any other such benchmark to perform differently than they have done in the past, and may have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. The potential elimination of EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR or any 
other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, could require an adjustment 
to the Conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes referencing such benchmark.

--- Page 30 ---
22 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may (without limitation) 
have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the 
“benchmark” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or 
otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a “benchmark”. 
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR or any other benchmark were discontinued or 
otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes which reference EURIBOR, STIBOR, 
NIBOR or such other benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions 
applicable to such Notes. This may have an adverse effect on the Floating Rate Notes. 
Depending on the manner in which EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR or such other benchmark is to be determined 
under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, this may in certain circumstances (i) be reliant upon the 
provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the relevant rate or rates at which reference banks 
were offered deposits which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time 
or may provide a different result than if EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR or such other benchmark had continued 
or continued to be administered in its previous form; or (ii) result in the effective application of a fixed rate 
based on the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR or such other 
benchmark was available. In circumstances where EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR or such other benchmark 
continues to be available but is administered differently or performs differently, this could result in adverse 
consequences for Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes), including a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the Pricing Supplement) as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of an issue of Floating Rate 
Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference 
to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where the relevant 
reference rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be 
available. 
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen 
Page is available, the Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Agent by reference 
to quotations from banks communicated to the Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates 
for the determination of the relevant Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to 
the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original 
Reference Rate was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the relevant Original Reference Rate, 
the availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the relevant Original 
Reference Rate is discontinued may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 4(b)(iii)(G)) (which, amongst other events, includes the 
permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate) occurs, the relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 4(b)(iii)(G)). After consulting with the 
Independent Adviser, the relevant Issuer shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Rate (each as defined in Condition 4(b)(iii)(G)) to be used in place of the relevant Original 
Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
will result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant Original Reference Rate performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant Original Reference Rate 
were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
relevant Issuer, the Conditions provide that the relevant Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent 
or approval of the Noteholders.

--- Page 31 ---
23 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the relevant Issuer, the Conditions also provide that 
an Adjustment Spread (as defined in Condition 4(b)(iii)(G)) may be determined by the relevant Issuer and 
applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and 
even if an Adjustment Spread is applied, such Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate 
economic prejudice to Noteholders. If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. The use of any Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) will still result in Notes linked to 
or referencing the relevant Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a 
lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the relevant Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in 
its current form. This may also in certain circumstances result in the application of a backward-looking, risk-
free overnight rate, whereas the relevant benchmark is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and 
includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. This could have a material adverse impact on the value 
or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
Where the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or is unable to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event 
occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest. 
Where the relevant Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or have failed to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, they will continue to attempt to 
appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest Determination Date 
and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply to the next succeeding and any subsequent 
Interest Periods, as necessary. 
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will result in Notes linked to or referencing 
the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than 
they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
could be determined. If the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, fail to determine 
a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate 
of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the relevant Floating Rate Notes, in 
effect, becoming fixed rate Notes. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or in the case of Exempted Notes, the 
Pricing Supplements) as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of an issue of Floating Rate 
Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Notes 
shall be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Where 
the Floating Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined 
by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. 
If the relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as 
applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of 
Interest that would be applicable, and may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes. 
In view of the foregoing, investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own 
assessment about the potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation, the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, the Amending Regulation or any of the international or national reforms and the possible 
application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Notes in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (“SONIA”) as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling 
LIBOR. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference 
rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward

--- Page 32 ---
24 
expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The market, or a significant part thereof, may 
adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions as applicable to 
Notes referencing a SONIA rate that are issued under this Programme. As SONIA is published and calculated 
by the Bank of England based on data received from other sources, the Issuers have no control over its 
determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that SONIA will not be discontinued or 
fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in SONIA-referenced 
Notes. If the manner in which SONIA is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the 
amount of interest payable on such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. 
The Issuers may in the future also issue Notes linked to or referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms 
of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA-linked/referenced Notes issued by them 
under the Programme. In addition, some issuers have issued notes linked to Compounded Daily SONIA (as 
defined in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)). The nascent development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest 
reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such 
markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA-referenced Notes issued under the 
Programme from time to time. 
Interest on Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA is only capable of being determined at the end 
of the relevant Observation Period, which will occur on (but exclude) such number of London Banking Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date as is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
(as the case may be). It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA to 
estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be 
unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT or other operational systems, any of which 
could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. In addition, in contrast to Notes referenced to other 
interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA become due and payable as a result 
of an Event of Default under Condition 9, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest 
Payment Date in accordance with Condition 6, the rate of interest payable for the final Interest Period in 
respect of such Notes will only be determined a number of London Banking Days prior to the date on which 
the Notes become due and payable (being the “Interest Determination Date”) and will not be reset thereafter. 
The terms of Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA provide that if the SONIA reference rate is 
not available or has not otherwise been published, the amount of interest payable on such Notes will be 
determined using the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) plus the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate. If these rate and spread calculation provisions of Notes which 
reference Compounded Daily SONIA become applicable, this could result in adverse consequences to the 
amount of interest payable on such Notes, which could adversely affect the return on, value of, and market 
for, such Notes. Further, there is no assurance that the characteristics of the Bank Rate and spread 
calculation will be similar to, or will produce the economic equivalent of, the SONIA reference rate upon which 
Compounded Daily SONIA is based. In addition, if the rate of interest on Notes which reference Compounded 
Daily SONIA cannot be determined using the Bank Rate, then the rate of interest will be that determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date, which would cause the rate of interest on such Notes to 
become fixed and could thereby adversely affect the return on, value of and market for such Notes. 
The manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the derivatives 
and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any potential inconsistencies between the 
adoption of SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing SONIA or Compounded Daily SONIA. 
Further, if Compounded Daily SONIA does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading 
price of such Notes linked to or referencing Compounded Daily SONIA may be lower than those of Notes 
linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all 
or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such 
Floating Rate Notes linked to or which reference a SONIA or Compounded Daily SONIA. 
 
Risks related to Sustainability-Linked Notes

--- Page 33 ---
25 
 
Risks relating to sustainability characteristics 
In February 2025, Securitas AB adopted a sustainability-linked finance framework to issue different types of 
sustainability-linked instruments, including bonds and loans (the “Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework”). 
As provided in the Conditions, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement for a Series of Notes may specify that the Notes will be issued as Sustainability-Linked 
Notes. In this case, an interest rate step-up or a payment of a premium amount will be triggered upon the 
occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event as selected and specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. A Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event 
may occur (i) if the Group fails to achieve a Sustainability Performance Target on the relevant Target 
Observation Date or (ii) if Securitas AB fails to publish the applicable Sustainability Performance Report or 
the Limited Assurance Report in accordance with the Conditions. 
Any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme may not satisfy an investor’s requirements or 
any future legal or quasi-legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. The 
Sustainability Performance Targets specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement for the relevant Series of Notes may be inconsistent with, or insufficient to 
satisfy, investors’ requirements or expectations. The Sustainability Performance Targets will be aimed at 
reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. The Group’s Sustainability Performance Targets are uniquely 
tailored to the Group’s business, operations and capabilities, and they do not easily lend themselves to 
benchmarking against similar sustainability performance targets of other issuers. 
In addition, the Sustainability-Linked Notes are not being marketed as “green bonds”, “social bonds” or 
“sustainable bonds” as the relevant net proceeds of the issue of any Sustainability-Linked Notes will be used 
for (i) the refinancing of existing indebtedness of the Group and (ii) general corporate purposes of the Group, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. Neither Securitas AB nor STI commits to allocating 
the relevant net proceeds specifically to projects or business activities meeting sustainability criteria, or any 
other limitations or requirements that may be associated with green bonds, social bonds or sustainability 
bonds in any particular market, except as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In this context, there may be adverse environmental, social and/or 
other impacts resulting from the Group’s efforts to achieve any Sustainability Performance Target or from the 
use of the net proceeds from the offering of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
There is currently neither a clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to 
what constitutes, a “sustainability-linked”, “ESG-linked” or an equivalently labelled financial instrument, and 
legislative and non-governmental developments in respect of sustainable finance are numerous and continue 
to evolve. As a result, the Sustainability-Linked Notes as investments may not respect, or may cease during 
the life of the Sustainability-Linked Notes to respect, certain requirements, whether legislation, taxonomies, 
standards, guidelines, or other investment criteria or guidelines. In particular, the Sustainability-Linked Notes 
may not qualify, or may cease during the life of the Sustainability-Linked Notes to qualify, for certain dedicated 
sustainability-linked bond, ESG-related securities or other equivalently-labelled indices that may be important 
for the Noteholders to comply with, whether by any present or future applicable laws or regulations or by any 
such Noteholder’s own by-laws or investment portfolio mandates. 
Furthermore, in the event that such Sustainability-Linked Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated green, environmental, sustainable or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market (whether or not regulated), such listing or admission may not satisfy, whether in whole 
or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. Additionally, the criteria for any 
such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another, and 
there is a risk that any such listing or admission to trading will not be obtained in respect of any such 
Sustainability-Linked Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will not be maintained 
during the life of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
Should any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme not meet the requirements or 
expectations of an individual Noteholder, this could require such Noteholder to dispose of the Sustainability-
Linked Notes at the then prevailing market price. If the Sustainability-Linked Notes generally fail to satisfy 
investors’ requirements or expectations, this may have a material negative effect on the market value and/or 
the liquidity of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
 
Risks relating to failure by the Group to meet the Sustainability Performance Targets

--- Page 34 ---
26 
There is a risk that the Group will not be successful in meeting the Sustainability Performance Targets as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
for any Sustainability-Linked Notes. In addition, the Group may in the future decide to discontinue the relevant 
Sustainability Performance Targets or otherwise to discontinue its current sustainability strategy as described 
in this Base Prospectus. Any failure to meet the Sustainability Performance Targets may occur due to a 
variety of factors, some of which are outside the Group’s control, such as the development of new 
technological solutions as well as political support for and investments in renewable energy.  
No Event of Default shall occur under the Sustainability-Linked Notes, nor will the relevant Issuer or, in the 
case of Notes issued by STI, the Guarantor, be required to repurchase or redeem such Notes if an interest 
rate step-up occurs or a premium amount becomes payable. 
Certain investors may have portfolio mandates that require them, or they may otherwise wish, to dispose of 
their Sustainability-Linked Notes upon the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event due to a failure 
by the Group to achieve any Sustainability Performance Target, even if the resulting interest rate step-up or 
payment of a premium amount has the effect of increasing the yield on the relevant Sustainability-Linked 
Notes. In addition, the Sustainability- Linked Notes may be excluded from any dedicated green, 
environmental, sustainable or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
and/or from any equivalently-labelled index which may have material consequences for the future trading 
prices of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or the liquidity of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
If the Group fails to achieve its Sustainability Performance Targets in relation to any Sustainability-Linked 
Notes, Securitas AB does not publish the Verification Assurance Certificate on or before the Notification 
Deadline, or the Verification Assurance Certificate contains a reservation about whether or not the 
Sustainability Performance Target has been achieved, this will give rise to an interest rate step-up or payment 
of a premium amount and thereby have a direct negative impact on the Group’s financial position. In addition 
to the economic impact, any failure by the Group to achieve its Sustainability Performance Targets could also 
harm the Group’s reputation, brand value and customer relations, which in turn could have a significant 
negative impact on the demand for the Group’s products and services and lead to revenue losses. This could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business prospects, financial condition and results of 
operations and thereby adversely impact the Group’s ability to meet its obligations under the Sustainability-
Linked Notes. 
 
Risks relating to costs of achieving Sustainability Performance Targets 
The Group may need to expend significant economic resources in order to achieve the Sustainability 
Performance Targets in relation to any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme and/or 
otherwise for purposes of pursuing the Group’s sustainability strategy as in force from time to time. If the 
capital expenditures are substantially higher than anticipated in order to achieve the Sustainability 
Performance Targets, the financial and competitive position of the Group may be negatively affected. 
 
Risks relating to change in standards and guidelines and recalculation 
The key performance indicators underlying the Sustainability Performance Targets of the Group are 
calculated in accordance with certain standards and guidelines, in particular the GHG Protocol Standard. 
These standards and guidelines may change over time and the Group will apply these as they may be 
amended and updated from time to time to calculate its key performance indicators. As a consequence, the 
way in which the Group calculates its key performance indicators may also change over time. Such change 
(in particular in the calculation methods) could lead to an increase or decrease of the performance of the 
Group in relation to any of its key performance indicators while still being able to satisfy the Sustainability 
Performance Targets and avoiding the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event and the payment 
to the Noteholders of an increased interest rate or premium amount. 
In addition, if (i) a significant change to the structure of the Group; (ii) a limited assurance exercise on (a) 
GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement); and/or (b) GHG 
Emissions (Scope 3) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement); (iii) a significant change in 
methodology in calculation of (a) GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) (where Sustainability Performance Target 
(SPT1) is specified in the applicable Final Terms); and/or (b) GHG Emissions (Scope 3) (where Sustainability 
Performance Target (SPT2) is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) that requires a recalculation of GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) (where

--- Page 35 ---
27 
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) and/or GHG Emissions (Scope 3) (where Sustainability 
Performance Target (SPT2) is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) for any reporting year (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any past 
reporting year); or (iv) a change in Securitas AB’s ability and autonomy to calculate any Sustainability 
Performance Target(s) and/or Sustainability Performance Baseline(s), including without limitation as a result 
of data accessibility, data quality, data error or a number of cumulative errors that together are significant; or 
where the use of a proxy may be required such as, but without limitation an extrapolation of earlier reported 
emissions if a supplier is not providing the figures in time occurs, it may give rise to a recalculation of the 
Sustainability Performance Baseline, a restatement of historical data and/or a recalculation of the 
Sustainability Performance Targets. Any such recalculation may be made unilaterally by Securitas AB without 
the prior consultation of the Noteholders, as further specified in the applicable Conditions. 
Any changes to the standards, guidelines or calculation methodology applicable to any Sustainability-Linked 
Notes may have a negative effect on the market value of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
 
Risks relating to third party opinions, reports, certification or validation 
In connection with the adoption of its Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework, Securitas AB has obtained 
an independent, ex-ante second party opinion from Sustainalytics regarding the Group’s Sustainability-Linked 
Finance Framework. In addition, Securitas AB intends to obtain a verification by a qualified external and 
independent reviewer with relevant expertise of its actual performance level against the key performance 
indicators underlying the Sustainability Performance Targets on an annual basis. The verification shall be 
conducted with limited assurance by the external reviewer. 
Second party opinion providers and providers of similar opinions, certifications and validations are not 
currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight and such opinions may vary amongst 
such providers as the methodologies used to provide such opinions may differ. There is a risk that any such 
opinions, certifications or validations may not be accurate or otherwise reliable, which may have a negative 
effect on the market value of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. In addition, if any such opinions, certifications 
or validations are withdrawn or attest that the Group is not complying in whole or in part with any matters to 
which such opinions, certifications or validations relate, this may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
 
Index Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes 
The Issuers may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index or formula, to 
changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or other factors 
(each, a “Relevant Factor”). In addition, the Issuers may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in one 
or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated. Potential 
investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains 
some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest 
payable likely will be magnified; and

--- Page 36 ---
28 
(i) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, 
the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each potential investor 
should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any Notes 
linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of 
other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate 
not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, 
which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Notes subject to early redemption 
Each of the Issuers has the option, if so provided in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, to 
redeem the Notes issued by it, under a call option, a make-whole call option or a clean-up call option, as 
provided in Condition 6. With respect to the Clean-Up Call Option, there is no obligation under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes for the relevant Issuer to inform investors if and when not less than 75 per cent. of 
the Notes of the same Series (including any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 15) have been 
redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the relevant Issuer and cancelled, and the relevant Issuer’s right 
to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise 
of the Clean-Up Call Option, the relevant Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus 
potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
In addition, each of the Issuers may redeem the Notes issued by it in whole but not in part, further to the 
occurrence of certain withholding tax events described in Condition 7. 
Any optional redemption feature where the relevant Issuer is given the right to redeem the Notes early might 
negatively affect the market value of such Notes. During any period when the relevant Issuer may elect to 
redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which 
they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. Furthermore, since the relevant 
Issuer may be expected to redeem the Notes when prevailing interest rates are relatively low, an investor 
might not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the return that 
would have been received on such Notes had they not been redeemed. 
As a consequence, the yield received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redeemed face 
amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a 
consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case 
would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies 
they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the 
redeemed Notes. 
All of the above may reduce the profits potential investors in the Notes may have expected in subscribing the 
Notes and could have significant impact on the Noteholders. 
Modification 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters 
affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including (i) those Noteholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give

--- Page 37 ---
29 
their consent electronically, and (ii) those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. To be 
bound in such a way could materially adversely affect the interests of (i) the Noteholders who did not attend 
and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their 
consent electronically and (ii) the Noteholders who voted in a matter contrary to the majority. In addition, the 
Conditions provide that the Paying Agents (as defined in the Conditions) shall be obliged to concur with the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (as defined in the Conditions) 
in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 4(b)(iii)(D) without the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders. 
Enforceability of judgments 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) has submitted to the jurisdiction of the courts of England 
in the Conditions, Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant. 
Absent any agreement, treaty or other instrument on mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments 
applicable in relation to the Notes and/or the Guarantee between the UK and Sweden as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, a final judgment in civil or commercial matters obtained in the courts of England, against 
each Issuer and/or the Guarantor in relation to the Notes and/or the Guarantee, which is enforceable in the 
UK, will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in Sweden and the Noteholders would be required 
to re-litigate in the courts of Sweden. However, if any Noteholder brings a new action in a competent court in 
Sweden, the final judgment rendered in an English court may be submitted to the Swedish court, but will only 
be regarded as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which it relates, and the Swedish court has full 
discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio. 
Change of law 
The Conditions are based on English law and administrative practice in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English 
law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. A change in law or regulatory requirement could affect 
the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes and could adversely impact the legal position of 
Noteholders and the market value and/or liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market. Furthermore, any 
change in either Issuer’s tax status (or that of other members of the Group) or taxation legislation or practice 
could affect the Issuers’ ability to provide returns to the Noteholders or alter post tax returns to the 
Noteholders. Commentaries in this Base Prospectus concerning the taxation of investors in the Notes are 
based on current tax law and practice in Sweden and Ireland, respectively, which is subject to change, 
possibly with retrospective effect. The taxation of an investment in either Issuer depends on the individual 
circumstances of investors.  
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds 
an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less 
than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant 
time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.

--- Page 38 ---
30 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of the material market risks, including risks related to the liquidity on the 
secondary market, exchange rates and exchange controls, interest rates, inflation, calculation of the return 
on Floating Rate Notes, price fluctuations in Zero Coupon Notes and credit ratings. 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, 
are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
In addition, Noteholders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions 
(which continue at the date of this Base Prospectus), whereby there is a general lack of liquidity in the 
secondary market for instruments similar to the Notes. Such lack of liquidity may result in investors suffering 
losses on the Notes in secondary re-sales even if there is no decline in the performance of the assets of the 
relevant Issuer. The Issuers cannot predict which of these circumstances will change and whether (if and 
when they do change) there will be a more liquid market for the Notes and instruments similar to the Notes 
at that time. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
Each Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and (if applicable) the Guarantor will make any 
payment under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
“Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest 
or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Inflation risk 
The value of future payments of interest and principal may be reduced as a result of inflation as the real rate 
of interest on an investment in the Notes will be reduced at rising inflation rates and may be negative if the 
inflation rate rises above the nominal rate of interest on the Notes.  
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate 
Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite 
yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be 
compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the terms and conditions of any 
Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market

--- Page 39 ---
31 
interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant 
lower interest rates then prevailing. 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds 
Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes 
than on the prices of Notes bearing fixed or floating rate interest because the discounted issue prices are 
substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses 
than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes 
are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuers or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other ratings. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EEA rating agency 
is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances).  
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such 
list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA and the regulations made under the EUWA (as 
amended, the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory 
purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit 
ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK-registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country 
credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation, in each case subject to (i) 
the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or 
suspended, and (ii) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country 
ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory 
purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency that rates the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK (as applicable) and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This 
may result in such regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any 
secondary market.

--- Page 40 ---
32 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and have been filed 
with the Central Bank shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the annual and sustainability report of Securitas AB for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2023 respectively, which include the auditor’s report and audited consolidated 
annual financial statements of Securitas AB for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2023 respectively, including the information set out at the following pages in particular 
(https://www.securitas.com/globalassets/com/files/annual-reports/eng/securitas_asr_2022_eng.pdf 
and https://www.securitas.com/globalassets/com/files/annual-reports/eng/securitas_ar2023_eng.pdf 
): 
Consolidated Financial Information 
31 December 
2022
31 December 
2023
Statement of income and statement of comprehensive 
income ..........................................................................  
Pages 60-61 
Pages 59-60
Statement of cash flow .................................................  
Pages 62-63 
Page 61
Balance Sheet ...............................................................  
Page 64 
Page 62
Statement of capital employed and financing ...............  
Page 65 
Page 63
Statement of changes in shareholders’ equity ..............  
Page 66 
Page 64
Notes and comments to the financial statements .........  
Pages 67-128 
Pages 65-125
Audit report ...................................................................  
Pages 130-134 
Pages 127-131
(b) 
the unaudited full year report of Securitas AB for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 (pages 
4-31 
inclusive) 
(https://www.securitas.com/globalassets/com/files/interim-
reports/2024/q4/q42024_eng_final-2.pdf). 
(c) 
the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” from the offering circulars relating to the 
Programme 
dated 
21 
February 
2018 
(pages 
50-76 
inclusive) 
(https://www.securitas.com/globalassets/com/files/investors-docs/emtn-programme-
offering/docs/euro-medium-term-note-offering-circular-2018.pdf), 18 June 2020 (pages 60-88 
inclusive) 
(https://www.securitas.com/globalassets/com/files/investors-docs/emtn-programme-
offering/docs/securitas_emtn_programme_2020_offering_circular.pdf), 9 April 2021 (pages 62-92 
inclusive) 
(https://www.securitas.com/globalassets/com/files/investors-docs/emtn-programme-
offering/docs/securitas_emtn_programme_update_2021_offering_circular.pdf), 15 November 2022 
(pages 68-99 inclusive) (https://www.securitas.com/globalassets/com/files/investors-docs/emtn-
programme-offering/docs/securitas_emtn_programme_2022_offering_circular.pdf) and 13 February 
2024 
(pages 
68-99 
inclusive) 
(https://www.securitas.com/globalassets/com/files/investors-
docs/emtn-programme-offering/docs/securitas_emtn_programme_2024_offering-_circular.pdf). 
The following documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus as and when they 
are published on the website specified below: 
(a) 
The future audited consolidated annual financial statements (including the notes thereto) of Securitas 
AB and the auditor’s reports thereon and the future unaudited interim consolidated financial 
statements (including the notes thereto) of Securitas AB, and, if applicable, the auditor’s review 
reports thereon. Each such document will be available for viewing on the following website: 
(https://www.securitas.com/en/investors/financial-reports-and-presentations/). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and the 
Guarantor and approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify 
or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified 
or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of this Base Prospectus and each of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) and can be

--- Page 41 ---
33 
obtained from the offices of the Issuers set out at the end of this Base Prospectus and from the principal 
offices of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent for the time being in Luxembourg. 
Any information contained in any part of the documents referred to herein which is not incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus is either deemed not relevant for an investor or is otherwise covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment 
of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
34 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to “applicable 
Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will, unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note (a “Temporary Global Note”) which will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for 
NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
against presentation of the Temporary Global Note (if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. 
person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification 
(based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (i) interests in a permanent global note (a “Permanent Global Note”) of the same Series or 
(ii) for definitive Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note 
will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange 
Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) 
of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without 
any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon 
either (i) not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to the Agent as described therein or 
(ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) 
an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has 
been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is 
available or (iii) the relevant Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not 
be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The relevant Issuer 
will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the

--- Page 43 ---
35 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, 
the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur 
not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and interest coupons 
relating to Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN 
SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain 
on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Agent shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated 
and form a single series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9. In such 
circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) 
has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in 
full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then from 
8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly 
against the relevant Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 11 February 
2025, executed by the relevant Issuer.

--- Page 44 ---
36 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not 
Exempt Notes issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97][the Insurance Distribution 
Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”)/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – [Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]3. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
 
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the issuer wishes to prohibit 
offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the issuer wishes to prohibit 
offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
3 If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: “The target market assessment 
indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk 
tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]”.

--- Page 45 ---
37 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]/[Consider any relevant amendments 
based on the determination for each issue of Notes]]4 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has 
determined and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes 
are [capital market products other than prescribed capital markets products][prescribed capital markets 
products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are [Specified][Excluded] Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]5 
[Date] 
SECURITAS AB (publ) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 635400TTYKE8EIWDS617 
and 
SECURITAS TREASURY IRELAND DESIGNATED ACTIVITY COMPANY 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 635400BJYMDVAXBPJ960 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[Guaranteed by Securitas AB (publ)] 
 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 11 February 2025[, as supplemented by the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus 
dated [date of supplement][ and [date of supplement],]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation as amended (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full 
information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) and during normal business 
hours at the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent in Luxembourg. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Offering Circulars dated [21 February 2018 / 18 June 2020 / 9 April 2021 / 15 
November 2022 / 13 February 2024]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus dated 11 February 2025[, as supplemented by the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus 
dated [date of supplement][ and [date of supplement],]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), including the Conditions which are 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus are available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin 
 
4 The reference to the UK MiFIR product governance legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are also not 
subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may 
be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are included. 
5 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms in the limited circumstances that the relevant Issuer needs to make a 
determination.

--- Page 46 ---
38 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) and during normal business hours at the registered office of the 
Issuer and from the specified office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent in Luxembourg. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from their date of issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be the higher of €125,000 and £100,000, or such an equivalent amount in any other currency.] 
1.
(i) 
 
Issuer: 
[Securitas 
AB 
(publ)/Securitas 
Treasury 
Ireland 
Designated Activity Company] 
 
(ii) 
 
[Guarantor: 
Securitas AB (publ)] 
2.
(i) 
 
Series Number: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
 
Tranche Number: 
[ 
] 
 
(iii) 
 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [ ] on [the Issue Date/the date that is 40 days after 
the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note 
for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 23 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [ ]]][Not Applicable] 
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ 
] 
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
 
Tranche: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
 
Series: 
[ 
] 
5.
Issue Price: 
[ 
] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6.
(i) 
 
Specified 
Denominations6: 
[ 
] 
(Note – where multiple denominations above [€100,000] 
or equivalent are being used the following sample 
wording should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].”) 
 
(ii) 
 
Calculation Amount (in 
relation to calculation of 
interest on Notes in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[ 
] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
 
6 Notes issued by each of Securitas AB and STI must have a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 47 ---
39 
7.
(i) 
 
Issue Date: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8.
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes, Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year]] 
(N.B. Notes issued by STI which have a maturity of less 
than one year from the date of their issue must bear the 
following legend on page 1 of the Final Terms: 
“The Notes constitute Commercial Paper for the 
purposes of Notice BSD C 01/02 issued by the Central 
Bank of Ireland (the ”Notice“). The Notes are issued in 
accordance with one of the exemptions from the 
requirement to hold a banking licence provided by the 
Notice pursuant to section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act 
1971 of Ireland, inserted by section 31 of the Central 
Bank Act 1989 of Ireland, as amended by section 70(d) 
of the Central Bank Act 1997 of Ireland. The Notes do 
not have the status of a bank deposit and are not within 
the scope of the Deposit Protection Scheme operated by 
the Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuer is not regulated 
by the Central Bank of Ireland as a result of the issuance 
of the Notes.” 
Any such Notes must be issued and transferable in a 
minimum amount of €125,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies).) 
9.
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate][, subject to the [Sustainability-
Linked Step Up Margin] [ and ][Step Up Rating Change 
and/or Step Down Rating Change] 
[[[ 
] 
month 
EURIBOR/Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA/STIBOR/NIBOR] +/-  
[ ] per cent. Floating Rate][, subject to the [Sustainability-
Linked Step Up Margin][ and ][Step Up Rating Change 
and/or Step Down Rating Change] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal amount 
11.
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify any change from one Interest Basis to another 
and the date on which any such change occurs, or cross 
reference to paragraphs 13 and/or 14 and/or 15 below 
and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12.
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-Up Call]

--- Page 48 ---
40 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date[, subject to the 
[Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin][ and ][Step 
Up Rating Change and/or Step Down Rating 
Change] 
 
(ii) 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ 
] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
(NB: Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
 
(iii) 
 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation 
to Notes in global form, see 
Conditions): 
[[ 
] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ 
]] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(vi) 
 
[Determination Date(s): 
[ 
] in each year]  
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon.) 
 
 
(vii) 
 
Step 
Up 
Rating 
Change 
and/or Step Down Rating 
Change: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
 
Rating Step Up Margin: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
14.
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ 
][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (ii) below/, 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (ii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]

--- Page 49 ---
41 
 
(iii) 
 
Additional Business Centre(s):
[ 
] 
 
(iv) 
 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(v) 
 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[ 
] 
 
(vi) 
 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
- Reference Rate, Relevant 
Financial 
Centre 
and 
Specified Time: 
[ 
] month [EURIBOR/Compounded Daily 
SONIA/STIBOR/NIBOR]  
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo] 
Specified Time: [11.00 a.m./12.00 p.m.] 
(Specified Time will be 11.00 a.m., except in respect 
of NIBOR where it will be 12.00 p.m.) 
 
 
- 
Interest 
Determination 
Dates: 
[ 
] 
(The first day of each Interest Period if SONIA, the 
second day on which the T2 is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, the second day 
on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in Stockholm prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if STIBOR and the 
second day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Oslo 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if NIBOR) 
 
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[ 
] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Look-back 
Period: 
[ 
] 
 
(vii) 
 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[ 
] 
 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[ 
] 
 
 
- Reset Date: 
[ 
] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period)

--- Page 50 ---
42 
 
(viii) 
 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(ix) 
 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ 
] per cent. per annum[, subject to the  Step 
Up Rating Change and/or Step Down Rating 
Change] 
 
(x) 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(See Condition 4 for alternatives) 
 
(xiii) 
 
Step 
Up 
Rating 
Change 
and/or Step Down Rating 
Change: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
 
Rating Step Up Margin: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
15.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
 
Accrual Yield: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
 
Reference Price: 
[ 
] 
 
(iii) 
 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption 
Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
16.
Sustainability-Linked Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event: 
[Applicable – Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event 
(Interest)/Applicable – Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event (Premium)/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Sustainability Performance 
Target (SPT1): 
[Reduction of GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) of [•] 
per cent. from the Sustainability Performance 
Baseline (SPT1) /Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) 
Sustainability Performance 
Target (SPT2): 
[Reduction of GHG Emissions (Scope 3) of [•] per 
cent. from the Sustainability Performance Baseline 
(SPT2) /Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) 
Target Observation Date: 
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1): [31 
December 2030/31 December [●]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 51 ---
43 
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2): [31 
December 2030/31 December [●]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Notification Deadline: 
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1): [[●] /Not 
Applicable] 
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2): [[●] /Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Sustainability-Linked 
Reference Date (SPT1): 
[The first day of the Interest Period following the 
Interest Period in which the Target Observation Date 
falls/[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vii) 
Sustainability-Linked 
Reference Date (SPT2): 
[The first day of the Interest Period following the 
Interest Period in which the Target Observation Date 
falls/[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(viii) 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up 
Margin (SPT1): 
[●] per cent. per annum (Only applicable if paragraph 
16(i) 
is 
applicable, 
specifies 
Sustainability 
Performance 
Target 
(SPT1) 
and 
specifies 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest), and if 
paragraph 16(i) is not applicable or does not specify 
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) and 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest), this 
can be deleted) 
 
 
(ix) 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up 
Margin (SPT2): 
[●] per cent. per annum (Only applicable if paragraph 
16(i) 
is 
applicable, 
specifies 
Sustainability 
Performance 
Target 
(SPT2) 
and 
specifies 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest), and if 
paragraph 16(i) is not applicable or does not specify 
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) and 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest), this 
can be deleted) 
 
 
(x) 
Sustainability-Linked 
Premium Amount (SPT1): 
[●] per Calculation Amount (Only applicable if 
paragraph 16(i) is applicable, specifies Sustainability 
Performance 
Target 
(SPT1) 
and 
specifies 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium), and 
if paragraph 16(i) is not applicable or does not 
specify Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) 
and Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium), 
this can be deleted) 
 
 
(xi) 
Sustainability-Linked 
Premium Amount (SPT2): 
[●] per Calculation Amount (Only applicable if 
paragraph 16(i) is applicable, specifies Sustainability 
Performance 
Target 
(SPT2) 
and 
specifies 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium), and 
if paragraph 16(i) is not applicable or does not 
specify Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) 
and Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium), 
this can be deleted) 
 
 
(xii) 
Sustainability-Linked 
Premium Payment Date: 
[[●]] (Only applicable if paragraph 16(i) is applicable 
and specifies Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event 
(Premium), and if paragraph 16(i) is not applicable or 
does not specify Sustainability- Linked Trigger Event 
(Premium), this can be deleted)

--- Page 52 ---
44 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17.
Notice periods for Condition 6(b): 
Minimum period: [ 
] days 
Maximum period: [ 
] days 
18.
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ 
] 
 
- 
Par 
Redemption 
Date: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[[ 
] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Sterling)]/[Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount (Non-Sterling)]/[Par Redemption 
Amount] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Bond: 
[ 
] 
 
(iv) 
Redemption Margin: 
[ 
] 
 
(v) 
Quotation Time: 
[ 
] 
 
(vi) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Not Applicable - the Notes are not redeemable in part] 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [ 
] days 
Maximum period: [ 
] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
 
 
(viii) 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
19.
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ 
] per Calculation Amount] (NB: If the Optional 
Redemption Amount is other than a specified amount

--- Page 53 ---
45 
per Calculation Amount, the Notes will need to be 
Exempt Notes) 
 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [ 
] days  
Maximum period: [ 
] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
20.
Final Redemption Amount: 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
21.
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
22.
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default [or under the Clean-Up 
Call Option]: 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23.
(i) 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
 
[Form:] 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for definitive Notes 
[on 60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event] (N.B: this option may only be used 
where “TEFRA not applicable” has been specified 
below.)] 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.7] 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options or 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date option should not 
be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes 
language 
substantially 
to 
the 
following 
effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000].” Furthermore, 
such Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is to be 
 
7 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 54 ---
46 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
24.
 
Date [board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[date] 
25.
 
Additional Financial Centre(s) 
or other special provisions 
relating to Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment 
and not the end dates of Interest Periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to which 
sub-paragraph 13(iii) relates) 
26.
 
Talons for future Coupons to 
be 
attached 
to 
definitive 
Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No.] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION  
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer [and the Guarantor] 
confirm[s] that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as [it is/they are] aware and 
[is/are] able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of [Securitas AB (publ) / Securitas Treasury Ireland Designated Activity Company]: 
By:  
 .............................................................   
Duly authorised

--- Page 55 ---
47 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and listed on the 
[Official List of Euronext Dublin] with effect from [ ].] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original securities are already admitted to trading)* 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[ 
] 
2.
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to 
be] rated as follows:] 
[S&P: [  
]] [Moody’s Investors Service Limited: [
 
]] [Fitch Ratings Limited: [ 
]] 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated.] 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
Option 1: CRA is (i) established in the EU, and (ii) 
registered under the CRA Regulation: 
[Insert name of rating agency providing rating] is 
established in the EU and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”). 
Option 2: CRA is (i) established in the EU, (ii) not 
registered under the CRA Regulation; but (iii) has 
applied for registration: 
[Insert name of rating agency providing rating] is 
established in the EU and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “CRA Regulation”), although notification of the 
registration decision has not yet been provided. 
Option 3: CRA is not established in the EU but the 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is 
established and registered under the CRA Regulation: 
[Insert name of rating agency providing rating] is not 
established in the EU but the rating it has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [insert name of registered rating 
agency], which is established in the EU and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “CRA Regulation”). 
Option 4: CRA is not established in the EU and the 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA

--- Page 56 ---
48 
Regulation, but the CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation: 
[Insert name of rating agency providing rating] is not 
established in the EU but is certified under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”). 
Option 5: CRA is neither established in the EU nor 
certified under the CRA Regulation and the relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the CRA Regulation: 
[Insert name of rating agency providing rating] is not 
established in the EU and is not certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
“CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.] 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
(if previously published by the CRA, include a brief 
explanation of the meaning of the rating) 
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for the fees [of [insert fee disclosure]] payable to [ ] the ([“Managers”]/[“Dealers”]), so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and [its/their respective] affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
- Amend as appropriate if there are other interests][Not Applicable] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4.
REASON FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds: [General corporate purposes.] 
Estimated net proceeds: [ ] 
[Estimated total expenses related to the offer: [ ]] 
5.
YIELD (Fixed rate notes only) 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ 
] 
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ 
]

--- Page 57 ---
49 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[ 
]/Not Applicable] [, as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (“ANNA”) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN] 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[ 
]/Not Applicable] [, as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (“ANNA”) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN] 
(if the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”) 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[ 
] 
 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosytem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7.
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names
 
of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[ 
]

--- Page 58 ---
50 
 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. 
S 
Compliance 
Category 
2; 
TEFRA 
D 
Rules/TEFRA C Rules/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no “key 
information document” will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified) 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no “key 
information document” will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified) 
 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
8.
Benchmarks Regulation 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]. As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears]/[does 
not 
appear] 
in 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [administrator 
legal name] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 59 ---
51 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97][the Insurance Distribution 
Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”)/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – [Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]3. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
 
1 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the issuer wishes 
to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the issuer wishes 
to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
3 If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: “The target market assessment 
indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk 
tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested].”.

--- Page 60 ---
52 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]/[Consider any relevant amendments 
based on the determination for each issue of Notes]]4 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has 
determined and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes 
are [capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] [prescribed capital markets 
products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are [Specified][Excluded] Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]5 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129, AS 
AMENDED OR SUPERSEDED FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
[Date] 
SECURITAS AB (publ) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 635400TTYKE8EIWDS617 
and 
SECURITAS TREASURY IRELAND DESIGNATED ACTIVITY COMPANY 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 635400BJYMDVAXBPJ960 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[Guaranteed by Securitas AB (publ)] 
 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, 
in relation to such offer. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 11 February 2025[, as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] dated [date[s]]] (the “Base Prospectus”). Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and 
the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the 
Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) and during normal business hours at the registered office of the 
Issuer and from the specified office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent in Luxembourg. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Offering Circular [dated [21 February 2018 / 18 June 2020 / 9 April 2021 / 15 
November 2022 / 13 February 2024] which is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus]6. Any 
reference in the Conditions to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to “applicable 
Pricing Supplement”, where relevant. 
 
4 The reference to the UK MiFIR product governance legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are also not 
subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may 
be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are included. 
5 Legend to be included on the front of the Pricing Supplement in the limited circumstances that the relevant Issuer needs to make a 
determination. 
6 Only include this language for a fungible issue where the original tranche was issued under an Offering Circular with a different date.

--- Page 61 ---
53 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
[must/may] need to be the higher of €125,000 and £100,000, or such an equivalent amount in any other 
currency.] 
 
1.
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Securitas 
AB 
(publ)/Securitas 
Treasury 
Ireland 
Designated Activity Company] 
 
(ii) 
[Guarantor: 
Securitas AB (publ)] 
2.
(i) 
Series Number: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[ 
] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the 
date that is 40 days after the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 25 below, which 
is expected to occur on or about [date]]][Not Applicable] 
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ 
] 
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Tranche: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Series: 
[ 
] 
5.
Issue Price: 
[ 
] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date]] (if applicable) 
6.
(i) 
Specified Denominations7: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(in 
relation 
to 
calculation 
of 
interest on Notes in global 
form see Conditions): 
[ 
] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
If 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. Note: 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.) 
7.
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8.
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes, Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year]] 
 
7 Notes issued by STI must have a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 62 ---
54 
(N.B. Notes issued by STI which have a maturity of less 
than one year from the date of their issue must bear the 
following legend on page 1 of the Pricing Supplement: 
“The Notes constitute Commercial Paper for the 
purposes of Notice BSD C 01/02 issued by the Central 
Bank of Ireland (the ”Notice“). The Notes are issued in 
accordance with one of the exemptions from the 
requirement to hold a banking licence provided by the 
Notice pursuant to section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act 
1971 of Ireland, inserted by section 31 of the Central 
Bank Act 1989 of Ireland, as amended by section 70(d) 
of the Central Bank Act 1997 of Ireland. The Notes do 
not have the status of a bank deposit and are not within 
the scope of the Deposit Protection Scheme operated by 
the Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuer is not regulated 
by the Central Bank of Ireland as a result of the issuance 
of the Notes.” 
Any such Notes must be issued and transferable in a 
minimum amount of €125,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies).) 
9.
Interest Basis: 
[[ 
] per cent. Fixed Rate][, subject to the 
[Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin][ and ][Step Up 
Rating Change and/or Step Down Rating Change] 
[[specify Reference 
Rate] 
+/- [ 
] 
per 
cent. 
Floating Rate][, subject to the [Sustainability-Linked 
Step Up Margin][ and ][Step Up Rating Change and/or 
Step Down Rating Change] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Index Linked Interest] 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
[specify other] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
[specify other] 
11.
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes into 
another Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment Basis, or 
cross reference to paragraphs 13 and/or 14 and/or 15 
below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12.
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-Up Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date[, subject to the 
[Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin][ and

--- Page 63 ---
55 
][Step Up Rating Change and/or Step Down 
Rating Change] 
 
(ii) 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ 
] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
 
(iii) 
 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and 
in relation to Notes in global 
form see Conditions): 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global 
form see Conditions): 
[[ 
] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [
 
]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / specify other] 
 
(vi) 
 
[Determination Date(s): 
[ 
] in each year]  
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon.) 
 
(vii) 
 
Step Up Rating Change 
and/or Step Down Rating 
Change: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
 
Rating Step Up Margin: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
 
Other terms relating to the 
method 
of 
calculating 
interest for Fixed Rate Notes 
which are Exempt Notes: 
[None/Give details] 
14.
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[ 
] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (ii) 
below/, not subject to adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (ii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/[specify other]][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[ 
]

--- Page 64 ---
56 
 
(iv) 
 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
 
(v) 
 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[ 
] 
 
(vi) 
 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
- Reference Rate, Relevant 
Financial 
Centre 
and 
Specified Time: 
Reference Rate: [ 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA
/STIBOR/NIBOR]. 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo] 
Specified Time: [11.00 a.m./12.00 p.m.] 
(Specified Time will be 11.00 a.m., except in 
respect of NIBOR where it will be 12.00 p.m.) 
 
 
- 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[ 
] 
(The first day of each Interest Period if SONIA, 
the second day on which the T2 is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, the 
second day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign 
exchange 
and 
foreign 
currency 
deposits) in Stockholm prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if STIBOR and the second day 
on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Oslo prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
NIBOR) 
 
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[ 
] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Look-back 
Period: 
[ 
] 
 
(vii) 
 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[ 
] 
 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[ 
] 
 
 
- Reset Date: 
[ 
] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the 
first date of the Interest Period) 
 
(viii) 
 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)]

--- Page 65 ---
57 
 
(ix) 
 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ 
] per cent. per annum [subject to the 
Step Up Rating Change and/or Step Down 
Rating Change] 
 
(x) 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Other] 
(See Condition 4 for options) 
 
(xiii) 
 
Step Up Rating Change 
and/or Step Down Rating 
Change: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
 
Rating Step Up Margin: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
 
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding provisions and any 
other terms relating to the 
method 
of 
calculating 
interest on Floating Rate 
Notes which are Exempt 
Notes, if different from those 
set out in the Conditions: 
[ 
] 
15.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
 
Accrual Yield: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
 
Reference Price: 
[ 
] 
 
(iii) 
 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable 
for 
Zero 
Coupon 
Notes 
which are Exempt Notes: 
[ 
] 
 
(iv) 
 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation to Early Redemption 
Amounts: 
[30/360]  
[Actual/360]  
[Actual/365] 
16.
Sustainability-Linked Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event: 
[Applicable – Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event (Interest)/Applicable – Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event (Premium)/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 66 ---
58 
 
(ii) 
Sustainability Performance 
Target (SPT1): 
[Reduction of GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) 
of [•] per cent. from the Sustainability 
Performance Baseline (SPT1) /Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Sustainability Performance 
Target (SPT2): 
[Reduction of GHG Emissions (Scope 3) of [•] 
per cent. from the Sustainability Performance 
Baseline (SPT2) /Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Target Observation Date: 
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1): [31 
December 
2030/31 
December 
[●]/Not 
Applicable] 
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2): [31 
December 2030/31 December [●]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Notification Deadline: 
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1): [[●] 
/Not Applicable] 
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2): [[●] 
/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Sustainability-Linked 
Reference Date (SPT1): 
[The first day of the Interest Period following 
the Interest Period in which the Target 
Observation Date falls/[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Sustainability-Linked 
Reference Date (SPT2): 
[The first day of the Interest Period following 
the Interest Period in which the Target 
Observation Date falls/[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Sustainability-Linked Step 
Up Margin (SPT1): 
[●] per cent. per annum (Only applicable if 
paragraph 16(i) is applicable, specifies 
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) and 
specifies Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event 
(Interest), and if paragraph 16(i) is not 
applicable or does not specify Sustainability 
Performance Target (SPT1) and Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event (Interest), this can be 
deleted) 
 
(ix) 
Sustainability-Linked Step 
Up Margin (SPT2): 
[●] per cent. per annum (Only applicable if 
paragraph 16(i) is applicable, specifies 
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) and 
specifies Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event 
(Interest), and if paragraph 16(i) is not 
applicable or does not specify Sustainability 
Performance Target (SPT1) and Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event (Interest), this can be 
deleted) 
 
(x) 
Sustainability-Linked 
Premium Amount (SPT1): 
[●] per Calculation Amount (Only applicable if 
paragraph 16(i) is applicable, specifies 
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) and 
specifies Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event 
(Premium), and if paragraph 16(i) is not 
applicable or does not specify Sustainability 
Performance Target (SPT1) and Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event (Premium), this can be 
deleted)

--- Page 67 ---
59 
 
(xi) 
Sustainability-Linked 
Premium Amount (SPT2): 
[●] per Calculation Amount (Only applicable if 
paragraph 16(i) is applicable, specifies 
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) and 
specifies Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event 
(Premium), and if paragraph 16(i) is not 
applicable or does not specify Sustainability 
Performance Target (SPT1) and Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event (Premium), this can be 
deleted) 
 
(xii) 
Sustainability-Linked 
Premium Payment Date: 
[●] (Only applicable if paragraph 16(i) is 
applicable and specifies Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event (Premium), and if paragraph 
16(i) is not applicable or does not specify 
Sustainability- Linked Trigger Event (Premium), 
this can be deleted) 
17.
Index Linked Interest Note 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
 
Index/Formula: 
[give or annex details] 
 
(ii) 
 
Calculation Agent 
[give name] 
 
(iii) 
 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation 
Agent) 
and 
Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[ 
] 
 
(iv) 
 
Provisions for determining 
Coupon where calculation by 
reference to Index and/or 
Formula is impossible or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions] 
 
(v) 
 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[ 
] 
 
(vi) 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ 
Preceding
 
Business 
Day 
Convention/specify other] 
 
(vii) 
 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[ 
] 
 
(viii) 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
18.
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 68 ---
60 
 
(i) 
 
Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of 
Exchange: 
[give or annex details] 
 
(ii) 
 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating 
the 
principal 
and/or interest due (if not the 
Agent): 
[ 
] 
 
(iii) 
 
Provisions applicable where 
calculation by reference to 
Rate 
of 
Exchange 
impossible or impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions] 
 
(iv) 
 
Person at whose option 
Specified 
Currency(ies) 
is/are payable: 
[ 
] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19.
Notice Periods for Condition 6(b): 
Minimum period: [ 
] days 
Maximum period: [ 
] days 
20.
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ 
] 
 
 
- 
Par Redemption 
Date: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[ 
] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Sterling)]/[Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount (Non-Sterling)]/[Par Redemption 
Amount] 
 
(iii) 
 
Reference Bond: 
[ 
] 
 
(iv) 
 
Redemption Margin: 
[ 
] 
 
(v) 
 
Quotation Time: 
[ 
] 
 
(vi) 
 
If redeemable in part: 
[Not Applicable – the Notes are not redeemable in part] 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vii) 
 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [ 
] days 
Maximum period: [ 
] days

--- Page 69 ---
61 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days’ notice for a call and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent)) 
 
(viii) 
 
Option period: 
[ 
] 
 
(ix) 
 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
21.
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[ 
] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
 
(iii) 
 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [ 
] days 
Maximum period: [ 
] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
 
(iv) 
 
Option period: 
[ 
] 
22.
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23.
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[ 
] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
24.
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
event of default [or under the Clean-Up 
Call Option] and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required): 
[[ 
] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25.
Form of Notes 
 
 
(i) 
 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
[on 60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date]

--- Page 70 ---
62 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event] (N.B.: this option may only be used 
where “TEFRA not applicable” has been specified 
below.)] 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium 
except to a clearing system, a depositary or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgium Law of 14 
December 2005] 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options or 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date option should not 
be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes 
language 
substantially 
to 
the 
following 
effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000].” Furthermore, 
such Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
(ii) 
 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
26.
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment 
and not the end dates of Interest Period for the purposes 
of calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraphs 13(iii) and 15(vii) relate) 
27.
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No] 
28.
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer[ and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing 
Supplement. [Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer[ and the 
Guarantor] confirm[s] that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as [it is/they are] 
aware and [is/are] able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of [Securitas AB (publ) / Securitas Treasury Ireland Designated Activity Company]: 
By:  
 .............................................................   
Duly authorised

--- Page 71 ---
63 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1.
LISTING: 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed 
on [specify market - note this must not be a regulated 
market] with effect from [ 
].][Not Applicable] 
2.
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to 
be] rated as follows:] 
[S&P: [  
]] [Moody’s Investors Service Limited: [
 
]] [Fitch Ratings Limited: [ 
]] 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated.] 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
Option 1: CRA is (i) established in the EU, and (ii) 
registered under the CRA Regulation: 
[Insert name of rating agency providing rating] is 
established in the EU and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”). 
Option 2: CRA is (i) established in the EU, (ii) not 
registered under the CRA Regulation; but (iii) has 
applied for registration: 
[Insert name of rating agency providing rating] is 
established in the EU and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “CRA Regulation”), although notification of the 
registration decision has not yet been provided. 
Option 3: CRA is not established in the EU but the 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is 
established and registered under the CRA Regulation: 
[Insert name of rating agency providing rating] is not 
established in the EU but the rating it has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [insert name of registered rating 
agency], which is established in the EU and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “CRA Regulation”). 
Option 4: CRA is not established in the EU and the 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA 
Regulation, but the CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation: 
[Insert name of rating agency providing rating] is not 
established in the EU but is certified under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”).

--- Page 72 ---
64 
Option 5: CRA is neither established in the EU nor 
certified under the CRA Regulation and the relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the CRA Regulation: 
[Insert name of rating agency providing rating] is not 
established in the EU and is not certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
“CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.] 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
(if previously published by the CRA, include a brief 
explanation of the meaning of the rating) 
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for the fees [of [insert fee disclosure]] payable to [ ] (the [“Managers”/“Dealers”]), so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and [its/their respective] affiliates in the ordinary course of business 
N.B. Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4.
REASON FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds: [General corporate purposes.] 
Estimated net proceeds: [ ] 
[Estimated total expenses related to the offer: [ ]] 
5.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ 
] 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[ 
]/Not Applicable] [, as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (“ANNA”) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN] 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[ 
]/Not Applicable] [, as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (“ANNA”) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN] 
(if the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”)

--- Page 73 ---
65 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[ 
] 
 
(viii) 
[Intended to be held in manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosytem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
6.
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names
 
of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. 
S 
Compliance 
Category 
2; 
TEFRA 
D 
Rules/TEFRA C Rules/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no “key 
information document” will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified)

--- Page 74 ---
66 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no “key 
information document” will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified) 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
7.
Benchmarks Regulation 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]. As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears]/[does 
not 
appear] 
in 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [administrator 
legal name] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 75 ---
67 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the rules of the 
relevant stock exchange (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following 
Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be 
made to “Form of the Notes” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such 
terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Securitas AB (publ) (“Securitas AB” or the 
“Guarantor”) or Securitas Treasury Ireland Designated Activity Company (“STI”) pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement (as defined below). References to the Issuer shall mean the relevant issuer named in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (the “Issuer”, and Securitas AB and STI together, the “Issuers”). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; and 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency 
Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the “Agency Agreement”) dated 11 February 2025, and made between the Issuers, BNP Paribas, 
Luxembourg Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the “Agent”, which expression 
shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agent named therein (together with the Agent, the 
“Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, in the case of Notes, which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
(“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons 
attached on issue. 
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which completes these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) or if 
this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the 
EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (an 
“Exempt Note”), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) of such Exempt Note are set out in Part A 
of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified 
or to the extent inconsistent with these Terms and Conditions, replace or modify these Terms and Conditions 
for the purposes of this Note. References to the “applicable Final Terms” are unless otherwise stated to Part 
A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to, or endorsed on, this Note. Any reference 
in this section to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to “applicable Pricing 
Supplement” where relevant. 
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference 
herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have the same terms

--- Page 76 ---
68 
and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of 
the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 
11 February 2025 and made by the Issuers and the Deed of Guarantee (the “Guarantee”) dated 11 February 
2025 and executed by the Guarantor. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary 
or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the specified office of the Agent. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. If 
this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder 
holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the 
relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders 
are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, 
the Guarantee (only where Notes are issued by STI), the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms 
which are applicable to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are 
subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and 
the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the 
“Specified Currency”) and the denominations (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero 
Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon 
Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, a Dual Currency 
Redemption Note or a combination of the foregoing, depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuers, the Guarantor 
and the Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership 
or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global 
Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
(“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of 
such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in 
the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the Paying Agents

--- Page 77 ---
69 
as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment 
of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant 
Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and any Paying Agent as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global 
Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions 
of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for 
certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
The Issuer may use on any of the Notes the facsimile signature of any person who is a director of the Issuer 
on the date such signature is affixed notwithstanding the fact that when such Notes shall be delivered such 
person may have ceased to be a director. 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee 
This Condition 2(b) is applicable only in relation to Notes issued by STI. The obligations of the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and shall at all times rank pari passu among themselves 
and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time to time outstanding. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
(a) 
Issuer’s Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer will ensure 
that no Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (as defined below) 
will be secured by any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a “Security Interest”) 
upon, or with respect to, any of the present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including 
any uncalled capital) of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries unless the Issuer shall, in the case of the creation 
of the Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, take any and all action 
necessary to ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes and the Coupons are secured by the Security Interest 
equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a Security 
Interest) is provided as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (which is defined in the 
Agency Agreement as a resolution duly passed by a majority of not less than three-fourths of the 
votes cast) of the Noteholders; 
EXCEPT THAT the foregoing provision shall not apply to any Security Interest (i) arising by operation of law 
or (ii) created by an entity which becomes a Subsidiary of the Issuer after the date of the creation of such 
Security Interest, which Security Interest was not created in connection with or in contemplation of such entity 
becoming a Subsidiary of the Issuer and does not extend to or cover any assets of the Issuer or any of its 
other Subsidiaries PROVIDED THAT the amount of Relevant Indebtedness secured by such Security Interest 
shall not be increased after the date such entity becomes a Subsidiary of the Issuer.

--- Page 78 ---
70 
(b) 
Guarantor’s Negative Pledge 
Where Notes are issued by STI, so long as any of such Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement), the Guarantor will ensure that no Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) of the Guarantor or 
any of its Subsidiaries (as defined below) will be secured by a Security Interest upon, or with respect to, any 
of the present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of the 
Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries unless the Guarantor shall, in the case of the creation of the Security 
Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, take any and all action necessary to 
ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes and the Coupons are secured by the Security Interest 
equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a Security 
Interest) is provided as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (which is defined in the 
Agency Agreement as a resolution duly passed by a majority of not less than three-fourths of the 
votes cast) of the Noteholders 
EXCEPT THAT the foregoing provision shall not apply to any Security Interest (i) arising by operation of law 
or (ii) created by an entity which becomes a Subsidiary of the Guarantor after the date of the creation of such 
Security Interest, which Security Interest was not created in connection with or in contemplation of such entity 
becoming a Subsidiary of the Guarantor and does not extend to or cover any assets of the Guarantor or any 
of its other Subsidiaries PROVIDED THAT the amount of Relevant Indebtedness secured by such Security 
Interest shall not be increased after the date such entity becomes a Subsidiary of the Guarantor. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means (i) any present or future indebtedness which has an initial maturity of more 
than 12 months (whether being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) represented or evidenced by 
notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which for the time being are, or are 
intended to be, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities 
market and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity of any such indebtedness; and 
“Subsidiary” means a subsidiary within the meaning of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) or, in the case 
of STI, a subsidiary within the meaning of section 7 of the Irish Companies Act, 2014. 
4. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per 
annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in 
each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such 
date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the 
Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;

--- Page 79 ---
71 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination 
of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the 
most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding the 
next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, 
and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest 
Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified

--- Page 80 ---
72 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these 
Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4(b)(i)(B), 
the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall 
be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below 
shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (A) such Interest Payment each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in Luxembourg and each Additional Business Centre (other than T2) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor 
thereto (the “T2”) is open; and 
(C) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be 
the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means

--- Page 81 ---
73 
a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – if the Reference Rate is not 
Compounded Daily SONIA 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and if the Reference Rate is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations 
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, 
STIBOR or NIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as 
the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page or such replacement page on that service 
which displays the information as at 11.00 a.m. (“Relevant Financial Centre time”) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
such offered quotations. 
 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(1), no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(2), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Agent shall request each of 
the Reference Banks to provide the Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent. 
 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent determines as 
being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Agent 
by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in

--- Page 82 ---
74 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR), the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the 
Oslo inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Agent with offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR), the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Oslo 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period). 
 
In the case of Exempt Notes, if the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than EURIBOR, 
STIBOR or NIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes will be determined as provided 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(b)(ii):  
 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by 
the Agent, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four 
major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market and in the case of a determination of NIBOR, 
the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Agent. 
 
“Specified Time” means 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of a determination of SONIA, 
or Brussels time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, or Stockholm time, in the case 
of determination of STIBOR), or 12:00 p.m. (Oslo time, in the case of a determination of 
NIBOR). 
 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – if the Reference Rate is Compounded 
Daily SONIA 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and if the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily SONIA, then the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin, all as determined 
by the Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date for such Interest 
Period. 
 
 If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the SONIA rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA rate shall be the sum of: (i) the Bank of 
England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on such London 
Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which a SONIA rate has been published, excluding the highest spread

--- Page 83 ---
75 
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads). 
 
 If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the 
Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if 
there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
 
 If the Notes become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 9, 
or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date in 
accordance with Condition 6, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the 
date on which such Notes became due and payable or are to be redeemed, as applicable, 
and the Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C): 
 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, in relation to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + SONIA𝑖−𝑝LBD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
“d” means, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest 
Period. 
 
“d0” means, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days in such 
Interest Period. 
 
“i” means, in relation to any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first London Banking Day in such Interest Period to (and including) the last London 
Banking Day in such Interest Period.  
 
“ni”, means, in relation to any London Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London Banking 
Day. 
 
“p” means the whole number specified as the Observation Look-back Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, such number representing a number of London Banking Days, which shall in 
any event be no less than five, or if no such number is specified, five London Banking Days. 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London. 
 
“Observation Period” means, in relation to an Interest Period, the period from and including 
the date which is “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period and

--- Page 84 ---
76 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is “p” London Banking Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
 
“SONIA” means the Sterling Overnight Index Average.   
 
“SONIA rate” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily SONIA rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) 
on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day. 
 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest 
Period, the SONIA rate for the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to 
such London Banking Day “i”. 
(iii) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 4(b)(iii) applies only where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined. 
(A) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding Condition 4(b)(ii)(B) and Condition 4(b)(ii)(C), if a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
(in accordance with Condition 4(b)(iii)(B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in 
accordance with Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(iii)(D)). 
 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iii) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith or 
fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Paying Agents or the 
Noteholders or Couponholders for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination 
made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iii). 
 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(iii)(A) 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin (if 
any) or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin (if any) or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin (if 
any) or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this sub-paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period 
only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(b)(iii). 
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
4(b)(iii)); or

--- Page 85 ---
77 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 4(b)(iii)). 
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 4(b)(iii) and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4(b)(iii)(E), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(iii)(D), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 4(b)(iii) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments (if any). 
 
No later than notifying the Agent and the Paying Agents of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer: 
 
(i) 
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (b) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (c) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and (d) the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 4(b)(iii); and 
 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
 
The Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or 
liability to any person and without any obligation to verify or investigate the accuracy thereof) as 
sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the ability of Agent 
and the Paying Agents to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable), the Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(F) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4(b)(iii)(A), 4(b)(iii)(B), 4(b)(iii)(C) 
and 4(b)(iii)(D), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
4(b)(ii) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred and the Agent has

--- Page 86 ---
78 
been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment 
Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 4(b)(iii)(E). 
(G) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 4(b)(iii): 
 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
  
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the Issuer 
or the Guarantor (if applicable), following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines, is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
 
(iii) 
(if the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), in its discretion, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate; 
 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(if applicable), following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines in accordance with Condition 4(b)(iii)(B) has replaced 
the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for 
the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(iii)(D); 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or 
 
(ii) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it has ceased or will (on or before a specified date) cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (b) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (a); or 
 
(iii) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will (on or before a 
specified date) be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (b) the date falling six months 
prior to the date specified in (a); or 
 
(iv) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will (on or 
before a specified date) be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the 
Notes and (b) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (a); or 
 
(v) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of an 
underlying market or will no longer be representative as of a specified date and such

--- Page 87 ---
79 
representativeness will not be restored and (b) the date falling six months prior to the date 
specified in (a); or 
 
(vi) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to 
be made to any Noteholders using the Original Reference Rate; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer or the Guarantor (if 
applicable) at its own expense under Condition 4(b)(iii)(A); 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes or, if applicable, 
any other successor or alternative rate (or any component part thereof) determined and applicable 
to the Notes pursuant to the earlier operation of this Condition 4(b)(iii); 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(iv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(v) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes 
for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination 
of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable 
in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the

--- Page 88 ---
80 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual(ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in 
a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 𝑥 (𝑀2 − 𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number is 
31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 𝑥 (𝑀2 − 𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 89 ---
81 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
 if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 𝑥 (𝑀2 − 𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is 
no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
 Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest 
Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than the fourth Luxembourg Business Day thereafter. Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to

--- Page 90 ---
82 
each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
“Luxembourg Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for general business in Luxembourg. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(b) by the 
Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuers, 
the Guarantor, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in 
the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Exempt Notes 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate Notes or 
Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of Condition 4.2 shall, save 
to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the references therein to Floating 
Rate Notes and to the Agent were references to Index Linked Interest Notes and the Calculation Agent, 
respectively, and provided further that the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
(d) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to 
bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or 
refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note has 
been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13. 
(e) 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes due to Rating Change 
If a Step Up Rating Change and/or Step Down Rating Change is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
following terms relating to the Rate of Interest for the Notes shall apply: 
(1) 
The Rate of Interest payable on the Notes will be subject to adjustment from time to time in the event 
of a Step Up Rating Change or a Step Down Rating Change, as the case may be. 
(2) 
Subject to Conditions 4(e)(4) and 4(e)(9) below, from and including the first Interest Payment Date 
following the date of a Step Up Rating Change, if any, the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on the Notes shall be increased 
by the Rating Step Up Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(3) 
Subject to Conditions 4(e)(4) and 4(e)(9) below, in the event of a Step Down Rating Change following 
a Step Up Rating Change, with effect from and including the first Interest Payment Date following the 
date of such Step Down Rating Change, the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the 
Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on the Notes shall be decreased by the Rating 
Step Up Margin back to the initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the initial 
Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes). 
(4) 
If a Step Up Rating Change and, subsequently, a Step Down Rating Change occur during the same 
Fixed Interest Period (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the same Interest Period (in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes), the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case

--- Page 91 ---
83 
of Floating Rate Notes) on the Notes shall be neither increased nor decreased as a result of either 
such event. 
(5) 
Securitas AB shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain credit ratings for its senior unsecured long-
term debt from S&P. If, notwithstanding such reasonable efforts, S&P fails to or ceases to assign a 
credit rating to Securitas AB’s senior unsecured long-term debt, Securitas AB shall use all reasonable 
efforts to obtain a credit rating of its senior unsecured long-term debt from a substitute rating agency 
that shall be a Statistical Rating Agency, and references in this Condition 4(e) to S&P or the credit 
ratings thereof shall be to such substitute rating agency or, as the case may be, the equivalent credit 
ratings thereof. 
(6) 
Securitas AB will cause the occurrence of a Step Up Rating Change or a Step Down Rating Change 
giving rise to an adjustment to the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes pursuant to this Condition 
4(e) to be notified to the Agent and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 
as soon as reasonably practicable after the occurrence of such Step Up Rating Change or Step Down 
Rating Change, but in no event later than the fifth London Business Day thereafter. 
(7) 
If the rating designations employed by S&P are changed from those which are described in this 
Condition 4(e), or if a rating is procured from a Statistical Rating Agency and the rating designations 
employed by such Statistical Rating Agency are changed, Securitas AB shall determine the rating 
designations of S&P or such Statistical Rating Agency as are most equivalent to the prior rating 
designations of S&P or such Statistical Rating Agency, as the case may be. 
(8) 
No Agent is under any obligation to ascertain whether a change in the rating assigned to the Notes 
by S&P or any Additional Rating Agency has occurred or whether there has been a failure or a 
ceasing by S&P or any Additional Rating Agency to assign a credit rating to Securitas AB’s senior 
unsecured long-term debt and (until it shall have actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary) 
any Agent may assume that no such change to the credit rating assigned to the Notes has occurred 
or no such failure or ceasing by S&P or any Additional Rating Agency has occurred. 
(9) 
Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, there shall be no limit on the number of times 
that the Rate of Interest may be adjusted pursuant hereto during the term of the Notes provided that 
at no time during the term of the Notes will the Rate of Interest be (i) less than the initial Rate of 
Interest or (ii) more than the initial Rate of Interest plus the Rating Step Up Margin specified hereon. 
For the purpose of this Condition 4(e): 
“Additional Rating Agency” means a Statistical Rating Agency that at any time provides a solicited rating to 
Securitas AB’s senior unsecured long-term debt obligations;  
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, or its successor, established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 (as amended); 
“Statistical Rating Agency” means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) or Moody’s Investors Service Limited 
(“Moody’s”) or their respective successors or such other rating agency the Trustee may approve, such 
approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; 
“Step Down Rating Change” means the first public announcement after a Step Up Rating Change by S&P or 
an Additional Rating Agency of an increase in the credit rating of Securitas AB’s senior unsecured long-term 
debt with the result that (following such public announcement(s)) Securitas AB’s senior unsecured debt is 
rated BBB- or higher by S&P or a rating equivalent to BBB- or higher by an Additional Rating Agency. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any further increases in the credit rating of Securitas AB’s senior unsecured long-term 
debt above BBB- (in the case of S&P) or above a rating equivalent to BBB- (in the case of an Additional 
Rating Agency) shall not constitute a Step Down Rating Change; and 
“Step Up Rating Change” means the first public announcement by S&P or an Additional Rating Agency of a 
decrease in the credit rating of Securitas AB’s senior unsecured long-term debt to below BBB- (in the case 
of S&P) or below a rating equivalent to BBB- (in the case of an Additional Rating Agency). For the avoidance 
of doubt, any further decrease in the credit rating of Securitas AB’s senior unsecured long-term debt from 
below BBB- (in the case of S&P) or below a rating equivalent to BBB- (in the case of an Additional Rating 
Agency) shall not constitute a Step Up Rating Change.

--- Page 92 ---
84 
(f) 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event  
(i) 
If Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) as being applicable, the Rate of Interest 
for Sustainability-Linked Notes will be the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) 
or otherwise determined in accordance with this Condition 4 and with the applicable Final Terms (in 
the case of Floating Rate Notes), PROVIDED THAT for any Fixed Interest Period (in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes) or Interest Period (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) commencing on or after the 
Interest Payment Date immediately following the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event, 
if any, the initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the initial Margin (in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes) shall be increased by the relevant Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Margin(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). 
(ii) 
If Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) as being applicable, if a Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event occurs the Issuer shall pay to the holder of each Note an amount equal to the 
relevant Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount(s) on the relevant Sustainability-Linked Premium 
Payment Date or (if applicable) any earlier redemption date in respect of such Sustainability-Linked 
Notes.  
(A) 
Application: This Condition 4(f) applies to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms (or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) indicate that Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event (Interest) or Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) is applicable (the 
“Sustainability-Linked Notes”).  
(B) 
Occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event: If a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event has 
occurred, Securitas AB shall give notice of such Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event and (x) if 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) as being applicable, the relevant Sustainability-
Linked Step-Up Margin(s); or (y) if Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) as being 
applicable, the relevant Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount(s), to the Agent and the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as reasonably practicable following the publication of the 
Verification Assurance Certificate for the year ending on the Target Observation Date in accordance 
with Condition 4(f), if applicable, and in any event such notice shall be given to the Agent and the 
Noteholders not later than the date falling 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Sustainability-Linked 
Reference Date.  
Each Agent shall be bound to accept any determination of Securitas AB and any notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 4(f) and any determination, calculation or confirmation of the External 
Verifier (including, without limitation, the Limited Assurance Report) and no Agent shall have any 
liability to any person for so doing. 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more than once in 
respect of any Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes as a result of the relevant Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event (or, if more than one Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) as being applicable, 
no more than once as a result of each Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event), (ii) no more than one 
Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount shall be payable as a result of the relevant Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event (or, if more than one Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) as being 
applicable, no more than one Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount shall be payable as a result of 
each Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event), (iii) if Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) as being applicable, no Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount shall be payable as a 
result of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event, and (iv) if Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event 
(Premium) is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) as being applicable, no increase in the Rate of Interest shall occur as a result 
of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event.

--- Page 93 ---
85 
(C) 
Annual reporting: For each financial year ending on 31 December from and including the financial 
year during which the Issue Date of any Sustainability-Linked Notes falls up to and including the 
financial year in which the Target Observation Date falls in respect of such Notes, Securitas AB will 
in its annual and sustainability report published on its website or in another document (each such 
report or other document, a “Sustainability Performance Report”) disclose the following: 
(I) (a) the Group’s GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement); and/or (b) the Group’s GHG Emissions (Scope 3) (where Sustainability Performance 
Target (SPT2) is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement), in each case as of 31 December in each year and as determined by 
Securitas AB in accordance with these Conditions; and  
(II) if applicable, the occurrence of any Recalculation Event and the related amended Sustainability 
Performance Baseline(s), historical data and/or Sustainability Performance Target(s) resulting from 
the occurrence of any such Recalculation Event.  
Each such Sustainability Performance Report shall include or be accompanied by a limited assurance 
report issued by the External Verifier (a “Limited Assurance Report”). Each Sustainability 
Performance Report and related Limited Assurance Report will be made available in Securitas AB’s 
annual and sustainability report published on Securitas AB’s website. 
(D) 
Verification Assurance Certificate: For the financial year in which the Target Observation Date falls, 
Securitas AB will publish on its website a verification assurance certificate by the External Verifier 
(such report, the “Verification Assurance Certificate”), which shall confirm whether Securitas AB has 
achieved the relevant Sustainability Performance Target(s) on the Target Observation Date and 
specify whether any amendments or recalculations were made following the occurrence of a 
Recalculation Event (if any). The Verification Assurance Certificate will be published no later than the 
Notification Deadline. 
(E) 
Definitions: In this Condition 4(f): 
“External Verifier” means any external independent accounting or appraisal firm or other independent 
expert of internationally recognised standing appointed by Securitas AB, in each case with the 
expertise necessary to perform the functions required to be performed by the External Verifier under 
these Conditions, as determined by Securitas AB; 
“GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2)” relates to the greenhouse gas emissions of the Group and is equal 
to the sum of the Group’s Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, as determined by Securitas AB, calculated 
in line with the GHG Protocol Standard and expressed in tCO2e; 
“GHG Emissions (Scope 3)” relates to the greenhouse gas emissions of the Group and is equal to 
the Group’s Scope 3 emissions, as determined by Securitas AB, calculated in line with the GHG 
Protocol Standard and expressed in tCO2e; 
“GHG Protocol Standard” means the document entitled “The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A Corporate 
Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)” published by the World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute (as amended, updated supplemented 
or replaced from time to time); 
“Notification Deadline” is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) or the date falling 5 Business Days prior to the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Reference Date; 
“Recalculation Event” means the occurrence of:  
(i) 
a significant change to the structure of the Group; or  
(ii) 
a limited assurance exercise which reveals errors or results in the need to restate historical 
data, including the Sustainability Performance Baseline(s); or

--- Page 94 ---
86 
(iii) 
a significant change in methodology (including, but not limited to, technical changes, 
improvement of data quality and other quality improvements in accordance with applicable 
accounting principles and generally accepted industry standards) in calculation of (a) GHG 
Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement); and/or (b) GHG Emissions (Scope 3) (where Sustainability Performance 
Target (SPT2) is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) that requires a recalculation of GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 
2) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) and/or GHG Emissions 
(Scope 3) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) for any 
reporting year (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any past reporting year), in each case 
as determined in good faith by Securitas AB; or 
(iv) 
any change in Securitas AB’s ability and autonomy to calculate any Sustainability 
Performance Target(s) and/or Sustainability Performance Baseline(s), including without 
limitation as a result of data accessibility, data quality, data error or a number of cumulative 
errors that together are significant; or where the use of a proxy may be required such as, but 
without limitation an extrapolation of earlier reported emissions if a supplier is not providing 
the figures in time. 
“Scope 1” means the greenhouse gas emissions emitted by the Group in absolute value, expressed 
in tCO2e, corresponding to direct emissions from the emissions fuel in the Group’s vehicles, the fuel 
in the Group’s backup generators and other energy sources used by the Group in its operations;  
“Scope 2” means the greenhouse gas emissions emitted by the Group in absolute value, expressed 
in tCO2e, corresponding to indirect emissions from the electricity the Group purchases to power its 
operations and the heat from district heating;  
“Scope 3” means the greenhouse gas emissions corresponding to indirect emissions generated in 
the Group’s upstream and downstream value chain that result from the Group’s operations;  
“Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount” means the Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount (SPT1) 
(where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) or the Sustainability-Linked Premium 
Amount (SPT2) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement and, each 
such premium amount, the “relevant Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount”;  
“Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount (SPT1)” is the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being the Sustainability-Linked 
Premium Amount (SPT1); 
“Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount (SPT2)” is the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being the Sustainability-Linked 
Premium Amount (SPT2);  
“Sustainability-Linked Premium Payment Date” is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being the Sustainability-Linked 
Premium Payment Date;  
“Sustainability-Linked Reference Date” means the Sustainability-Linked Reference Date (SPT1) 
(where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) and/or Sustainability-Linked Reference 
Date (SPT2) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), and each such date, the 
“relevant Sustainability-Linked Reference Date”;

--- Page 95 ---
87 
“Sustainability-Linked Reference Date (SPT1)” is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being the Sustainability-Linked 
Reference Date (SPT1);  
“Sustainability-Linked Reference Date (SPT2)” is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being the Sustainability-Linked 
Reference Date (SPT2);  
“Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin” means the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin (SPT1) 
(where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) and/or the Sustainability-Linked Step Up 
Margin (SPT2) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement and, each 
such margin, the “relevant Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin”;  
“Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin (SPT1)” means the amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being the Sustainability-
Linked Step Up Margin (SPT1);  
“Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin (SPT2)” means the amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being the Sustainability-
Linked Step Up Margin (SPT2);  
“Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event” means the occurrence of (i) a Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event (SPT1) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) and/or (ii) a Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event (SPT2) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), and 
each such event, the “relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event”;  
“Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (SPT1)” means either (i) the Group does not achieve the 
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) on the Target Observation Date as determined by the 
External Verifier and confirmed in the Verification Assurance Certificate, (ii) Securitas AB has not 
published the Verification Assurance Certificate on or before the Notification Deadline, or (iii) the 
Verification Assurance Certificate contains a reservation about whether or not the Sustainability 
Performance Target has been achieved on the Target Observation Date;  
“Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (SPT2)” means either (i) the Group does not achieve the 
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) on the Target Observation Date as determined by the 
External Verifier and confirmed in the Verification Assurance Certificate, (ii) Securitas AB has not 
published the Verification Assurance Certificate on or before the Notification Deadline, or (iii) the 
Verification Assurance Certificate contains a reservation about whether or not the Sustainability 
Performance Target has been achieved on the Target Observation Date;  
“Sustainability Performance Baseline” means (i) the Sustainability Performance Baseline (SPT1) 
(where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), and/or (ii) the Sustainability Performance 
Baseline (SPT2) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement and each 
such target, the “relevant Sustainability Performance Baseline”;  
“Sustainability Performance Baseline (SPT1)” means the GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) expressed 
in tCO2e for the reporting year 2022, as most recently reported in Securitas AB’s annual and 
sustainability report for the year ended 31 December 2023 and as may be amended from time to time 
following the occurrence of a Recalculation Event and, if so amended, published in a Sustainability 
Performance Report in accordance with Condition 4(f)(C);  
“Sustainability Performance Baseline (SPT2)” means the GHG Emissions (Scope 3) expressed in 
tCO2e for the reporting year 2022, as most recently reported in the Securitas AB’s annual and

--- Page 96 ---
88 
sustainability report for the year ended 31 December 2023 and as may be amended from time to time 
following the occurrence of a Recalculation Event and, if so amended, published in a Sustainability 
Performance Report in accordance with Condition 4(f)(C);  
“Sustainability Performance Target” means the Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) and/or the 
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement and each such target, the “relevant Sustainability 
Performance Target”;  
“Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1)” means a reduction of GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) 
from the Sustainability Performance Baseline (SPT1) equal to or higher than the percentage specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as 
being the Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1);  
“Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2)” means a reduction of GHG Emissions (Scope 3) from 
the Sustainability Performance Baseline (SPT2) equal to or higher than the percentage specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as 
being the Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2);  
“Target Observation Date” means 31 December 2030 or such other date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being the Target 
Observation Date; and  
“tCO2e” means metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment  
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account in 
the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial centre 
of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the 
place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner 
provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of 
any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will 
(subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to 
its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) and save as provided 
in Condition 5(d)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto 
(which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being

--- Page 97 ---
89 
made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will 
be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before 
the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether 
or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the 
date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in 
respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon 
attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that 
such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate 
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued 
in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, 
the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will (subject 
as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes and otherwise in 
the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against presentation or surrender, as the 
case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A 
record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note, distinguishing between 
any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note either by the Paying 
Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(d) 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive form becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) will be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer and the Guarantor 
(if applicable) to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect 
of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such 
Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in 
U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and

--- Page 98 ---
90 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
(f) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall 
not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, “Payment 
Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(B) 
each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(C) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which the T2 is open; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre 
of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the T2 is open. 
(g) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6(f)); and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer under 
or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed by 
the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which, in the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes or 
Exempt Notes, shall be an amount equal to at least 100 per cent. of its nominal amount) specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons

--- Page 99 ---
91 
Subject to Condition 6(f), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified 
in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) 
has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 7), or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached 
to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) taking reasonable 
measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee (if applicable) then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two Directors of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result 
of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred 
to in paragraph (e) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not 
less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 and to the Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable 
(subject to the satisfaction of any applicable conditions precedents as described below) and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, 
if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more than 
the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be selected 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with 
the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount at their discretion and in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, will be selected not more than 30 days prior to 
the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed 
Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) 
the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this paragraph (c) and notice 
to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least five 
days prior to the Selection Date. 
Any such redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c) may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more 
conditions precedent, in which case the notice of redemption shall state the applicable condition precedent(s) 
and that, in the Issuer’s discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or 
all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may

--- Page 100 ---
92 
not occur in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in 
its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(c): 
“Gross Redemption Yield” means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such security, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Independent Financial Adviser on the basis set out by the 
UK Debt Management Office in the paper “Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields – 3rd edition”, 
page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae “Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with 
Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date” (published 16 March 2005, as amended or 
updated from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and 
rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places). 
“IFA Selected Bond” means a government security or securities selected by the Independent Financial 
Adviser as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes up to 
and including the Maturity Date or (if earlier) the Par Redemption Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
“Independent Financial Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute appointed 
by the Issuer at its own expense. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Amount (Non-Sterling)” means an amount calculated by the Independent Financial 
Adviser equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed; and (ii) the sum of the present values of the principal amount outstanding of such Notes to be 
redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest of such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of 
redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the 
Redemption Margin (if applicable), provided, however, that if the Optional Redemption Date occurs on or 
after the Par Redemption Date (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount (Non-Sterling) will be equal to 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Amount (Sterling)” means an amount calculated by the Independent Financial 
Adviser equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed; and (ii) the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price, as 
reported to the Issuer by the Independent Financial Adviser, at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such 
Notes on the Make-Whole Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield (determined by reference 
to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement on the Make-
Whole Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the Redemption Margin, all as determined by the 
Independent Financial Adviser, provided, however, that if the Optional Redemption Date occurs on or after 
the Par Redemption Date (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount (Sterling) will be equal to 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed. 
“Make-Whole Reference Date” will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption. 
“Par Redemption Amount” means an amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes or (in case of a partial 
redemption of Notes) of the Redeemed Notes. 
“Optional Redemption Amount” means (i) the Par Redemption Amount, (ii) the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount (Sterling) or (iii) the Make-Whole Redemption Amount (Non-Sterling), in each case, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
“Redemption Margin” will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such bond is set out or if such 
bond is no longer outstanding, the IFA Selected Bond. 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest and

--- Page 101 ---
93 
lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Independent Financial Adviser 
obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all 
such quotations. 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any date of redemption the rate per annum equal to the annual 
or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day 
count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage 
of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (or the Independent 
Financial Adviser on its behalf), or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and 
their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government Bond 
Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Independent Financial 
Adviser, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its 
nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted 
in writing to the Independent Financial Adviser by such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
“Remaining Term Interest” means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled payment(s) 
of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note up to and including the Maturity Date or (if earlier) 
the Par Redemption Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, determined on the basis of the rate of 
interest applicable to such Note from (and including) the date on which such Note is to be redeemed by the 
Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6(c), PROVIDED THAT in the case of Sustainability-Linked Notes where 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) as being applicable, if any relevant Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event has occurred prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is delivered, such scheduled 
payment(s) of interest for Interest Periods commencing on and after the Interest Payment Date immediately 
following the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event shall be calculated by reference to the Rate 
of Interest increased by the relevant Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin). 
(d) 
Clean-Up Call Option 
If a Clean-Up Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if not less than 75 per cent. of the 
initial aggregate nominal amount of Notes of the same Series (including any further Notes issued pursuant 
to Condition 15) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the relevant Issuer and cancelled, 
the relevant Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice 
in accordance with Condition 13 to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at the Early 
Redemption Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
(A) 
Investor Put (other than a Change of Control Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable) the 
Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must if this Note is in definitive 
form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, a duly 
completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition and the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to 
its order or under its control.

--- Page 102 ---
94 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the 
notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may 
be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable 
except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 
9. 
(B) 
Change of Control Put 
(i) 
If Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, this Condition 
6(e)(B) shall apply. 
(ii) 
If, at any time while any Note remains outstanding, either of the following events shall occur (each, 
as applicable, a “Put Event”): 
(a) 
a Change of Control occurs and, if at the start of the Change of Control Period the Notes or 
Securitas AB are rated by any Rating Agency, a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change 
of Control occurs and continues within such Change of Control Period; or 
(b) 
a Change of Control occurs and, on the occurrence of the Change of Control, none of the 
Notes or Securitas AB are rated by any Rating Agency and the Notes or the Issuer are not 
within the Change of Control Period assigned an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3, or 
their respective equivalents for the time being, or better) (an “Investment Grade Rating”) by 
a Rating Agency, 
the holder of each Note will have the option (the “Put Option”) (unless, prior to the giving of the Put 
Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives notice of its intention to redeem the Notes under 
Condition 6(b) or 6(c)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, to purchase or procure 
the purchase of that Note on the Optional Redemption Date (as defined below), at its principal amount 
together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued interest (if applicable) 
to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(e)(B): 
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or not approved by 
the Board of Directors of Securitas AB) that any person or persons acting in concert or any person 
or persons acting on behalf of any such person(s) (the “Relevant Person(s)”) at any time directly or 
indirectly come(s) to own or acquire(s) (A) more than 50 per cent. of the issued ordinary share capital 
of Securitas AB; or (B) such number of the shares in the capital of Securitas AB carrying more than 
50 per cent. of the voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of Securitas AB, provided 
that a Change of Control shall be deemed not to have occurred if all or substantially all of the 
shareholders of the Relevant Person(s) are, or immediately prior to the event which would otherwise 
have constituted a Change of Control were, the shareholders of Securitas AB with the same (or 
substantially the same) pro rata interest in the share capital of the Relevant Person(s) as such 
shareholders have, or as the case may be, had in the share capital of Securitas AB; 
“Change of Control Period” means the period (i) commencing on the date that is the earlier of (A) the 
date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (B) the date of the earliest 
Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below) provided that this results in a Change 
of Control within 180 days, if any, and (ii) ending on the date which is 90 days after the date on which 
the relevant Change of Control occurs (such 90th day, the “Initial Longstop Date”); provided that, 
unless any other Rating Agency has on or prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating 
Downgrade in respect of its rating of the Notes or Securitas AB, if a Rating Agency publicly

--- Page 103 ---
95 
announces, at any time prior to the Initial Longstop Date, that it has placed its rating of the Notes or 
Securitas AB under consideration for rating review as a result of the relevant public announcement 
of the Change of Control or Potential Change of Control Announcement, the Change of Control 
Period shall be extended to the date which falls 60 days after the Initial Longstop Date; 
“Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or statement by 
Securitas AB, any actual or potential bidder or any designated advisor thereto relating to any specific 
and near-term potential Change of Control (whereby “near-term” shall mean that such potential 
Change of Control is reasonably likely to occur, or is publicly stated by Securitas AB, any such actual 
or potential bidder or any such designated advisor to be intended to occur, within three months of the 
date of such announcement or statement); 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to require 
the Issuer to redeem or, as the case may be, purchase or procure the purchase of a Note pursuant 
to this Condition 6(e)(B); 
“Rating Agency” means any of the following: (i) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited; (ii) Moody’s 
Investors Service Limited; or (iii) any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified 
from time to time by Securitas AB, and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates; and 
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if within 
the Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to the Notes or Securitas AB by any 
Rating Agency is (i) withdrawn and not reinstated during the Change of Control Period to an 
Investment Grade Rating by any Rating Agency or (ii) changed from an Investment Grade Rating to 
a non-investment grade rating (BB+/Ba1, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or worse) 
and is not raised again to an Investment Grade Rating within the Change of Control Period or (iii) if 
such rating previously assigned to the Notes or Securitas AB by any Rating Agency was below an 
Investment Grade Rating, lowered by at least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB or 
their respective equivalents) and is not raised again to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating 
Agency within the Change of Control Period; provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by 
virtue of a particular change in rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular 
Change of Control if the Rating Agency making the change in rating does not confirm in writing to 
Securitas AB or publicly announce or publicly confirm that the reduction was the result, in whole or 
in part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the 
applicable Change of Control or Potential Change of Control Announcement. 
(iv) 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice 
(a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 specifying the nature of 
the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Put Option 
contained in this Condition 6(e)(B). 
(v) 
To exercise the Put Option to require the Issuer to redeem or, as the case may be, purchase or 
procure the purchase of a Note under this Condition 6(e)(B), the holder of this Note must, if this Note 
is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the period (the “Put Period”) of 45 days after the Put Event Notice is given, a duly completed 
and signed Put Notice in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of 
any Paying Agent and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be 
made under this Condition and the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be 
held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the Put Option to require the Issuer to redeem or, as the case 
may be, purchase or procure the purchase of the Note under this Condition 6(e)(B), the holder of this 
Note must, within the Put Period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being 
given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time.

--- Page 104 ---
96 
The Paying Agent to whom a Note has been so delivered or, as applicable, the Agent shall deliver a 
duly completed Put Option Receipt to the relevant holder. Any Put Notice or other notice given in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a 
holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6(e)(B) shall be irrevocable except where prior to the 
Optional Redemption Date an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in which event 
such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to 
this Condition 6(e)(B) and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 9. 
(vi) 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, purchase or procure the purchase of the Notes 
in respect of which the Put Option has been validly exercised as provided in Condition 6(e)(B)(v) on 
the date which is the fifth Payment Day following the end of the Put Period (the “Optional Redemption 
Date”). Payment in respect of any Note in respect of which the Put Option has been validly exercised 
will be made on the Optional Redemption Date to the Noteholder’s bank account specified in the Put 
Notice (if any) or otherwise in accordance with Condition 5. 
(vii) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not have any responsibility for any costs or loss of 
whatever kind (including breakage costs) which any Noteholder may incur as a result of or in 
connection with such Noteholder’s exercise, or purported exercise, of, or otherwise in connection 
with, any Put Option, whether upon the occasion of any purchase or redemption arising therefrom or 
otherwise. 
(f) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 9: 
(i) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount; and 
(ii) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365), 
or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(g) 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may be specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement. For the purposes of Condition 6(b),

--- Page 105 ---
97 
Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual Currency Interest Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment 
Date. 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) may 
at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. All Notes so 
purchased will be surrendered to a Paying Agent for cancellation. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (g) above (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(j) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c) (d) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (e)(ii) above as though the references therein 
to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable 
were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer or, if 
applicable, under the Guarantee by the Guarantor, will be made without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any 
Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (if applicable), as the case may be, will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order 
that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction 
shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of 
his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or 
Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined 
in Condition 5(f)). 
As used herein: 
(i) 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means Sweden (in the case of payments by Securitas AB), the Republic of Ireland 
(in the case of payments by STI) or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax and/or any other territory or political subdivision to the taxing jurisdiction of which the 
Issuer becomes subject generally; and

--- Page 106 ---
98 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, 
it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that 
effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer or the Guarantor (if 
applicable) be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes or Coupons for, or on account 
of, any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within 
a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) or any Talon which 
would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(a) 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur and be continuing: 
(i) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in respect 
of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 14 days in either case; or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations 
under these Conditions or the Guarantee (if applicable) and (except in any case where the failure is 
incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) 
the failure continues for the period of 30 days next following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer 
or the Guarantor (if applicable) of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
if (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of Securitas AB or any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however 
described); (ii) Securitas AB or any of its Principal Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect 
of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for payment; (iii) any security given by 
Securitas AB or any of its Principal Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes 
enforceable; or (iv) default is made by Securitas AB or any of its Principal Subsidiaries in making any 
payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by each of them (as applicable) in relation 
to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person, 
provided that no event described in this Condition 9(a)(iii) shall constitute an Event of Default unless 
the Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or other relative liability either alone or when aggregated with 
other Indebtedness for Borrowed Money and/or other liabilities relative to all (if any) other events 
which shall have occurred and be continuing shall amount to at least €50,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency); or 
(iv) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or dissolution of 
Securitas AB or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(v) 
if Securitas AB or any of its Principal Subsidiaries ceases to carry on all or substantially all of its 
business, (save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Noteholders) or Securitas AB or any of its Principal Subsidiaries stops or threatens to stop 
payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall

--- Page 107 ---
99 
due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is 
adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(vi) 
if (A) an administrative or other receiver, examiner, manager, administrator or other similar official is 
appointed, in relation to Securitas AB or any of its Principal Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in 
relation to the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an 
encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any 
of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, 
sued out or put in force against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of 
them and (B) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within 
14 days; or 
(vii) 
if Securitas AB or any of its Principal Subsidiaries initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating 
to itself under any applicable liquidation, examinership, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or 
other similar laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any 
composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any 
meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors); or 
(viii) 
in the case of Notes issued by STI, for any reason whatsoever the Guarantee is not (or is claimed by 
the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect; 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) at the specified 
office of the Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any Notes held by the 
holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the 
Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(f)), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date 
of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
(b) 
Definitions 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions: 
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) money borrowed, (ii) liabilities under or in respect 
of any acceptance or acceptance credit or (iii) any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or 
other debt securities offered, issued or distributed whether by way of public offer, private placing, acquisition 
consideration or otherwise and whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than 
cash. 
“Principal Subsidiary” at any time shall mean a Subsidiary of Securitas AB: 
(i) 
whose (a) total profits, before tax and extraordinary items, or (b) total assets represent ten (10) per 
cent. or more of the consolidated total profits, before tax and extraordinary items, of Securitas AB 
and its consolidated Subsidiaries, or, as the case may be, ten (10) per cent. or more of the 
consolidated total assets of Securitas AB and its consolidated Subsidiaries or (if applicable) the 
Guarantor and its consolidated Subsidiaries, in each case calculated by reference to the latest annual 
financial statements of such Subsidiary and the latest annual audited consolidated financial 
statements of Securitas AB and its consolidated Subsidiaries or (if applicable) the Guarantor and its 
consolidated Subsidiaries; or 
(ii) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the business, undertaking or assets of a Subsidiary 
which immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary, whereupon the transferor 
Subsidiary shall immediately cease to be a Principal Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall 
become a Principal Subsidiary under this sub-paragraph (ii) upon publication of its next annual 
financial statements. 
A report by the independent auditors for the time being of Securitas AB that in their opinion a Subsidiary of 
Securitas AB is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal 
Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties.

--- Page 108 ---
100 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred 
in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
11. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any additional 
Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be 
specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying 
Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent and a Paying Agent with its specified office in a country outside 
each Tax Jurisdiction; and 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with 
a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange (or any other relevant authority). 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a 
specified office in New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 5(e). Notice of any variation, 
termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any 
Noteholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which 
any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, 
the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Agent 
or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet 
does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the 
Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (i) in a leading English language 
daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (ii) if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to 
trading on, and listed on the Official List, the website of Euronext Dublin. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that 
notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange 
(or any other relevant authority) on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, 
where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing the 
Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for 
such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes 
are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange (or any other

--- Page 109 ---
101 
relevant authority) so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the 
place or places required by the rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) and/or on the 
website of Euronext Dublin. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes 
on the second day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the case 
of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are 
represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose.  
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, 
the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being 
or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that 
at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the 
Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, 
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering 
the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution 
passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority 
consisting of not less than three-quarters of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed 
by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-quarters in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) 
(in a form satisfactory to the Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-quarters in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall 
be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
The Agent, the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modification in respect of which an increased quorum is required as 
mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement which 
is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement which 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such modification 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest 
starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding 
Notes.

--- Page 110 ---
102 
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available 
apart from that Act. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Guarantee, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Guarantee, the Notes and the Coupons shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) agree, for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders, that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out 
of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) and that accordingly any suit, 
action or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
and the Coupons (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and the Coupons) may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) hereby irrevocably waive any objection which they may have 
now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any 
such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a 
judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and 
may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
To the extent permitted by law, nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings 
against the Issuer or Guarantor (if applicable) in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking 
of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, 
whether concurrently or not. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer and (where applicable) the Guarantor appoint Securitas Services Holding UK Limited at its 
registered office for the time being (currently at 24 Old Queen Street, London SW1H 9HP) as its agent for 
service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of Securitas Services Holding UK Limited ceasing so to 
act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other 
manner permitted by law. 
(d) 
Other documents 
The Issuer and (where applicable) the Guarantor have in the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the 
Deed of Covenant and with regard to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them, submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in 
terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 111 ---
103 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Group for its general corporate purposes 
which includes making a profit.

--- Page 112 ---
104 
GUARANTEE 
The following is the Guarantee given by the Guarantor in respect of Notes issued by STI under the 
Programme: 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE is made on 11 February 2025 by Securitas AB (publ) (the “Guarantor”) in 
favour of the Relevant Account Holders (as defined in the Deed of Covenant referred to below). 
WHEREAS: 
(A) 
Securitas AB (publ) (“Securitas AB”, in its capacity as an “Issuer” and the Guarantor) and Securitas 
Treasury Ireland Designated Activity Company (“STI”, in its capacity as an “Issuer” and, together with 
Securitas AB, the “Issuers”) have entered into an Amended and Restated Programme Agreement 
(the “Programme Agreement”, which expression includes the same as it may be amended, restated 
or supplemented from time to time) dated 11 February 2025 with the Dealers named therein under 
which STI proposes from time to time to issue notes (the “Notes”, such expression to include each 
Definitive Note issued by the Issuers and each Global Note issued by the Issuers (where “Definitive 
Note” and “Global Note” have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agency Agreement)). 
(B) 
STI has executed a Deed of Covenant dated 11 February 2025 (the “Deed of Covenant”) relating to 
the Notes to be issued by it pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
(C) 
The Issuers and the Guarantor have entered into an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement 
dated 11 February 2025), the “Agency Agreement”, which expression includes the same as it may 
be amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, with the agents named therein. 
(D) 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes, terms defined in the Terms and Conditions of such Notes (the 
“Conditions”, which term shall mean the Conditions set out in the Base Prospectus relating to the 
Programme as in force on the date of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant Notes (as completed 
by the applicable Final Terms or as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement)) and in the Programme Agreement and not otherwise defined 
in this Deed of Guarantee (the “Guarantee”) shall have the same meaning when used in this 
Guarantee. 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
Subsequent Deed of Guarantee: Any Notes issued on or after the date of this Guarantee shall have 
the benefit of this Guarantee but shall not have the benefit of any subsequent guarantee executed 
by the Guarantor (unless expressly so provided in any such subsequent guarantee). This does not 
affect any Notes issued prior to the date of this Guarantee or any Notes issued on or after the date 
of this Guarantee and which are consolidated with, and form a single Tranche with, the Notes of any 
Tranche issued prior to the date of this Guarantee. 
2. 
Guarantee: The Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees by way of deed poll to each 
Relevant Account Holder that if for any reason the relevant Issuer does not pay any sum payable by 
it to such Relevant Account Holder in respect of any Note or Coupon or under the Deed of Covenant 
(including any premium or any other amounts of whatever nature or additional amounts which may 
become payable under any of the foregoing) as and when the same shall become due under any of 
the foregoing, the Guarantor will pay to such Relevant Account Holder on demand the amount (as to 
which the certificate of such Relevant Account Holder shall in the absence of manifest error be 
conclusive) payable by the relevant Issuer to such Relevant Account Holder. 
3. 
Guarantor as Principal Debtor: Without affecting the relevant Issuer’s obligations, the Guarantor 
will be liable under this Guarantee as if it were the sole principal debtor and not merely a surety. 
Accordingly, it will not be discharged, nor will its liability be affected, by anything which but for this 
provision might operate to affect its liability (including (a) any time, indulgence, waiver or consent at 
any time given to the relevant Issuer or any other person, (b) any amendment to any Note, any 
Coupon or the Deed of Covenant or to any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (c) the making 
or absence of any demand on the relevant Issuer or any other person for payment, (d) the 
enforcement or absence of enforcement of any Note, any Coupon, the Deed of Covenant or of any 
security or other guarantee or indemnity, (e) the release of any such security, guarantee or indemnity,

--- Page 113 ---
105 
(f) the dissolution, amalgamation, reconstruction or reorganisation of the relevant Issuer or any other 
person or (g) the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of or any defect in any provision of any Note, 
any Coupon or the Deed of Covenant or any of the relevant Issuer’s obligations under any of them). 
4. 
Guarantor’s Obligations Continuing: The Guarantor’s obligations under this Guarantee are and 
will remain in full force and effect by way of continuing security until no sum remains, or is capable of 
remaining, payable under any Note, any Coupon or the Deed of Covenant. Furthermore, these 
obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and not instead of, any security or other guarantee or 
indemnity at any time existing in favour of a Relevant Account Holder, whether from the Guarantor 
or otherwise. The Guarantor irrevocably waives all notices and demands whatsoever. 
5. 
Repayment to the Issuer: If any payment received by a Relevant Account Holder is, on the 
subsequent liquidation or insolvency of any of the relevant Issuer, avoided under any laws relating to 
liquidation or insolvency, such payment will not be considered as having discharged or diminished 
the liability of the Guarantor and this Guarantee will continue to apply as if such payment had at all 
times remained owing by the relevant Issuer. 
6. 
Indemnity: As a separate and alternative stipulation, the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably 
agrees that any sum expressed to be payable by the relevant Issuer under any Note, any Coupon or 
the Deed of Covenant but which is for any reason (whether or not now known or becoming known to 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Relevant Account Holder) not recoverable from the 
Guarantor on the basis of a guarantee will nevertheless be recoverable from it as if it were the sole 
principal debtor and will be paid by it to the Relevant Account Holders on demand. This indemnity 
constitutes a separate and independent cause of action and will apply irrespective of any indulgence 
granted by any Relevant Account Holder. 
7. 
Status of Guarantee: The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations 
of the Guarantor and shall at all times rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time to time outstanding. 
8. 
Withholding or deduction: All payments under this Guarantee by the Guarantor shall be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by Sweden or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Guarantor 
will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by a 
Relevant Account Holder after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or 
Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction. 
9. 
Power to execute: The Guarantor hereby warrants, represents and covenants with each Relevant 
Account Holder that it has all corporate power, and has taken all necessary corporate or other steps, 
to enable it to execute, deliver and perform this Guarantee, and that this Guarantee constitutes a 
legal, valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor in accordance with its terms. 
10. 
Deposit of Guarantee: This Guarantee shall take effect as a Deed Poll for the benefit of the Relevant 
Account Holders from time to time and for the time being. This Guarantee shall be deposited with 
and held by BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as Issuing and Principal Paying Agent until all the 
obligations of the Guarantor have been discharged in full. 
11. 
Production of Guarantee: The Guarantor hereby acknowledges the right of every Relevant Account 
Holder to the production of, and the right of every Relevant Account Holder to obtain a copy (free of 
charge) of, this Guarantee, and further acknowledges and covenants that the obligations binding 
upon it contained herein are owed to, and shall be for the account of, each and every Relevant 
Account Holder, and that each Relevant Account Holder shall be entitled severally to enforce the said 
obligations against the Guarantor.

--- Page 114 ---
106 
12. 
Subrogation: Until all amounts which may be payable under the Notes, the Coupons and/or the 
Deed of Covenant have been irrevocably paid in full, the Guarantor shall not by virtue of this 
Guarantee be subrogated to any rights of any Relevant Account Holder or claim in competition with 
the Relevant Account Holders against the relevant Issuer. 
13. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction: This Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with this Guarantee shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
English law. The Guarantor irrevocably agrees for the benefit of each Relevant Account Holder that 
the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in 
connection with this Guarantee (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with this Guarantee) and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings 
(together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee (including 
any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with this 
Guarantee) may be brought in the courts of England. 
The Guarantor irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of 
the venue of any Proceedings in the courts of England, irrevocably agrees that a final judgment in 
any Proceedings brought in the courts of England shall be conclusive and binding upon the Guarantor 
and irrevocably waives any objection to the enforcement of that judgment in the courts of any other 
jurisdiction. Nothing contained in this Clause shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the 
Guarantor in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or 
more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently 
or not. 
The Guarantor has appointed Securitas Services Holding UK Limited at its registered office for the 
time being (currently at 24 Old Queen Street, London SW1H 9HP) as its agent for service of process 
in England in respect of any Proceedings and undertakes that in the event of it ceasing so to act it 
will appoint another person as its agent for that purpose. The Guarantor agrees that failure by a 
process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing in this clause shall affect 
the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
IN WITNESS whereof this Guarantee has been manually executed as a deed poll on behalf of the Guarantor. 
Signed as a deed by Securitas AB (publ) acting on the authority of that company in the presence of: 
Witness’ Signature: ................................................... 
Name: ......................................................................... 
Address: ......................................................................

--- Page 115 ---
107 
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITAS AB AND THE GROUP 
In this section, “Securitas”, the “Company” or the “Group” mean, depending on the context, Securitas AB 
(publ) (corporate ID No. 556302-7241) or the group in which Securitas AB (publ) is the parent company. 
General 
Securitas AB is a public limited liability company (Sw. publikt aktiebolag), established and registered in 
accordance with the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551), with the corporate name Securitas AB (publ), and 
with its headquarters and registered address at PO Box 12 307 (Lindhagensplan 70), 102 28 Stockholm, 
Sweden. Its telephone number is +46 (0)10 470 30 00. The website of the Group is www.securitas.com. The 
information on the Group’s website, or any other website referred to in this Base Prospectus, does not form 
part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
The Company was incorporated in Sweden on 29 June 1987 and registered on 19 August 1987 with the 
former Patent and Registration Office (Sw. Patent- och registreringsverket) under the laws of Sweden for an 
indefinite period. Securitas AB’s registration number is 556302-7241. The current corporate name, Securitas 
AB (publ), was registered on 2 June 1995 (previously having been Securitas Aktiebolag and prior to that 
Securitas Holding Aktiebolag). As stated in the Company’s articles of association at Article 3, Securitas AB’s 
corporate purpose is – directly or indirectly through its subsidiaries – to pursue guard business, offer services 
and products within the field of security, own and administer real and movable estate, as well as to pursue 
other compatible business.  
Securitas AB is the holding company of all the companies in the Group, directly or indirectly, and the assets 
of Securitas AB are substantially comprised of shares in Group companies. Securitas AB does not conduct 
any business itself and is therefore dependent on the Group companies and the revenues received by them. 
Securitas AB operates under the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). 
History and developments 
1934  
Erik Philip-Sörensen acquires Hälsingborgs Nattvakt in Helsingborg, Sweden. Sörensen acquires 
additional security companies in southern Sweden and combines all companies to form Förenade 
Svenska Vakt AB. 
1942  
A department is started in Stockholm, making the Company nationwide in Sweden. 
1949  
Securitas Alarm is founded in Sweden to meet the demand for alarm technology as a complement 
to the guarding services. 
1972  
The company is renamed to Securitas and the logotype with the three red dots is created. 
1981  
Securitas is divided between Sörensen’s two sons. Securitas in Sweden is sold to Sven Philip-
Sörensen. Securitas’ international operations, which later would become G4S, are sold to Jörgen 
Philip-Sörensen. 
1983  
Securitas in Sweden is sold to Skrinet. 
1985  
Investment AB Latour becomes Securitas’ new owner. 
1987  
Melker Schörling is appointed CEO of Securitas and acquires 17 per cent. of the company. 
1989  
Securitas initiates its international expansion with acquisitions in Norway, Denmark and Portugal. 
1991  
Securitas is listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange (now Nasdaq Stockholm). 
1994  
The former division Assa is spun off and distributed to Securitas’ shareholders, Assa then acquires 
Abloy and is listed as Assa Abloy. 
1999  
The establishment of Securitas in the US starts with the acquisition of Pinkerton.

--- Page 116 ---
108 
2006  
Securitas announces its intention to spin off and distribute three companies to its shareholders; 
Securitas Systems (which later became Niscayah Group), Securitas Direct (which later became 
Verisure) and Securitas Cash Handling Services (which later became Loomis). Both Securitas 
Systems and Securitas Direct are distributed the same year and listed on the Stockholm Stock 
Exchange. 
2008  
The former division Loomis is spun off and distributed to the shareholders and listed as a separate 
company on the Stockholm Stock Exchange. After the spin-off, Securitas’ operations mainly focused 
on guarding services. 
2015  
Securitas acquires Diebold’s North American technology business, which was the Group’s largest 
acquisition in 15 years. 
2018  
Securitas achieves a milestone of over SEK 100,000 million in sales. 
2020  
The COVID-19 pandemic affects companies and individuals worldwide. Despite societal lockdowns, 
including reduced activity in aviation and entertainment, Securitas shows resilience to the 
unprecedented challenges. 
2021  
Securitas announces its largest acquisition in history after entering an agreement to acquire the 
Electronic Security Solutions business (“STANLEY Security”) from Stanley Black & Decker Inc , a 
global technology security provider.  
2022 
The acquisition of STANLEY Security is completed on 22 July 2022, after the Company received 
regulatory approvals from the relevant authorities. 
2023 
Intensive work on the integration of STANLEY Security and the transformation programmes in 
Europe and Ibero-America continued. 
2024 
Securitas reported a record-high operating margin of 7.5 per cent. in the third quarter, being the 
highest so far in the company’s history. 
Business overview  
Over the past few decades, the Group has evolved from being a security services provider with a focus on 
guarding to being a security services provider with capabilities in technology-enabled security solutions. The 
Group’s main service offerings are on-site, mobile and remote guarding, technology, fire and safety and 
corporate risk management. Collectively, these are referred to as the Group’s six protective services.  
Securitas is a global company with most of its business originating from North America and Europe. The 
Group is also present in Latin America, Africa, the Middle East, Asia and Australia. In 2023, the Group’s 
approximately 341,000 employees served a large number of clients (excluding monitoring-only clients) in 44 
markets and various types of industries and client categories. Client categories range from governments, 
airports, logistics, offices and real estate companies, banks, shopping centres, hotels, manufacturing 
industries, mining industries, hospitals and residential areas, to tech and IT companies. The size of the clients 
varies from small local to large global firms.  
A growing global industry 
In 2021, the global market for technology-enabled security services (excluding the market for private 
residences) is estimated to have amounted to USD 63.8 billion8, while the market for guarding services 
amounted to USD 128.1 billion9. Security services are in demand all over the world, in all industries and in 
both the public and private sectors, which means that the Group’s total market is well diversified both from a 
geographical and a business segment perspective. Security needs must be fulfilled so that growth and 
development can prosper. Therefore, the demand for the Group’s services is closely linked to global 
 
8 Omdia, Security Systems Integration – 2022 Analysis, December 2021 and Omdia, Commercial Remote Monitoring Services Report 
2020, June 2020. 
9 The Freedonia Group, Global Security Services, April 2022.

--- Page 117 ---
109 
economic development and social and demographic trends. As the global economy grows and develops, so 
does the Group. Besides general economic growth, the main driving forces for growth in the security services 
industry are: 
 
increased privatisation through the outsourcing of public security services needs to private actors is 
done to control or reduce public spending and, sometimes, to open the market for competition due 
to political decisions;  
 
continued industrialisation and increased global industrial activity leads to investments in factories, 
offices and other workplaces that all have specific security needs especially since social control 
reduces while at the same time people expect open and friendly environments where security is taken 
care of by professionals; moreover the industry works according to just-in-time principles where 
disturbances to the supply chain cannot be afforded;  
 
increased urbanisation leads to a higher population density and greater social differences. and this 
disparity causes social tension and insecurity, creating a need for additional security services; 
 
middle class growth in maturing and developing markets is continuing, and as disposable income 
and net worth rises there is more to protect and more customers that can afford to do so, which fuels 
demand for security services; 
 
infrastructure investments in, for example, real estate, public transport and public logistic hubs create 
a need to safeguard these assets and the flows that goes through these, which increases demand 
for security services; 
 
a heightened sense of terror alert is becoming more widespread globally, increasing demand for 
security consultation and services from both the public and private sectors; and 
 
large scale migration from developing countries into Europe is creating extra demand for private 
security to help ensure the safety and welfare of the migrants and their families. 
Global Market Trends  
The security services industry is evolving in response to various long-term trends. To remain competitive and 
meet client needs, security service providers must adapt to these trends. 
The driving forces for the growth described above also create trends in the various security services 
requested by the Group’s customers. The most important trends in the security services market today are 
technology-driven security, vertical integration of offerings, data-led applications, employee experience and 
productivity, and security across client value chain. 
Technology-driven security 
The increasingly complex security needs of clients are creating demand for complementary technology 
solutions, such as the use of robots, cloud-based security service models, edge computing for video 
surveillance, mobile surveillance units, the use of drones and anti-drones, body cameras and other wearable 
technologies, and biometric technology. 
Vertical integration of offerings 
The focus on integrated security services has increased. 
Data-led applications 
There is an increasing focus on the use of machine learning, AI and predictive analytics, as well as shared 
security services such as Securitas’ Operation Center (“SOC”) as a service. 
Employee experience and productivity 
There is an increasing focus on optimising security officer deployment, investments in training and 
development, virtual security consultations and digital reporting for security officers for higher productivity.

--- Page 118 ---
110 
Security across client value chain 
There is an increasing focus on supply chain security, zero-trust architecture, Internet of Things (IoT) security 
and blockchain in security. 
Others 
There are several other trends in the security market, such as an increasing focus on tailored solutions that 
address localised threats, regulatory compliance, cultural understanding, etc. In addition, there has been a 
shift from reactive to proactive security. Furthermore, there is an increase in the focus on the client 
experience, as well as the specialisation, for example, for a specific industry or group. 
Business segments 
The Group’s business is organised in a flat, decentralised structure with three business segments: Securitas 
North America, Securitas Europe and Securitas Ibero-America. Securitas also has operations in Africa, the 
Middle East, Asia and Australia (“AMEA”), which is not classified as a separate business segment but forms 
its own division. Most of the Group’s sales are generated in North America and Europe. 
As of 3 May 2023, the business segments have been renamed. In addition, the Securitas Critical 
Infrastructure Services business unit has been moved from the business segment Securitas North America 
to Other as of the third quarter 2023. 
Securitas North America 
Securitas North America provides protective services in the US, Canada and Mexico and represented 40 per 
cent. of Group sales as at 31 December 2024. The operations in the US are organised in three specialised 
units - Guarding, Technology Security and Pinkerton Corporate Risk Management. Guarding includes on-
site, mobile and remote guarding and the unit for global and national accounts, as well as Canada and Mexico. 
There are also specialised client segment units, such as aviation, healthcare, manufacturing and oil and gas. 
In total, there are approximately 96,000 employees.  
Securitas Europe 
Securitas Europe provides protective services across Europe with operations in 21 countries. It represented 
43 per cent. of Group sales as at 31 December 2024. The full range of protective services includes on-site, 
mobile and remote guarding, technology, fire and safety services and corporate risk management. In addition, 
there are three specialised units for global clients, technology and security solutions. In total, Securitas 
Europe has approximately 120,000 employees. 
Securitas Ibero-America  
Securitas Ibero-America provides protective services in Spain, Portugal and six Latin American countries and 
represented 9 per cent. of Group sales as at 31 December 2024. The offered services include on-site, mobile 
and remote guarding, technology, fire and safety services and corporate risk management. Securitas Ibero-
America has a combined total of approximately 48,000 employees. 
New Markets 
The Group is growing in new geographical markets to serve its global customers in these regions. The 
countries in these new markets are organised in the AMEA division.  
Strategy 
Securitas’ strategy is to deliver comprehensive, scalable, and innovative security solutions to meet the clients’ 
increasingly complex security needs. The strategy also involves becoming security solutions partner with 
world-leading technology and expertise, and the Group has taken significant industry-changing steps towards 
this goal. Over the last ten years, the Group has gradually enhanced its offering by adding additional security 
services and is now offering a strong and comprehensive portfolio of services. The Group’s sustainability

--- Page 119 ---
111 
strategy supports the overall business strategy, and the Group has ambitious targets for the sustainability 
focus areas. The Group strives to improve its six sustainability focus areas with good working conditions as 
the foundation:  
 
Diversity, equity and inclusion: the Group targets to have more than 20 per cent. female managers 
at all levels by 2025. 
 
Health and safety: The Group has implemented a framework based on the ISO 45001 methodology. 
 
Learning and development: the Group aims for target groups to complete mandatory courses in 
the Group training curriculum within given time frames.  
 
Environment: the Group has committed to reduce absolute scope 1, 2 and 3 greenhouse gas 
emissions with 42 per cent. by the year 2030 from the 2022 base year.  
 
Business ethics: The Group’s compliance programme, which includes business ethics compliance 
functions such as anti-bribery and anti-corruption, competition and anti-trust, data privacy, whistle-
blowing and supply chain risk management, is continuously evolving and evaluated.  
 
Community involvement: The Group collaborates closely with various organisations in the local 
communities where it operates. 
Technology 
Securitas believes that the future of security is built around a combination of global presence, connected 
technology and intelligent use of data. Securitas has over the past few years strengthened its business in 
technology, both organically and through acquisitions of, among others, Techco Security (Spain and 
Portugal), Fredon Security (Australia) and FE Moran Security Solutions (USA). The acquisition of STANLEY 
Security in July 2022, Securitas’ largest acquisition in history, more than doubled Securitas’ business area in 
technology-enabled security services. 
Guarding services  
The Group is one of the leading global providers of security services10 and has grown to expand its presence 
to support its clients where needed across the world. Guarding services accounted for 65 per cent. of the 
Group’s total sales in 2024. Securitas is continuously working to provide high quality guarding services to its 
clients and to maintain the good relations that the Company has established with its clients. In 2024, Securitas 
had a client retention rate of approximately 90 per cent., with a large portion of these clients relating to 
guarding services. 
Creating a global security solutions partner  
Security solutions are combinations of Securitas’ security services such as on-site, mobile, or remote 
guarding, technology, fire and safety and corporate risk management, possibly in combination with software 
and reporting. The combination of guarding and technology-enabled security services, through data collection 
and software, allows for customised services that meet and exceed the clients’ current needs. As such, 
guarding services can be tailored into new solutions for the clients, enabling an improved offering and 
resource efficiency.  
A part of Securitas’ strategy is to grow within security solutions. The Group intends to continue strengthening 
its sales leadership in security solutions and exchange experiences between the Group’s business segments 
to increase sales of security solutions. This will enable Securitas to offer tailor-made security solutions and 
meeting the growing complexity of the clients’ security demands. 
Depending on the security solution offered, Securitas can invest in technology installed at the client’s site, 
adding further value to the clients. Securitas takes full responsibility for on-site installation and renewal or 
maintenance of security equipment, which Securitas believes differentiates its security solutions from the 
 
10 The Freedonia Group, Global Security Services, April 2022.

--- Page 120 ---
112 
competition. To ensure the highest quality and the best choice of technology equipment, the Company has 
general agreements with some of the world’s major suppliers of cameras, sensors and other security 
technologies. Security solutions are provided to a wide range of clients in different sectors, such as aviation, 
construction, data centres, retail, critical infrastructure and manufacturing. 
Leveraging a global platform to drive innovation 
Data-driven innovations are now also changing the services that the Group can offer, giving the Group a 
competitive edge. Investments in the Group’s technology infrastructure and in new competencies are helping 
the Group capture, analyse and respond to data. This increases client value and operational efficiency. At 
SOC, the Group has the ability to gather large amounts of data from camera feeds, sensors, incident reports 
and access controls that can help the Group with real-time detection and better prediction of security 
incidents. 
As a complement to Securitas’ existing value proposal, the Company has launched several smart services. 
In 2021, the Group launched the Risk Prediction application, which helps assess risk at client sites. The 
Group also launched MySecuritas, a digital channel for clients, which makes communication between the 
client, the branch manager and the security officers easier. Furthermore, the Company developed the service 
Mobile Patrol 2.0, an intelligent service that leverages artificial intelligence to offer an insight and 
recommendation service for clients based on existing data. 
Securitas’ security services are managed and coordinated through the SOCs, where operators can quickly 
address their clients’ security needs. Security systems that are installed at client sites are also connected to 
SOCs which serve multiple functions, including receiving alarm activation signals which allow the SOC 
operator to contact the appropriate authorities as necessary (for example local law enforcement, fire brigade 
and Securitas mobile patrol). All of Securitas’ services and solutions are controlled and managed in the SOCs, 
enabling Securitas to deliver support for all its different services centrally. The SOCs work as a centralised 
coordination unit where advanced data is analysed by trained personnel to leverage proven processes and 
strict protocols to deliver optimal client solutions. The information gathered by the Group’s SOCs provide the 
clients with high-quality security along with analytics, analyses and client reports. The SOCs also allow 
Securitas to leverage existing data to increase proactiveness and predictiveness, rather than simply reacting 
to events as they occur. The SOCs seamlessly connect different security solutions, allowing Securitas to 
improve existing security solutions, create new security solutions and expand the security solutions offering. 
Recent developments and important events 
Financial targets  
In connection with the acquisition of STANLEY Security, which was completed on 22 July 2022, the Group 
set new financial targets. 
The new financial targets are aligned with the Group’s strategy to become a partner for security solutions 
with world-leading technology and expertise, well positioned to deliver strong growth and improved margins: 
 
8–10 per cent. average annual exchange-adjusted sales growth11 in security solutions and 
technology. 
 
8 per cent. operating margin12 for the Group until the end of 2025, with the ambition of a long-term 
operating margin of more than 10 per cent. 
 
The target of an operating cash flow13 of 70 to 80 per cent. of operating income before amortisation 
remains unchanged. 
 
Net debt to EBITDA ratio14 under 3.0x.  
 
11 Revenue growth adjusted for changes in the foreign exchange rate. 
12 Operating income before amortisation as a percentage of total sales. 
13 See definition of operating cash flow in the “Statement of cash flow” in the annual and sustainability report of Securitas AB for the year 
ended 31 December 2022, incorporated in the Offering Circular by reference.  
14 Net debt in relation to operating income after amortisation plus amortisation of acquisition-related intangible assets and depreciation.

--- Page 121 ---
113 
Inflation and interest rates 
During the 2022 through 2024, Securitas has been impacted by external factors such as increasing inflation 
and interest rates, as well as disruptions in supply chains caused by changes in the geopolitical environment. 
This impact has continued in the period after 31 December 2024. 
Credit rating 
On 14 February 2024, rating of Securitas AB was upgraded to BBB with stable outlook by S&P Global Ratings 
based on lower leverage and strong cash flow generation. 
Legal and operational structure 
Legal structure  
Securitas AB is the ultimate parent company of the Group, which comprises approximately 342 legal entities 
in approximately 55 jurisdictions. The table below shows the most significant Group companies. Securitas’ 
holdings in associated companies are not deemed to be of significant importance to the Group’s financial 
position or results. 
 
Group company
Country
Shares and voting rights, %
Securitas Sicherheitsdienstleistungen GmbH
Austria
100
Securitas NV
Belgium
100
Securitas Canada Limited
Canada
100
Securitas S.A.
Chile
100
Securitas A/S
Denmark
100
Securitas Oy
Finland
100
Securitas France SARL
France
99.983
Securitas Technology Services SAS
France
99.983
Securitas GmbH Sicherheitsdienste
Germany
100
Securitas Aviation Service GmbH & Co KG
Germany
100
Securitas Sicherheitsdienste GmbH & Co. KG
Germany
100
Securitas Treasury Ireland DAC
Ireland
100
Securitas Group Reinsurance DAC
Ireland
100
Securitas Beveiliging BV
Netherlands
100
Securitas AS
Norway
100
Securitas Servicos e Tecnologia de 
Seguranca SA
Portugal 
100 
Securitas Seguridad España SA
Spain
100
Securitas Sverige AB
Sweden
100
Securitas Intelligent Services AB
Sweden
100
Securitas Technology Sverige AB
Sweden
100
Protectas SA
Switzerland
100
Securitas Güvenlik Hizmetleri A.S.
Turkey
99
Securitas Security Services (UK) Limited
United Kingdom
100
Securitas Security Services USA, Inc.
United States
100
Paragon Systems, Inc.
United States
100
Securitas Electronic Security, Inc.
United States
100
Securitas Critical Infrastructure Services, Inc.
United States
100
Pinkerton Consulting & Investigations Inc.
United States
100
Securitas Technology Corporation
United States
100
Share capital and shareholder structure etc. 
General information  
The shares of Securitas are issued in accordance with Swedish law. Shareholders’ rights, including minority 
shareholders’ rights, which are associated with the shares may only be amended in accordance with the 
procedures specified in the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). The share register of Securitas is maintained 
by Euroclear. 
Securitas’ shares of Series B are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm and traded on other trading venues such as 
BATS Chi-X Europe. Securitas’ shares of Series B are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm Large Cap, with short 
name SECU B.

--- Page 122 ---
114 
Securitas’ Board of Directors has the overall responsibility for its business. The Board of Directors has the 
ultimate responsibility for governance of risk management while the accountability for managing risks and for 
implementing and maintaining control systems in accordance with Group policies is clearly assigned to 
management at divisional and local level of the Group.  
Share capital 
According to Securitas’ currently registered Articles of Association, the share capital shall be not less than 
SEK 300 million and not more than SEK 1,200 million, divided into not less than 300 million shares and not 
more than 1,200 million shares. Securitas has issued shares in two classes; shares of class A and shares of 
class B. Shares of class A may be issued up to a maximum number of 240 million and shares of class B to a 
maximum number of 1,200 million. Each share of class A entitles the holder to ten (10) votes and each share 
of class B entitles the holder to one (1) vote.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company’s registered share capital is SEK 573,392,552, 
represented by 573,392,552 shares (of which 26,938,371 shares of class A and 546,454,181 shares of class 
B), each with a quota value of SEK 1.  
The shares in Securitas have been issued in accordance with Swedish law, are fully paid and denominated 
in SEK. The shares in the Company are freely transferable in accordance with Swedish law. The rights of the 
shareholders may only be changed pursuant to the procedures set out in the Swedish Companies Act or the 
Articles of Association. 
Shareholders and shareholder structure  
The table below sets forth Securitas’ ownership structure as at 31 December 2024 (with known changes 
thereafter). 
 
Shareholder1) 
Shares of class A 
 Shares of class B Total number of shares 
Shares, % 
Votes, % 
Ten largest shareholders 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment AB Latour and 
subsidiaries 
19,866,943 
42,569,9992) 
62,436,942 
10.89 
29.57 
Melker Schörling AB 
7,071,428 
21,753,604 
28,825,032 
5.03 
11.33 
SEB Investment 
Management 
 
21,420,770 
21,420,770 
3.74 
2.63 
Vanguard 
20,086,515 
20,086,515 
3.50 
2.46 
BlackRock 
18,031,391 
18,031,391 
3.17 
2.23 
Incentive AS 
 
15,206,302 
15,206,302 
2.65 
1.86 
Handelsbanken Fonder 
 
13,984,959 
13,984,959 
2.44 
1.71 
Macquarie Investment 
Management Limited 
12,500,000 
12,500,000 
2.18 
1.53 
Cliens Fonder 
 
11,721,000 
11,721,000 
2.04 
1.44 
M&G Investment 
Management 
 
9,775,395 
9,775,395 
1.79 
1.26 
Total ten largest 
shareholders 
26,938,371 
187,049,935 
213,988,306 
37.44 
56.02 
Other shareholders 
358,929,246 
358,929,246 
62.48 
43.98 
Treasury shares held by 
Securitas 
 
475,000 
475,000 
0.08 
Total  
26,938,371 
546,454,181 
573,392,552 
100.0 
100.0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1) The information about shareholders is based on information from Euroclear Sweden and Modular Finance, which may result in 
nominees being included and that the actual owners are therefore not stated. 
2) Including holdings of closely related persons and affiliated companies.

--- Page 123 ---
115 
As at 31 December 2024 and the date of this Base Prospectus Securitas held 475,000 treasury shares of 
class B (each with a quota value of SEK 1), corresponding to 0.08 per cent. of the shares in the Company. 
Treasury shares may, pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act, not be represented at general meetings and 
may, pursuant to the Swedish Annual Accounts Act (Sw. årsredovisningslagen (1995:1554)), not be included 
as an asset in the Company’s balance sheet. 
Shareholder agreements and pre-emption rights in respect of shares of Series A  
Between Douglas and Schörling families, who control 29.57 per cent. and 11.33 per cent., respectively, of 
the votes in the Company, directly or via companies or related parties, there is since 2000 a shareholders’ 
agreement according to which the parties intend to coordinate their acting with regard to, for example, the 
composition of the Board of Directors, the Company’s dividend policy, decisions on amendments to the 
Articles of Association, share capital changes, material acquisitions or divestments and the appointment of 
the CEO. The agreement also contains a pre-emptive right in the event of either party selling shares of class 
A. 
Board of Directors and Group Management 
Board of Directors 
According to Securitas’ Articles of Association, the Board of Directors shall be comprised of not less than five 
and not more than ten members, with no more than two deputies, elected by the shareholders at the General 
Meeting. In addition and as required by law, employee organisations are entitled to appoint employee 
representatives. As at the date of this Offering Circular, the Board of Directors comprises eight members 
elected at the Annual General Meeting 2024 for a term of office extending until the close of the Annual General 
Meeting 2025 and three members and one deputy member appointed by employee organisations. 
Jan Svensson 
Chair, born 1956. 
Chair of Securitas AB since 2021. 
Principal education: Degree in Mechanical Engineering and Master of Science in Business and Economics. 
Other assignments: Chair of Fagerhult Group AB and Billerud Aktiebolag (publ). Director of Herenco 
Aktiebolag. 
Previously: President and CEO of Investment AB Latour 2003-2019 and CEO of AB Sigfried Stenberg. 
Director of Stena Metall AB and Chair of Nobia AB. 
Shares in Securitas: 92,928 Series B shares. 
Åsa Bergman 
Born 1967. 
Director of Securitas AB since 2023. 
Principal education: MSc Civil Engineering. 
Other assignments: President and CEO (and Director) of Sweco AB (publ). Chair of SWECO Sverige Holding 
AB, SWECO Central Europe AB and SWECO Sverige AB. Director of Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA. 
Previously: Various senior positions within Sweco Group. Director of Persson Invest AB and Swegon Group 
AB. 
Shares in Securitas: 3,014 Series B shares. 
John Brandon 
Born 1956.

--- Page 124 ---
116 
Director of Securitas AB since 2017. 
Principal education: Bachelor of Arts in History. 
Other assignments: Director of Hexagon AB. 
Previously: Vice President of Apple International. Vice President of Apple Americas and Asia. President and 
CEO of Academic Systems. 
Shares in Securitas: 10,000 Series B shares. 
Fredrik Cappelen 
Born 1957. 
Director of Securitas AB since 2008. 
Principal education: BSc in Business Administration. 
Other assignments: Chair of Hotel Diplomat AB, Scienta Scientific Aktiebolag, Scienta Scientific Holding AB, 
Dometic Group AB, Transom Holding AB, Transcom TopCo AB, Transcom TopCo II AB, Laedi BidCo AB, 
Laedi TopCo AB, and Eterna Invest AB. Director of Baskina Invest AB, Fredro Fastigheter AB, Bodarna på 
Kallskär AB, Baskina AB and Strandro Fastigheter AB. Deputy of Annro AB. Member of the ICC Executive 
Board. 
Previously: President and Group Chief Executive of Nobia, Chair of Dustin Group AB, Byggmax Group AB, 
Terveystalo Oy, KonfiDents GmbH and Sanitec Oy, Vice-Chair of Munksjö AB, Rossignol SA and Zacco A/S. 
Shares in Securitas: 94,885 Series B shares. 
Gunilla Fransson 
Born 1960. 
Director of Securitas AB since 2021. 
Principal education: MSc in Engineering and Licentiate in Nuclear Science. 
Other assignments: Director of Trelleborg AB, Henry Dunkers Förvaltningsaktiebolag and Nederman Holding 
Aktiebolag. Deputy of Glemminge-Tågarp Konsultbyrå AB. 
Previously: Part of Group Management team in Saab AB and different management positions in Ericsson 
AB. Chair of Net Insight AB. Director of Weibel Scientific A/S, Eltel AB and Dunkerintressenterna . 
Shares in Securitas: 3,142 Series B shares. 
Sofia Schörling Högberg 
Born 1978. 
Director of Securitas AB since 2005. 
Principal education: BSc in Economics and Business Administration. 
Other assignments: Chair of Mexab Industri AB and Schörling Fastighets AB. Director Hexagon Aktiebolag, 
ASSA ABLOY AB, Edeby-Ripsa Skogsförvaltning Aktiebolag, Melker Schörling AB, Melker Schörling Tjänste 
AB, Mexab Holding AB and Sohold AB. 
Shares in Securitas: 7,071,428 Series A shares and 21,761,146 Series B shares through family and Melker 
Schörling AB. In addition to shareholdings, Sofia Schörling Högberg holds, through Melker Schörling AB, 
Securitas’ bonds to the nominal value of EUR 5 000 000 and EUR 6 000 000 (ISIN XS2607381436 and ISIN 
XS2771418097). 
Harry Klagsbrun 
Born 1954.

--- Page 125 ---
117 
Director of Securitas AB since 2021. 
Principal education: BA in Journalism, MSc in Business and an MBA. 
Other assignments: Chair of Harmerica Properties AB. Director of Harkla AB, Harmar AB, Heqta Holding AB, 
Fastighets AB Södermalm 7:85, Ailongam Holdco AB, Fastighets AB TEALHA and Bostadsrättsföreningen 
Djursbord 11. Deputy of Harmar Luthagen Fastighets AB and Bust AB. Senior Advisor at EQT AB. 
Previously: Partner at EQT AB. Director of DUNI AB, Securitas Direct AB, Academedia AB, Gambro AB, 
Dako A/S, ISS A/S, Dometic Group AB, Piab AB, and Press Ganey Inc. 
Shares in Securitas: 157,142 Series B shares. 
Johan Menckel 
Born 1971. 
Director of Securitas AB since 2021. 
Principal education: MSc in Engineering. 
Other assignments: Executive Vice Precident and Chief Investment Officer at Investment AB Latour, Chair 
of Bemsiq AB, Nederman Holding Aktiebolag, Nord-Lock International AB, Swegon Group AB and CTEK AB 
(publ). Director of Latour Industries AB and SAAB Aktiebolag. Deputy of The Menckels AB and Erik Menckel 
AB. 
Previously: CEO at Gränges AB and Sapa Heat Transfer. Consultant at Accenture and founder of 
addnature.com. Director of World Materials Forum France. 
Shares in Securitas: 15,714 Series B shares. 
Employee representatives 
Åse Hjelm 
Born 1962. 
Director of Securitas AB since 2008. 
Employee representative, Vice-Chair of Salaried Employees’ Union local branch, Norrland, Chair of the 
Securitas Council for Salaried Employees. 
Shares in Securitas: 120 Series B shares. 
Jan Prang 
Born 1959. 
Director of Securitas AB since 2008. 
Employee representative, Chair of Swedish Transport Workers’ Union local branch, Securitas Göteborg. 
Shares in Securitas: 1,100 Series B shares. 
Mikael Persson 
Born 1966. 
Director of Securitas AB since 2021. 
Employee representative, Chair of Swedish Transport Workers’ Union local branch, Securitas Värmland. 
Shares in Securitas: 0 Series B shares. 
Group Management

--- Page 126 ---
118 
Magnus Ahlqvist 
President and CEO of Securitas AB. 
Born 1974. 
Employed: 2015. 
Shares in Securitas: 500,335 Series B shares. 
Andreas Lindback 
Chief Financial Officer. 
Employed: 2011. 
Shares in Securitas: 38,799 Series B shares. 
Hillevi Agranius 
Chief Information Officer. 
Employed: 2019. 
Shares in Securitas: 13,727 Series B shares. 
Martin Althén 
President, Securitas Digital. 
Employed: 2016. 
Shares in Securitas: 58,689 Series B shares. 
Helena Andreas 
Chief Human Resources Officer and Chief Marketing Officer. 
Employed: 2019. 
Shares in Securitas: 27,263 Series B shares. 
Tony Byerly 
Global President, Securitas Technology. 
Employed: 2016. 
Shares in Securitas: 71,159 Series B shares. 
Jorge Couto 
Divisional President, Securitas North America. 
Employed: 1998. 
Shares in Securitas: 61,358 Series B shares. 
Zacarías Erimias 
Divisional President, Securitas Ibero-America. 
Employed: 2001. 
Shares in Securitas: 76,879 Series B shares.

--- Page 127 ---
119 
Brian Riis Nielsen 
President Global Clients. 
Employed: 2002. 
Shares in Securitas: 22,148 Series B shares. 
Frida Rosenholm 
Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Group Legal, Risk, Business Ethics and Sustainability. 
Employed: 2018. 
Shares in Securitas: 32,354 Series B shares. 
Axel Sundén 
Divisional president, AMEA. 
Employed: 2012. 
Shares in Securitas: 16,107 Series B shares. 
Henrik Zetterberg 
Divisional president, Securitas Europe. 
Employed: 2014. 
Shares in Securitas: 50,326 Series B shares. 
No member of the Board of Directors or the Group Management has any private interests or other duties 
which might conflict with their duties carried out on behalf of Securitas. 
All members of the Board of Directors and Group Management can be reached through the Company’s 
address PO Box 12 307 (Lindhagensplan 70), 102 28 Stockholm, Sweden. 
The Board of Directors’ working procedures  
The Board of Directors is responsible for the organisation and management of Securitas and the Group in 
accordance with the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551), and is responsible for appointing the President and 
CEO as well as the audit committee and the remuneration committee. The Board of Directors is also 
responsible for decisions on salaries and other remuneration for the President and the CEO. The Board of 
Directors convenes at least six times per year. Securitas’ auditors attend the board meeting in connection 
with the finalisation of the annual report. The Board of Directors ensures the quality of the financial report 
through a series of Group policies, rules of procedure, frameworks, clear structures with well-defined 
responsibility areas and documented authorisations, which are described in the report of internal control. The 
Board of Director’s activities and the distribution of responsibilities between the Board of Directors and the 
senior executives is regulated by the board’s rules of procedure, documented in written form and approved 
by the Board of Directors each year after the annual general meeting. 
Committees 
The Board of Directors has two process committees: the remuneration committee and the audit committee. 
Remuneration Committee  
The Board has established and appointed a Remuneration Committee to prepare decisions related to 
salaries, bonuses, share-based incentive schemes and other forms of compensation for Group Management, 
as well as other management levels if the Board of Directors so decides. The Remuneration Committee’s 
tasks include preparing the Board of Directors’ decision to propose guidelines for remuneration to the senior

--- Page 128 ---
120 
management. The Committee also monitors and evaluates programmes for variable remuneration for the 
senior management, the application of the guidelines for remuneration to senior management as well as the 
current remuneration structures and compensation levels in Securitas. The members of the Committee are 
independent of the Company and its senior management. The CEO and other members of the senior 
management do not participate in the Board of Directors’ processing of and resolutions regarding 
remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters. 
The Remuneration Committee currently consists of the board members Jan Svensson (Chair) and Gunilla 
Fransson.  
Audit Committee 
The Board of Directors has established and appointed an Audit Committee, which operates under the 
instructions for the Audit Committee and meets with Securitas’ auditors at least four times per year. The 
Committee monitors the financial reporting, the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting, 
internal audit activities and the risk management system to support the Board’s quality control work. The 
Committee also stays informed about annual statutory audits. It assesses the external auditor’s 
independence and receives information on and approves the performance of significant non-audit services. 
The Audit Committee currently consists of the board members Fredrik Cappelen (Chair), Åsa Bergman and 
Johan Menckel. 
Disputes and other legal matters  
Disputes 
Brazil – Estrela Azul 
In connection with the efforts of Securitas to expand its activities in Latin America, Securitas entered into an 
agreement in 2005 with respect to the possible acquisition of a guarding company in Brazil, Estrela Azul (the 
“EA Group”). The governmental approvals took much longer than anticipated to obtain and during such period 
the financial condition of the EA Group substantially deteriorated. Given this decline, Securitas exercised its 
right to withdraw from the acquisition in December 2006.  
The companies within the EA Group filed for protection from its creditors under Brazilian legislation in 2007, 
providing for a judicial restructuring process. The companies within the EA Group were declared bankrupt in 
2009 and the restructuring process was replaced by bankruptcy proceedings. The bankruptcy process 
continues to be led by the trustee in the bankruptcy court. Various attempts by the trustee to increase the 
liability of Securitas in the bankruptcy has been vigorously rejected. 
The EA Group in bankruptcy has asserted claims against Securitas in the bankruptcy court trying to extend 
liability to Securitas for the bankruptcy and the claims in the bankruptcy. The estate has not quantified its 
claims. The cases are slowly moving through the Brazilian legal system.  
The EA Group in bankruptcy also asserted a claim of 314 million Brazilian reals, which as of 31 December 
2024, was equivalent to SEK 557 million, in the civil court against Securitas, alleging that Securitas is 
responsible for the company’s financial failure. Securitas denies all allegations. In a decision by the first 
instance court in Brazil, the case was fully rejected. The judgment was appealed by the bankruptcy estate to 
the Brazilian Court of Appeal and the Court of Appeal decided on formal grounds to nullify the judgment and 
to remand the case to the first instance court for retrial (and production of evidence). The retrial has since 
moved slowly through the Brazilian legal system and after further delays due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 
first instance court ruled in March 2024 fully in favour of Securitas. The bankruptcy estate since appealed the 
judgment to the Court of Appeal, where the case is currently handled. Securitas has maintained its previous 
position in respect of the claims. 
In addition, several former employees of the EA Group have sued Securitas and other parties in labour courts 
and claimed, inter alia, wages and other compensations. The number of labour law cases involving Securitas

--- Page 129 ---
121 
has continued to decrease and the claimed amounts are in average relatively low. Securitas denies all 
responsibility for such labour claims. 
Spain – tax audit 
The Spanish tax authority has, in connection with an audit of Securitas Spain in 2014, challenged certain 
interest payments and decided to reject interest deductions made for the financial years 2008–2009.  
The Spanish National Court, Audiencia Nacional, issued their judgment in October 2023 regarding the years 
2008-2010, implying that all challenged interest deductions for the years 2008 – 2009 were allowed. The 
resolution has gained legal force, and the exposure has ceased.  
Further, in 2014 the tax authority decided to reject a deduction for a currency related liquidation loss in the 
financial year 2010, relating to a company that was acquired in 2004.  
The Spanish National Court, Audiencia Nacional, issued their resolution in October 2023 that was negative. 
Securitas requested leave to be able to appeal the case to the Spanish Supreme Court, which was recently 
granted. 
If finally upheld by the Supreme Court, the resolution by the Spanish tax authority regarding the liquidation 
loss would result in a tax of EUR 20.3 million, equivalent to SEK 224 million, including interest up to 31 
December 2023 (as of 31 December 2022, this exposure was estimated to be EUR 19.8 million, equivalent 
at that time to SEK 220 million). 
Securitas believes it has acted in accordance with applicable law and will defend its position in the Supreme 
Court. However, the tax resolution causes some uncertainty, and it may take several years until a final 
judgment will be received. 
Spain – Mutua 
Securitas in Spain has received a claim of EUR 6.3 million from the social security authorities relating to 
services allegedly received from Mutua Universal in the period 1998 to 2007. The authorities are questioning 
whether such services, in such case, were allowed to be provided under applicable regulations. This is a 
consequence of a lawsuit against some of Mutua Universal’s former employees. Securitas is affected, as are 
over 2,000 other companies, as an indirect beneficiary of the services rendered. Securitas is convinced that 
the Company has acted in accordance with applicable law. 
United States – Government investigation 
The U.S. Government is conducting an investigation into Paragon Systems, Inc, a U.S.-based subsidiary 
operating under a proxy agreement as required by the U.S. authorities to be eligible for U.S. Government 
business. The investigation relates to alleged misconduct by certain former employees and to Paragon’s 
relationship with various small business entities which were a direct or indirect party to contracts with the U.S. 
Government starting around 2012. Paragon is cooperating fully with the investigation. 
Securitas provided a provision of USD 53 million in the third quarter of 2024 related to this investigation. On 
14 November 2024, it was announced that a settlement was concluded at USD 52 million. In addition, other 
costs related to the investigation totals approximately USD 1 million. The settlement amount will be paid in 
2025.

--- Page 130 ---
122 
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITAS TREASURY IRELAND DESIGNATED ACTIVITY COMPANY 
In this section, the “Group” refers to the group in which Securitas AB (publ) is the parent company. 
General 
Securitas Treasury Ireland Designated Activity Company (“STI”) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Securitas AB. 
STI is a limited liability company duly incorporated under the laws of Ireland on 6 December 1989. STI is 
registered as a designated activity company limited by shares, that is to say a private company limited by shares 
registered under Part 16 of the Irish Companies Act, 2014 with the Irish Registrar of companies under Number 
152440. STI’s registered address is International House, 3 Harbourmaster Place, IFSC, Dublin 1, Ireland. The 
telephone number of the office is +353 1 4350100. As at 31 December 2021, the authorised share capital of 
STI amounted to 30,000,000 Ordinary Shares of SEK 10 each and issued and fully paid share capital of 
210,754,700, split into 11,250,000 Ordinary Shares SEK 10 each and 9,825,470 Redeemable Ordinary Shares 
of SEK 10 each. STI is part of the Group’s treasury organisation and, in its role as internal bank of the Group, it 
is dependent on the performance of the other Group companies to which it provides finance. 
STI’s board of directors has the overall responsibility for its business. The board ensures that its management 
establishes and maintains an efficient system to plan and control the operations and risks of STI, as well as the 
compliance with regulatory requirements by STI. The risk policy established by the board sets out guidelines 
and quantitative limits for managing credit risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and market risk. 
Business 
STI, via its group treasury centre function (GTC) supports the Group by providing treasury and financial services 
to Securitas AB and other Group Companies, including cash management, lending to and borrowing from 
companies within the Group, international cash pooling and foreign exchange hedging, group liquidity/debt 
management, interest rate risk management, management of banking and rating agency relationships. 
Consolidated financial management offers better potential to utilise the Group’s financial resources and 
professionally manage risks related to financial management. STI’s operations are carried out according to 
centrally determined risk mandates and limits designed to minimise the credit, currency, interest rate and 
liquidity risks to which the Group is exposed. These risks and the manner in which the Group handles them are 
presented on pages 23-24 under the heading “Financial risks” in this Base Prospectus and in the Group Annual 
and Sustainability Report 2021 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” herein). 
Management of STI 
Audrey Deng  
 
Managing Director of STI and Group Treasurer of Securitas AB 
Anne Fitzgerald  
Director, Financial and Operations Controller 
Board of Directors of STI 
The constitution of STI states that the number of directors, from time to time, shall be not less than two and not 
more than ten; the directors of the company however appointed, shall not be required to retire at any annual 
general meeting; STI may, by way of an ordinary resolution remove a director before the expiration of his period 
of office notwithstanding any agreement between STI and that director. The directors are: 
Andreas Lindback 
Chief Financial Officer, Securitas AB 
Audrey Deng 
 
Managing Director of STI and Group Treasurer of Securitas AB 
Anne Fitzgerald  
Director, Financial and Operations Controller 
The business address of Mr. Lindback is Lindhagensplan 70, SE-102 28 Stockholm, Sweden. 
The business address of Ms Deng and Ms Fitzgerald is International House, 3 Harbourmaster Place, IFSC, 
Dublin 1, Ireland.

--- Page 131 ---
123 
STI is not aware of any actual or potential conflicts of interest between the duties to STI of the persons listed 
above in the sections “Management of STI” and “Board of Directors of STI” and their private interests or other 
duties.

--- Page 132 ---
124 
TAXATION 
The statements below are of a general nature and are based on certain aspects of current tax laws, 
regulations, rulings and decisions now in effect, all of which are subject to change. The comments relate to 
the position of persons (other than Dealers) who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Notes and interest 
thereon but are not exhaustive and may not apply to certain classes of persons. Neither such statements nor 
any other statements in this Base Prospectus are to be regarded as advice on the tax position of any 
Noteholder or any person purchasing, selling or otherwise dealing in Notes. Prospective holders of Notes 
and Noteholders who are in doubt about their tax position should consult their own professional advisers. 
Sweden  
The following summary outlines certain Swedish income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of Notes and is based on the Swedish tax laws in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The summary does not address all potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be applicable to a potential 
investor in the Notes and the summary is neither intended to be, nor should be construed as, legal or tax 
advice. A potential investor in the Notes should therefore consult with its own tax advisor as to the Swedish 
or foreign tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Notes. Certain categories of 
investors may also be exempt from income tax and/or subject to other specific tax regimes. 
(i) 
Non-resident Holders of Notes 
As used herein, a “Non-resident Holder” means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not 
a resident of Sweden for tax purposes and who has no connection to Sweden other than his/her 
investment in the Notes, or (b) an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden. 
Under Swedish tax law, payments of principal or interest to a Non-resident Holder of Notes will not 
be subject to Swedish income tax unless such Non-resident Holder of Notes carries on a trade or 
business through a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the payment of principal or interest 
is attributable. 
Swedish tax law does not impose withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a Non-
resident Holder of Notes. 
Under Swedish tax law, a capital gain on a sale of Notes by a Non-resident Holder will not be subject 
to Swedish income tax unless the Non-resident Holder of Notes carries on a trade or business in 
Sweden through a permanent establishment to which the capital gain is attributable. 
Private individuals who are not resident in Sweden for tax purposes may be liable to capital gains 
taxation in Sweden upon disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, depending on the 
classification of the particular financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes, if they have been 
resident in Sweden or have lived permanently in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of 
disposal or redemption or the ten calendar years preceding the year of disposal or redemption. This 
liability may, however, be limited by tax treaties between Sweden and other countries. 
(ii) 
Resident Holders of Notes 
As used herein, a “Resident Holder” means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident 
of Sweden for tax purposes, or (b) an entity organised under the laws of Sweden. 
In general, payment of any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to a 
Resident Holder of Notes will be subject to Swedish income tax. A Resident Holder of Notes will also 
be subject to Swedish income tax on any capital gain on the sale of Notes. Redemption of Notes is 
treated as a sale of Notes. Amortisation of principal is not otherwise subject to Swedish income tax. 
Swedish tax law does not impose withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a Resident 
Holder of Notes. However, preliminary income tax is withheld on payments of interest to individuals 
and estates of deceased individuals.

--- Page 133 ---
125 
Ireland 
The following is a summary based on the laws and practices currently in force in Ireland regarding the tax 
position of investors beneficially owning their Notes and should be treated with appropriate caution. Particular 
rules may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Notes. The summary does not constitute tax or legal 
advice and the comments below are of a general nature only. Prospective investors in the Notes should 
consult their professional advisors on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the 
Notes and the receipt of interest thereon under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the anticipated tax treatment in Ireland summarised below may 
change. 
Withholding Taxes 
In general, withholding tax at the rate of 20 per cent. must be deducted from payments of yearly interest that 
are within the charge to Irish tax, which would include those made by an Irish resident company. There are 
exemptions from this general withholding tax obligation in Ireland’s domestic tax legislation, some of which 
are detailed below in parts (A), (B) and (C) of this Withholding Taxes section. 
Outbound payments defensive measures 
As part of Finance (No.2) Act 2023, Ireland has introduced new legislative measures, which will apply 
withholding tax, or dis-apply existing domestic withholding tax exemptions, to certain Irish source outbound 
payments of interest. This new legislation is effective from 1 January 2024. To be in scope, the interest 
payment must be made by a company to an “associated entity” (further detail below) that is resident in a 
“specified territory”. In this context, a “specified territory” is defined as (i) a territory that is on Annex I of the 
EU list of non-cooperative jurisdictions or (ii) a zero-tax or no-tax territory. A specified territory cannot be 
another EU or EEA country.  
As noted above, the new measures can only apply to payments made by a company to an “associated entity”. 
Two entities will be associated if there is more than a 50% relationship in terms of share capital (or ownership 
interests in the case of an entity which does not have share capital) voting power or entitlement to profits. 
Two entities will also be associated in cases where one entity has “definite influence in the management of” 
the other entity, or where the two entities are both associated entities of another entity. In this context, one 
entity (herein referred to as ‘the first-mentioned entity’) shall be considered to have definite influence in the 
management of another entity (herein referred to as ‘the second-mentioned entity’) where the first-mentioned 
entity has the ability to participate, on the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the second-
mentioned entity, in the financial and operating policy decisions of the second-mentioned entity, where that 
ability causes, or could cause, the affairs of the second-mentioned entity to be conducted in accordance with 
the wishes of the first-mentioned entity. 
Subject to all Noteholders being either: (i) not an “associated entity” of the Issuer, or (ii) not resident in a 
“specified territory”, the Issuer will not be obliged to make a withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish 
income tax from a payment of interest on a Note so long as the interest paid on the relevant Note falls within 
one of the following categories. 
(A) 
Interest paid on a quoted Eurobond 
Section 64 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland (“TCA”) provides for the payment of interest in 
respect of quoted Eurobonds without deduction of tax in certain circumstances. A “quoted Eurobond” is 
defined in Section 64 TCA as a security which: 
(a) 
is issued by a company; 
(b) 
is quoted on a recognised stock exchange (Euronext Dublin is a recognised stock exchange for this 
purpose); and 
(c) 
carries a right to interest. 
There is no obligation to withhold tax on quoted Eurobonds where: 
(a) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland; or

--- Page 134 ---
126 
(b) 
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland, and 
(i) 
the quoted Eurobond is held in a recognised clearing system (Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are recognised clearing systems); or 
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the quoted Eurobond and who is beneficially entitled 
to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made an appropriate written declaration to 
this effect to a relevant person (such as a paying agent located in Ireland). 
Thus, so long as the Notes to be issued by the Issuer continue to be quoted on a recognised stock exchange 
and are held in a recognised clearing system, the payment of interest in respect of such Notes should be 
capable of being made without withholding tax, regardless of where the Noteholder is resident (subject to the 
application of the new defensive measures on certain outbound payments summarised above). In addition to 
the general exclusions detailed above, the new legislation on outbound payments defensive measures 
includes a specific exclusion for payments of interest on quoted Eurobonds where it is reasonable to consider 
that the company making the interest payments is not, and should not be, aware that the interest is payable 
to an associated entity (as defined).  
(B)  
Interest paid on a wholesale debt instrument 
A “wholesale debt instrument” includes commercial paper (as defined in Section 246A(1) TCA). In that context 
“commercial paper” means a debt instrument, either in physical or electronic form, relating to money in any 
currency, which is issued by a company, recognises an obligation to pay a stated amount, carries a right to 
interest or is issued at a discount or at a premium, and matures within 2 years. The exemption from Irish 
withholding tax applies if: 
(i) 
the wholesale debt instrument is held in a recognised clearing system (which includes 
Clearstream, DTC and Euroclear); and 
(ii) 
the wholesale debt instrument is of an approved denomination; and in this context an 
approved denomination means a denomination of not less than: 
(A) 
in the case of an instrument denominated in euro, €500,000; 
(B) 
in the case of an instrument denominated in United States Dollars, $500,000; or 
(C) 
in the case of an instrument denominated in a currency other than euro or United 
States Dollars, the equivalent in that other currency of €500,000 (using the 
conversion rate applicable at the time the programme under which the instrument is 
to be issued is first publicised). 
In addition to the general exclusions detailed above, the new legislation on outbound payments defensive 
measures includes a specific exclusion for payments of interest on wholesale debt instruments where it is 
reasonable to consider that the company making the interest payments is not, and should not be, aware that 
the interest is payable to an associated entity (as defined).  
(C) 
Interest paid in the ordinary course of business to certain non-Irish resident companies 
Section 246 TCA provides an exemption in respect of interest payments made by a company in the ordinary 
course of a trade or business carried on by it to a company (i) which, by virtue of the law of a relevant territory, 
is resident in the relevant territory for the purposes of tax, and that relevant territory imposes a tax that 
generally applies to interest receivable in that territory by companies from sources outside that territory, or 
(ii) where the interest is either (A) exempted from the charge to income tax under arrangements made with 
the government of a territory outside Ireland having the force of law under procedures set out in Section 
826(1) TCA, or (B) would be exempted from the charge to income tax if arrangements made, on or before 
the date of payment of the interest with the government of a territory outside Ireland that do not have force of 
law under procedures set out in Section 826(1) TCA, had the force of law when the interest was paid, except 
in each case at (i) or (ii) where the interest is paid to the company in connection with a trade or business 
carried on in Ireland by that company through a branch or agency. 
A “relevant territory” is (a) a Member State of the European Union other than Ireland; (b) not being such a 
Member State, a territory with which Ireland has a signed a double taxation agreement that is in effect; or (c)

--- Page 135 ---
127 
a territory with the government of which arrangements have been made which on completion of the 
procedures set out in Section 826(1) TCA will have the force of law. 
(D) 
Short interest 
Short interest is interest payable on a debt for a fixed period that is not intended to exceed and, in fact, does 
not exceed, 365 days. The test is a commercial test applied to the commercial intent of each series of Notes 
issued under the Programme. For example, if there is an arrangement or understanding (whether legally 
binding or not) for the relevant series of Notes (or particular Note within a series) to have a life of 365 days 
or more, the interest paid on the relevant Note(s) will not be short interest and, unless an exemption applies, 
a withholding will arise. 
For other holders of Notes, interest may be paid free of withholding tax if the Noteholder is resident in a 
double tax treaty country and under the provisions of the relevant treaty with Ireland such Noteholder is 
exempt from Irish tax on the interest and clearance in the prescribed form has been received by the Issuer 
before the interest is paid. 
Encashment Tax 
In certain circumstances (e.g. in the case of quoted Eurobonds), Irish tax will be required to be withheld at 
the current rate of 25 per cent. from interest on any Note, where such interest is collected or realised by a 
bank or encashment agent in Ireland on behalf of any Noteholder. There is an exemption from encashment 
tax where the beneficial owner of the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to this 
effect in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank. 
Income Tax 
In general, persons who are resident in Ireland are liable to Irish taxation on their world-wide income whereas 
persons who are not resident in Ireland are only liable to Irish taxation on their Irish source income. All persons 
are under a statutory obligation to account for Irish tax on a self-assessment basis and there is no requirement 
for the Irish Revenue Commissioners to issue or raise an assessment. 
Interest paid on the Notes has an Irish source and therefore interest earned on such Notes will be regarded 
as Irish source income. Accordingly, pursuant to general Irish tax rules, a non-Irish resident person in receipt 
of such income would be technically liable to Irish income tax (and the universal social charge if received by 
an individual) subject to the provisions of any applicable double tax treaty. Ireland currently has 73 double 
tax treaties in effect and the majority of them exempt interest from Irish tax when received by a resident of 
the other jurisdiction. Credit is available for any Irish tax withheld from income on account of the related 
income tax liability. Non-Irish resident companies, where the income is not attributable to a branch or agency 
of the company in Ireland, are subject to income tax at the standard rate. Therefore, any withholding tax 
suffered should be equal to and in satisfaction of the full income tax liability. (Non-Irish resident companies 
operating in Ireland through a branch or agency of the company in Ireland to which the income is attributable 
would be subject to Irish corporation tax). 
There is an exemption from Irish income tax under Section 198 TCA in certain circumstances. These 
circumstances include: 
(a) 
where the interest is paid by a company in the ordinary course of a trade or business carried on by it 
to a company (i) which is not resident in Ireland and which, by virtue of the law of a relevant territory, 
is resident in the relevant territory for the purposes of tax, and that relevant territory imposes a tax 
that generally applies to interest receivable in that territory by companies from sources outside that 
territory, or (ii) where the interest is either (A) exempted from the charge to income tax under 
arrangements made with the government of a territory outside Ireland having the force of law under 
procedures set out in Section 826(1) TCA, or (B) would be exempted from the charge to income tax 
if arrangements made, on or before the date of payment of the interest with the government of a 
territory outside Ireland that do not have force of law under procedures set out in Section 826(1) TCA, 
had the force of law when the interest was paid; 
(b) 
where the interest is payable on a quoted Eurobond or a wholesale debt instrument (see “Withholding 
Taxes” above) and is paid by a company to a person who is not resident in Ireland and is resident in 
a relevant territory (residence to be determined under the laws of that relevant territory) or to a 
company not resident in Ireland which is under the control, whether directly or indirectly, of a

--- Page 136 ---
128 
person/persons who by virtue of the law of a relevant territory is/are resident in a relevant territory 
(residence to be determined under the laws of that relevant territory) and is/are not under the control 
of person(s) who are not so resident, or to a company not resident in Ireland where the principal class 
of shares of the company or its 75 per cent. parent is substantially and regularly traded on a 
recognised stock exchange; or 
(c) 
where discounts arise to a person in respect of securities issued by a company in the ordinary course 
of a trade or business, where that person is not resident in Ireland and is resident in a relevant territory 
(residence to be determined under the laws of that relevant territory). 
Interest that is exempt from income tax under any of these exemptions is also exempt from the universal 
social charge. 
Interest on the Notes which do not fall within the above exemptions are within the charge to Irish income tax 
(and the universal social charge in the case of a Noteholder who is an individual) to the extent that a double 
tax treaty does not exempt the interest or discount as the case may be. However, it is understood that the 
Irish Revenue Commissioners have, in the past, operated a practice (as a consequence of the absence of a 
collection mechanism rather than adopted policy) whereby no action will be taken to pursue any liability to 
such Irish tax in respect of persons who are regarded as not being resident in Ireland except where such 
persons: 
(i) 
are chargeable in the name of a person (including a trustee) or in the name of an agent or branch in 
Ireland having the management or control of the interest; or 
(ii) 
seek to claim relief and/or repayment of tax deducted at source in respect of taxed income from Irish 
sources; or 
(iii) 
are chargeable to Irish corporation tax on the income of an Irish branch or agency or to income tax 
on the profits of a trade carried on in Ireland to which the interest is attributable. 
There can be no assurance that the Irish Revenue Commissioners will apply this practice in the case of the 
holders of Notes and, as mentioned above, there is a statutory obligation to account for Irish tax on a self-
assessment basis and there is no requirement for the Irish Revenue Commissioners to issue or raise an 
assessment. 
Capital Gains Tax 
A holder of a Note will not be subject to Irish taxes on capital gains (at a current rate of 33 per cent.) provided 
that: (i) such holder is neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland; (ii) in the case of a company, such 
company does not carry on a trade in Ireland through a branch or agency to which the Notes are attributable; 
or (iii) the Notes do not cease to be listed on a stock exchange in circumstances where the Notes derive their 
value or the greater part of their value from Irish real estate, mineral rights or exploration rights. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
If the Notes are comprised in a gift or inheritance taken from an Irish resident or ordinarily resident disponer 
or if the disponer’s successor is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland, or if any of the Notes are regarded 
as property situate in Ireland, the disponer’s successor (primarily), or the disponer, may be liable to Irish 
Capital Acquisitions Tax (at a current rate of 33 per cent.). The Notes, if in registered definitive form, would 
be regarded as property situate in Ireland if the principal register of the Notes is maintained in Ireland. 
For the purposes of capital acquisitions tax, under current legislation a non-Irish domiciled person will not be 
treated as resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland for the purposes of the applicable legislation except where 
that person has been resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax for the 5 consecutive years of 
assessment immediately preceding the year of assessment in which the date of the gift or inheritance falls. 
Stamp Duty 
Irish stamp duty will not be levied on the issue or redemption of the Notes. A transfer of Notes in bearer form 
by physical delivery only, and not otherwise, will not attract Irish stamp duty.

--- Page 137 ---
129 
In the event of written transfer of Notes, no stamp duty is chargeable provided that the Notes: 
(i) 
do not carry a right of conversion into stocks or marketable securities of a company registered in 
Ireland; 
 
(ii) 
do not carry rights of the same kind as shares in the capital of a company; 
 
(iii) 
are not issued at a discount of more than 10 per cent.; and 
 
(iv) 
do not carry a right to a sum in respect of repayment or interest which is related to certain 
movements in an index or indices. 
Where the above exemption or another exemption does not apply, the instrument of transfer is liable to stamp 
duty at the rate of one per cent. of the consideration paid in respect of the transfer (or if greater, the market 
value thereof) which must be paid in Euro by the transferee (assuming an arm’s length transfer) within 30 
days of the date on which the transfer instrument is executed, after which interest and penalties will apply. 
OECD Model GloBE Rules and the European Commission’s Proposed Directive on GloBE Rules 
On 20 December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) published 
the draft Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules which are aimed at ensuring that Multinational Enterprises 
(“MNEs”) will be subject to a global minimum 15 per cent. tax rate from 2023 (“GloBE Rules”).  
On 15 December 2022, the Council of the EU unanimously adopted the agreed compromise text of a directive 
to implement the GloBE Rules in the EU (the “Minimum Tax Directive”) which introduces a minimum effective 
tax rate of 15.0 per cent. for MNE groups and large-scale domestic groups which have annual consolidated 
revenues of at least €750 million, operating in the EU's internal market and beyond.  It provides a common 
framework for implementing the GloBE Rules into EU Member States’ national laws. The Minimum Tax 
Directive contains an income inclusion rule (the “IIR”) and an undertaxed profit rule (the “UTPR”) which allow 
for the collection of an additional amount of top-up tax if the effective tax rate on income of an in-scope group 
is under 15.0 per cent. EU Member States were required to transpose the Minimum Tax Directive into 
domestic legislation by 31 December 2023 with the rules becoming effective for tax years commencing on or 
after 31 December 2023, with the exception of the UTPR, which will apply for tax years commencing on or 
after 31 December 2024.  
Legislation implementing the Minimum Tax Directive in Ireland is included in Part 4A of the TCA (the “Irish 
Pillar Two provisions”) and applies to accounting periods commencing on or after 31 December 2023.  
A key concept in the Irish Pillar Two provisions is a “qualifying entity”, being, inter alia, a member located in 
Ireland of an MNE group (or large-scale domestic group) which has consolidated revenues of more than €750 
million in at least two out of the previous four accounting periods.  A “group” is defined for the purposes of 
the Irish Pillar Two provisions as all entities which are related through ownership or control for the purpose 
of the preparation of consolidated financial statements by the ultimate parent entity, including any entity that 
may have been excluded from the consolidated financial statements of the ultimate parent entity solely based 
on its small size, on materiality grounds or on the grounds that it is held for sale.  The Irish Pillar Two 
provisions are broader than the Minimum Tax Directive and can also apply a top-up tax to standalone entities 
(i.e. entities that are not part of a consolidated group) with annual revenues of at least €750 million in at least 
two out of the previous four accounting periods. 
If the Issuer is at or above the €750 million revenue threshold on a consolidated or standalone basis, as 
applicable, for at least two of the preceding four accounting periods, and is not otherwise excluded from the 
Irish Pillar Two provisions, and its effective tax rate for the purposes of the Irish Pillar Two provisions is lower 
than the minimum tax rate of 15 per cent., it may be within scope of the Irish domestic top-up tax.  There are 
complex rules around how the profits of a “qualifying entity” are calculated and adjusted for tax purposes, 
and how the tax is allocated between different members of the group. 
 
Deductibility of Interest - EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive and EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package the EU Council adopted the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive on 12 
July 2016 in Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (“ATAD 1”). ATAD 1 needed to be implemented by each EU 
Member State as of 1 January 2019, subject to certain derogations. On 29 May 2017 additional measures

--- Page 138 ---
130 
were introduced in Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 to neutralise the effects of hybrid mismatches with third 
countries (“ATAD 2”). The measures introduced in ATAD 2 had to be implemented by 1 January 2020 and 1 
January 2022 (to the extent relating to reverse hybrid mismatches).  
ATAD 1 and ATAD 2 contain various measures that could potentially result in certain payments made by the 
Issuer ceasing to be fully deductible which could increase the Issuer’s liability to tax.  
There are two measures which are of particular relevance to the Issuer. 
Firstly, ATAD 1 (as amended by ATAD 2) provides for hybrid mismatch rules. These rules are designed to 
neutralise arrangements where amounts are deductible from the income of one entity but are not taxable for 
another, or the same amounts are deductible for two entities. These rules could potentially apply to the Issuer 
where: (i) the interest that it pays under the Notes, and claims deductions from its taxable income for, is not 
brought into account as taxable income by the relevant Noteholder, either because of the characterisation of 
the Notes or the payments made under them, or because of the nature of the Noteholder itself; and (ii) the 
mismatch arises between associated enterprises, between the Issuer and an associated enterprise or under 
a structured arrangement. The Irish legislation dealing with hybrid mismatches came into effect on 1 January 
2020. 
To the extent the Issuer is deemed to be associated with any of its Noteholders, or is engaged in certain 
transactions which have, as their purpose, the exploitation of hybrid mismatches, these Irish anti-hybrid rules 
may impact the deductibility of payments of interest by the Issuer to certain Noteholders. Associated for Irish 
tax purposes in this context includes direct and indirect participation in terms of voting rights or capital 
ownership of 25 per cent. or more than 50 per cent. in certain circumstances or an entitlement to receive 25 
per cent. or more than 50 per cent. in certain circumstances of the profits of that entity as well as entities that 
are part of the same consolidated group for financial accounting purposes or enterprises that have a 
significant influence in the management of the taxpayer. 
Noteholders are not currently anticipated to be persons who would be considered associated with the Issuer, 
merely by reason of holding Notes. 
Secondly, ATAD 1 provides for an “interest limitation rule” which restricts the deductible interest of an entity 
to 30 per cent. of its earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (“EBITDA”) (there is a de 
minimis threshold of €3,000,000 per accounting period of 12 months). However, the interest limitation only 
applies to the net borrowing costs of an entity (being the amount by which its borrowing costs exceed its 
taxable interest revenues and other economically equivalent taxable revenues). Thus, if an entity has net 
interest income for an accounting period (i.e. no exceeding borrowing costs, or its exceeding borrowing costs 
do not exceed the higher of 30 per cent. of the entity’s tax-adjusted EBITDA or the de minimis threshold), a 
restriction does not apply.  
The Irish legislation that was enacted for the implementation of the interest limitation provision applies to 
accounting periods commencing on or after 1 January 2022. 
The legislation provides for implementation of the ‘group ratio’ and ‘equity ratio’ of the ATAD 1 interest 
limitation provision and makes, inter alia, the equity ratio provisions available to an entity which qualifies as 
a “single company worldwide group” (as defined in Section 835AY of the TCA). The equity ratio permits a 
company whose ratio of equity to total assets in an accounting period is 98% or more of the group’s ratio for 
the accounting period to elect to apply the equity ratio rule and therefore disapply the interest limitation 
provision for the accounting period. Where a company is a “single company worldwide group” and no amount 
is owed by the company to its “associated enterprises” which gives rise to deductible interest equivalent, the 
company’s equity ratio should always be the same as that of the group so that the company could elect to 
apply the equity ratio and thereby disapply the interest limitation rule. 
A “single company worldwide group” means a company that is not a member of a “worldwide group”, a 
member of an “interest group”, or a “standalone entity” (each, as defined).  The Issuer would qualify as a 
“single company worldwide group” where it is not a member of a “worldwide group” (e.g. its results are not 
fully included in consolidated financial statements prepared under generally accepted accounting practice or 
an alternative body of accounting standards) and it does not elect to be a member of an interest group (which 
it could not do in any case unless it was a member of a worldwide group or an Irish corporate tax loss 
group).  Where the Issuer qualifies as a “single company worldwide group” and the Issuer does not owe any 
amount which gives rise to deductible interest equivalent to an entity which is an “associated enterprise” in 
respect of the Issuer, the Issuer should be able to elect to apply the equity ratio and thereby disapply the

--- Page 139 ---
131 
interest limitation rule. These provisions may mean the implementation of the ATAD 1 interest limitation 
provision in Ireland has no material impact on the Issuer irrespective of whether the Issuer has annual 
exceeding borrowing costs in excess of the higher of 30 per cent. of its tax-adjusted EBITDA or €3,000,000. 
If however the Issuer receives income that is not considered interest or equivalent to interest in excess of 
€3,000,000 in any year, and the Issuer is not a “single company worldwide group” (for example because a 
Noteholder and the Issuer are included in the same consolidated financial statements other than as a “non-
consolidating entity”), then the Issuer’s liability to corporation tax in Ireland may increase.  An increase in the 
Issuer’s Irish corporation tax liability in these circumstances may constitute a tax event under Condition 6(b) 
(Redemption for taxation reasons). If a tax event were to occur, the Notes may be redeemed in accordance 
with Condition 6(b) (Redemption for taxation reasons) in whole but not in part at the option of the Issuer, 
subject to (i) the Issuer having failed to cure the tax event and (ii) certain minimum notice periods. 
FATCA Implementation in Ireland  
The governments of Ireland and the United States have signed an Agreement to Improve International Tax 
Compliance and to Implement FATCA (the “Ireland IGA”). The Ireland IGA is of a type commonly known as 
a “model 1” agreement. In July 2014, Ireland enacted Financial Accounts Reporting (United States of 
America) Regulations 2014 (the “Irish FATCA Regulations”). 
The Ireland IGA and Irish FATCA Regulations provide for the automatic reporting and exchange of 
information in relation to accounts held in Irish “financial institutions” by U.S. persons and the reciprocal 
exchange of information regarding U.S. financial accounts held by Irish residents.  
The Issuer expects to be treated as a reporting “Financial Institution” for FATCA purposes and intends to 
carry on its business in such a way as to ensure that it is treated as complying with FATCA pursuant to the 
terms of the Ireland IGA and the Irish FATCA Regulations. Unless an exemption applies, the Issuer shall be 
required to register with the IRS as a "reporting financial institution" for FATCA purposes. In order for the 
Issuer to comply with its FATCA obligations it will be required to report certain information to the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners relating to Noteholders who, for FATCA purposes, are specified U.S. persons, non-
participating financial institutions or passive non-financial foreign entities (“NFFEs”) that are controlled by 
specified U.S. persons. Any information reported by the Issuer to the Irish Revenue Commissioners will be 
communicated to the IRS pursuant to the Ireland IGA. It is possible that the Irish Revenue Commissioners 
may also communicate this information to other tax authorities pursuant to the terms of any applicable double 
tax treaty, intergovernmental agreement or exchange of information regime.  
The Issuer or its agents shall be entitled to require Noteholders to provide any information and documentation 
regarding their FATCA status, identity or residency required by the Issuer to satisfy its FATCA obligations. 
Noteholders will be deemed, by their subscription for or holding of Notes to have authorised the automatic 
disclosure of such information by the Issuer or any other authorised person to the relevant tax authorities.  
The Issuer should not generally be subject to FATCA withholding tax in respect of its U.S. source income for 
so long as it complies with its FATCA obligations. However, FATCA withholding tax may arise on U.S. source 
payments to the Issuer if the Issuer does not comply with its FATCA registration and reporting obligations 
and the IRS specifically identified the Issuer as being a 'non-participating financial institution' for FATCA 
purposes. In addition, the Issuer may be unable to comply with its FATCA obligations if Noteholders do not 
provide the required certifications or information.  
If an amount in respect of FATCA withholding were to be deducted or withheld either from amounts due to 
the Issuer or from interest, principal or other payments made in respect of the Notes, neither the Issuer nor 
any principal paying agent nor any other person would, pursuant to the conditions of the Notes, be required 
to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding. As a result, investors may receive less 
interest or principal than expected. 
Noteholders should consult their own tax advisors as to the potential implication of the reporting requirements 
imposed on the Issuer by FATCA before investing. 
The Common Reporting Standard 
On 21 July 2014, the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information in Tax Matters was 
published by the OECD and this includes the Common Reporting Standard (the “CRS”).  The CRS provides 
that certain entities (known as Financial Institutions) shall identify “Accounts” (as defined, broadly equity and

--- Page 140 ---
132 
debt interests in the Financial Institution) held by persons who are tax resident in another CRS participating 
jurisdiction. That information is then subject to annual automatic exchange between governments in CRS 
participating jurisdictions. 
Directive 2014/107/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the Field of Taxation (“DAC II”) implements the CRS 
in a European context and creates a mandatory obligation for all EU Member States to exchange financial 
account information in respect of residents in other EU Member States on an annual basis. 
Ireland has provided for the implementation of CRS through Section 891F of the TCA and the enactment of 
the Returns of Certain Information by Reporting Financial Institutions Regulations 2015 (the “CRS 
Regulations”).  Irish Financial Institutions are obliged to make a single return in respect of CRS and DAC II.  
The Issuer is expected to constitute a Financial Institution for CRS purposes.  In order to comply with its 
obligations under CRS and DAC II, the Issuer shall be entitled to require Noteholders to provide certain 
information in respect of the Noteholder’s and, in certain circumstances, their controlling persons’ tax status, 
identity or residence.  Noteholders will be deemed, by their holding of the Notes, to have authorised the 
automatic disclosure of such information by the Issuer (or any nominated service provider) to the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners.  The information will be reported by the Issuer to the Irish Revenue Commissioners 
who will then exchange the information with the tax or governmental authorities of other participating 
jurisdictions, as applicable.  To the extent that the Notes are held within a recognised clearing system, the 
Issuer should have no reportable accounts in a tax year. 
Provided the Issuer complies with these obligations, it should be deemed compliant for CRS and DAC II 
purposes.  Failure by the Issuer to comply with its CRS and DAC II obligations may result in it being deemed 
to be non-compliant in respect of its CRS obligations and monetary penalties may be imposed pursuant to 
the Irish implementing legislation.

--- Page 141 ---
133 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (the “Programme Agreement”) dated 
11 February 2025, as amended or supplemented from time to time, agreed with the Issuers and the Guarantor 
a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement 
will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In 
the Programme Agreement, the Issuers and the Guarantor have agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain 
of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue 
of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in 
connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules 
apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
The expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or

--- Page 142 ---
134 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the 
EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that 
it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within either Article 1(4) or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
The expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base

--- Page 143 ---
135 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in relation 
thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; or 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Article 2 of UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA  or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Sweden  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that no Notes will be offered to the public in Sweden nor admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in Sweden unless and until (A) a prospectus in relation to those Notes has been 
approved by the competent authority in Sweden or, where appropriate, approved in that Member State and 
such competent authority has certified to the competent authority in Sweden that the prospectus has been 
approved with respect to the Prospectus Regulation; or (B) an exemption from the requirement to prepare a 
prospectus is available under the Prospectus Regulation or the Act on Supplementary Rules to the EU 
Prospectus 
Regulation 
(Sw. 
lagen 
(2019:414) 
med 
kompletterande 
bestämmelser 
till 
EU:s 
prospektförordning) or any other Swedish enactment. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 144 ---
136 
(i) 
it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the issue of 
any Notes otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the European Union (Markets in 
Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (S.I. No. 375 of 2017) (as amended) and any codes of 
conduct issued in connection therewith, the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as 
amended) and the Investment Intermediaries Act 1995 (as amended) and it will conduct itself in 
accordance with any codes and rules of conduct, conditions, requirements and any other enactment, 
imposed or approved by the Central Bank with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Notes; 
(ii) 
it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the issue of 
any Notes other than in conformity with the provisions of the Central Bank Acts 1942-2018 (as 
amended) including any codes of conduct rules made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 
1989 (as amended), the Central Bank (Investment Market Conduct) Rules 2019 (S.I. No. 366 of 2019) 
and any regulations issued pursuant to Part 8 of the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) 
Act 2013 (as amended); 
(iii) 
it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the issue of 
any Notes in Ireland otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the European Union 
(Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (S.I. No. 380 of 2019), the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129 and 
any rules issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended) by the Central Bank; 
(iv) 
it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the issue of 
any Notes in Ireland otherwise than in compliance with the provisions of (A) the Market Abuse 
Regulation (Regulation EU 596/2014); (B) the Market Abuse Directive on criminal sanctions for 
market abuse (Directive 2014/57/EU); (C) the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 
(S.I. No. 349 of 2016) (as amended); and (D) any rules issued by the Central Bank pursuant thereto 
and/or under Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended);  
(v) 
it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the issue of 
any Notes otherwise than in compliance with the provisions of the Irish Companies Act, 2014; and 
(vi) 
it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the issue of 
any Notes with a maturity date of less than 12 months except in full compliance with Notice BSD C 
01/02 issued by the Central Bank, 
as each of the foregoing may be amended, restated, varied, supplemented and/or otherwise replaced from 
time to time. 
Prospective Irish investors are recommended to seek their own independent financial advice in relation to the 
opportunity described in this document from their own suitably qualified stockbroker, bank manager, solicitor, 
tax advisor, accountant or any other independent financial adviser.  
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer or 
sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in France, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will 
not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) or any other offering material relating to Notes, 
and that such offers, sales and distributions have been and will be made in France only to (a) providers of 
investment services relating to portfolio management for the account of third parties, (b) to qualified investors

--- Page 145 ---
137 
(investisseurs qualifiés) and/or (c) a restricted group of investors (cercle restreint d’investisseurs), all in 
accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1 and D411-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying 
as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time 
to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will 
not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription 
or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject 
or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any 
other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any Dealer represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 146 ---
138 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by the resolutions of the 
Board of Directors of Securitas AB dated 5 February 2025, and by the resolutions of the Board of Directors 
of STI dated 7 February 2025. 
Listing, Approval and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Central Bank to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application 
has also been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on 
the Regulated Market and to be listed on the Official List. The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection during normal  business hours from the registered offices of 
the Issuers and from the specified office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent for the time being in 
Luxembourg, and on the Group’s website at https://www.securitas.com/en/investors/: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of each of the Issuers; 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Securitas AB in respect of the financial years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2023, in each case together with the auditor’s reports in connection therewith. 
Securitas AB currently prepares audited consolidated accounts on an annual basis; 
(iii) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of Securitas AB and the most 
recently published unaudited interim financial statements (if any) of Securitas AB, in each case 
together with any audit or review reports prepared in connection therewith. Securitas AB currently 
prepares unaudited consolidated interim accounts on a quarterly basis which also include unaudited 
non-consolidated interim accounts relating to Securitas AB; 
(iv) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee and the forms of the Global 
Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(v) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus and the offering circulars relating to the Programme dated 21 
February 2018, 18 June 2020, 9 April 2021, 15 November 2022 and 13 February 2024; 
(vi) 
the Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any other second party 
opinions issued in relation to the Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework;  
(vii) 
the Sustainability Performance Report(s), Verification Assurance Certificate(s) and Limited 
Assurance Report(s); and 
(viii) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, drawdown prospectus, information memoranda, 
supplements to this Base Prospectus and Final Terms and Pricing Supplements (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will only be available for inspection by a holder of 
such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Issuer or the relevant 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, as to its holding of Notes and identity) and any other documents 
incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of 
Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes are to be cleared through an additional or 
alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable.

--- Page 147 ---
139 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address for Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been:  
(A) 
no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of (i) Securitas AB or the Group 
since the date of the most recent financial statements of Securitas AB and the Group incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus, and (ii) STI since the date of the most recent financial 
statements of STI incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; and 
(B) 
no material adverse change in the prospects of each of the Issuers since the date of the last audited 
financial statements of the Issuers incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Litigation 
Except as described on pages 121-122 under the heading “Disputes”, neither of the Issuers nor any other 
member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which either of the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of either of the Issuers and/or the Group. 
Material contracts 
Neither of the Issuers have entered into any material contracts outside of the ordinary course of business, 
which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
ability of relevant Issuer to meet its obligations to the Noteholders in respect of the Notes. 
Auditor 
The consolidated financial statements of Securitas AB for the two financial years ended on 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2023, have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the EU and audited without qualifications in accordance with generally accepted 
auditing standards in Sweden by Ernst & Young AB. Ernst & Young AB is associated with FAR, the institute 
for the accounting profession in Sweden. The auditor of Securitas AB has no material interest in Securitas 
AB. The address of Ernst & Young AB can be found on the last page of this Base Prospectus. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield.

--- Page 148 ---
140 
ISSUER AND GUARANTOR 
Securitas AB (publ) 
PO Box 12 307 
102 28 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
ISSUER 
Securitas Treasury Ireland 
Designated Activity Company
3 Harbourmaster Place 
IFSC 
Dublin 1 
Dublin 
Ireland 
 
ARRANGER 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-2085 Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers as to Swedish law
Mannheimer Swartling 
PO Box 4291 
SE-203 14 Malmo 
Sweden 
To the Issuers as to Irish law 
Walkers (Ireland) LLP 
The Exchange 
George’s Dock 
IFSC, Dublin 1 
D01 W3P9 
Ireland 
To the Dealers as to English law
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
CityPoint 
One Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9SS 
United Kingdom 
 
 
AUDITORS 
To Securitas AB 
Ernst & Young AB 
Hamngatan 26 
Box 7850 
Stockholm 111 47  
Sweden

--- Page 149 ---
141 
DEALERS  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya 
Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Calle Sauceda, 28 
Edificio Asia – 1st Floor 
28050, Madrid 
Spain 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG 
Börsenplatz 9 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Crédit Industriel et 
Commercial S.A. 
6, avenue de Provence 
75452 Paris Cedex 9 
France 
Danske Bank A/S 
Bernstorffsgade 40 
DK-1577 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
DNB Bank ASA, Sweden 
Branch 
Regeringsgatan 59 
SE-105 88 Stockholm 
Sweden 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12  
81925 Munich  
Germany 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor The Exchange 
George’s Dock 
IFSC, Dublin 1 
D01 W3P9 
Ireland